10-K 1 s105696_10k.htm 10-K UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 FORM 10-K x ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the fiscal year ended December 31, 2016 or ¨ TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE
SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 Commission file number 333-205271 Zev Ventures, Inc.
(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) Nevada | 47-2615102
(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) | (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 500C Grand St. Apartment 3G, New York, NY | 10002
(Address of principal executive offices) | (Zip Code) (631) 418-7044 ( Registrant’s telephone number,
including area code) Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b)
of the Act: None Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g)
of the Act: None Indicate by check mark if the registrant is
a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. ¨ Yes x No Indicate by check mark if the registrant is
not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. ¨ Yes x No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
(1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding
12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such
filing requirements for the past 90 days. x Yes ¨ No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Website, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted
and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (§ 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such
shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). x Yes ¨ No Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent
filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K (§ 229.405 of this chapter) is not contained herein, and will not be contained,
to the best of registrant’s knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III
of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K. ¨ Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions
of “large accelerated filer,” “accelerated filer” and “smaller reporting company” in Rule
12b-2 of the Exchange Act. Large accelerated filer ¨ | Accelerated filer ¨
Non-accelerated filer ¨ (Do not check if a smaller reporting company) | Smaller reporting company x Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). ¨ Yes x No As of December 31, 2016 the Registrant has
2,000,000 shares of common stock outstanding. TABLE OF CONTENTS PART I | 1
ITEM 1. BUSINESS | 1
ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS | 3
ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS | 3
ITEM 2. PROPERTIES | 3
ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS | 3
ITEM 4. MINE SAFTEY DISCLOSURES | 3
PART II
ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT’S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES | 3
ITEM 6. SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA | 4
ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS | 4
ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK | 6
ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA | 6
ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISLOSURE | 7
ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES | 7
ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION | 7
PART III | 7
ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE | 7
ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION | 8
ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS | 10
ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE | 10
ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES | 10
PART IV | 12
ITEM 15. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES | 12
SIGNATURES | 12 i PART I ITEM 1. BUSINESS Forward Looking Statements This Annual Report on Form 10-K (“Annual
Report”) contains forward-looking statements. These statements relate to future events or our future financial performance.
In some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements by terminology such as "may," "should," "expects,"
"plans," "anticipates," "believes," "estimates," "predicts," "potential,"
or "continue" or the negative of these terms or other comparable terminology. Forward looking statements are made based
on management’s beliefs, estimates and opinions on the date the statements are made and we undertake no obligation to update
forward-looking statements if these beliefs, estimates and opinions or other circumstances should change. Although we believe
that the expectations reflected in the forward-looking statements are reasonable, we cannot guarantee future results, levels of
activity, performance or achievements. Except as required by applicable law, including the securities laws of the United States,
we do not intend to update any of the forward-looking statements to conform these statements to actual results. The safe harbors of forward-looking statements
provided by Section 21E of the Exchange Act are unavailable to issuers of penny stock. As we issued securities at a price below
$5.00 per share, our shares are considered penny stock and such safe harbors set forth under the Private Securities Litigation
Reform Act of 1995 are unavailable to us. Our financial statements are stated in United
States dollars and are prepared in accordance with United States generally accepted accounting principles. In this annual report, unless otherwise specified,
all dollar amounts are expressed in United States dollars and all references to "common stock" refer to the common shares
in our capital stock. As used in this Annual Report, the terms "we,"
"us," “Company,” "our" and "Zev Ventures, Inc." mean Zev Ventures, Inc., unless otherwise
indicated. THERE IS SUBSTANTIAL UNCERTAINTY ABOUT OUR
ABILITY TO CONTINUE OUR OPERATIONS AS A GOING CONCERN. In their audit report dated March 27,
2017 our auditors have expressed an opinion that substantial doubt exists as to whether we can continue as an ongoing
business. Because our officers may be unwilling or unable to loan or advance any additional capital to us, we believe that if
we do not raise additional capital, we may be required to suspend or cease the implementation of our business plan. See the
Audited Financial Statements - Auditors Report". Because our auditor has issued an opinion that substantial doubt exists
as to whether we can continue as a going concern, it may be more difficult to attract investors. 1 Corporate Information Zev Ventures, Inc. (“Zev Ventures, Inc.”
or the “Company”) was incorporated in the State of Nevada on December 22, 2014, and our fiscal year end is December
31. The Company’s administrative address is 500C Grand St. Apartment 3G New York NY, 10002. Our telephone number is (631)
418-7044. Zev Ventures, Inc. has begun generating revenues
and continues to grow our inventory, however, our ability to fully implement our business plan requires us to raise additional
funds for marketing and inventory. Zev Ventures, Inc. has never declared bankruptcy,
been in receivership, or involved in any kind of legal proceeding. The Company, its directors, officers, affiliates and promoters,
have not and do not intend to enter into negotiations or discussions with representatives or owners of any other businesses or
companies regarding the possibility of an acquisition or merger. The Company purchases sporting events and
concert tickets in bulk directly from ticket vendors such as Ticketmaster and directly from the sports franchises and sports associations.
The Company intends to focus on tickets offered by the following sports leagues: Major League Baseball (“MLB”), the
National Basketball Association (“NBA”), the National Hockey League (“NHL”), and the National Football
League (“NFL”). Teams in these leagues sell their tickets for below market price in order to insure games are sold
out and to maintain customer loyalty. We intend to capitalize on this market inefficiency by reselling tickets purchased from
primary vendors at the price actually commanded by the market on StubHub, a ticket resale marketplace. Buying tickets on the primary market in bulk
and months in advance of a given sporting event will permit us to resell those tickets on the secondary market at a 5-20% markup.
For tickets to events in unusually high demand, such as playoff games or late-season games with potential playoff implications,
the markup can be as high as 30-100%. Our ability to profit on the resale of tickets
depends highly on an event’s ability to sell out. Sold out events eliminate primary market vendors from our competition
and decrease the supply of tickets, thus increasing our profits. Our ability to see real growth requires additional funding to
ensure we have the ability to buy as many tickets as possible. If we focus on simply one team, we will not be able to ensure at
least some playoff tickets. Products The Company currently has no new publicly
announced products Competition Barrier to entry in the industry is extremely
low and there are many competitors. Before we launch our own website for the purpose of selling our tickets, our primary competition
will be other ticket resellers on StubHub. Once we successfully launch our website, our competition will consist of companies
such as StubHub, Ticketliquidator.com, Ticketnetwork.com, Ticketsnow.com, and Vividseats.com. For events that fail to sell out, we will
also compete with primary ticket vendors, such as TicketMaster. As a small company compared to some of our
competitors, they have significantly greater financial and marketing resources. They may have a greater advantage to negotiate
higher commissions because of their more recognizable brand. There are no assurances that our efforts to compete in the marketplace
will be successful. Employees Zev Ventures, Inc. has no employees. Our
officer and director is donating his time to the development of the company, and intends to do whatever work is necessary
in order to bring us to the point of greater revenues. We have no other employees, and do not foresee hiring any additional
employees in the near future. Our officer and director will also be responsible for designing and developing our website
and auction system, and managing our Internet Marketing efforts. Patents, Copyrights and
Trademarks There are no aspects of our business plan
that require a patent, trademark, or product license. 2 Government Regulation We are not currently subject to direct federal,
state, or local regulation other than the requirement to have a business license for the area in which we conduct business. ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS We are a smaller reporting company as defined
by Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and, as such, are not required to provide the information under this item. ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS We are a smaller reporting company as defined
by Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and, as such, are not required to provide the information under this item. ITEM 2. PROPERTIES We currently maintain our executive offices
at 500C Grand St. Apartment 3G New York NY, 10002. ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS The company is not a party to any legal proceedings. ITEM 4. MINE SAFTEY DISCLOSURES Not applicable to our operations. ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT’S
COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES Market Information No public market currently exists for shares
of our common stock. Following completion of this offering, we intend to apply to have our common stock listed for quotation on
the OTCMarkets QB or Pinksheet markets. Number of Holders As of March 28, 2017, the Company has 2,000,000
shares of common stock issued and outstanding and no shares of the preferred. Dividends It is our present intention not to pay any
cash dividends in the foreseeable future, but rather to reinvest earnings, if any, in our business operations. Securities authorized for issuance under
equity compensation plans We have no compensation plans (including individual
compensation arrangements) under which our equity securities are authorized for issuance. Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities Set forth below is information regarding the
issuance and sales of securities without registration since inception. No such sales involved the use of an underwriter;
no advertising or public solicitation was involved; the securities bear a restrictive legend; and no commissions were paid in
connection with the sale of any securities. On December 22, 2014 the Company issued 3,000,000
shares of common stock to Mr. Turetsky for cash at $0.0001 per share for a total of $300.00. 3 These securities were issued in reliance upon
the exemption contained in Section 4(2) of Securities Act of 1933. These securities were issued to the founders of the Company
and bear a restrictive legend. No written agreement was entered into regarding the sale of stock to the Company's founders. Use of Proceeds of Registered Securities . If the maximum amount of funds are raised,
we intend to fund our operations and then implement our business plan. If we sell 15% or less of our shares under the Offering,
we will have to seek out additional capital from alternate sources to pay our existing liabilities and execute our business plan.
If such funds are not available, our business would likely fail and any investment would be lost. No assurance can be given that
the net proceeds from the total number of shares offered hereby or any lesser net amount will be sufficient to accomplish our
goals. Purchases of Equity Securities. None. Transfer Agent We currently do not have a stock transfer
agent. The Company has identified several agents to retain that will facilitate the processing of the certificates upon closing
of the offering. ITEM 6. SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA The following financial information summarizes
the more complete historical financial information at the end of this Prospectus. ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION
AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS The following discussion should be read
in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements and the notes thereto included in this Report beginning on page F-1.
The results shown herein are not necessarily indicative of the results to be expected in any future periods. This discussion contains
forward-looking statements based upon current expectations that involve risks and uncertainties, such as our plans, objectives,
expectations and intentions. Actual results and the timing of events could differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking
statements as a result of a number of factors. We use words such as “anticipate,” “estimate,” “plan,”
“project,” “continuing,” “ongoing,” “expect,” “believe,” “intend,”
“may,” “will,” “should,” “could,” and similar expressions to identify forward-looking
statements. Significant Accounting Policies Our discussion and analysis of our results
of operations and liquidity and capital resources are based on our consolidated financial statements, which have been prepared
in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States. The preparation of these financial statements
requires us to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses, and
disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities. On an ongoing basis, we evaluate our estimates and judgments, including those
related to revenue recognition, valuation of intangible assets and investments, share-based payments, income taxes and litigation.
We base our estimates on historical and anticipated results and trends and on various other assumptions that we believe are reasonable
under the circumstances, including assumptions as to future events. These estimates form the basis for making judgments about
the carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. By their nature, estimates are
subject to an inherent degree of uncertainty. Actual results that differ from our estimates could have a significant adverse effect
on our operating results and financial position. We believe that the following significant accounting policies and assumptions
may involve a higher degree of judgment and complexity than others. Emerging Growth Company We qualify as an “emerging growth company”
under the JOBS Act. As a result, we are permitted to, and intend to, rely on exemptions from certain disclosure requirements.
For so long as we are an emerging growth company, we will not be required to: · | have an auditor report on our internal controls over financial reporting pursuant to Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act; · | comply with any requirement that may be adopted by the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board regarding mandatory audit firm rotation or a supplement to the auditor’s report providing additional information about the audit and the financial statements (i.e., an auditor discussion and analysis); 4 · | submit certain executive compensation matters to shareholder advisory votes, such as “say-on-pay” and “say-on-frequency;” and · | disclose certain executive compensation related items such as the correlation between executive compensation and performance and comparisons of the CEO’s compensation to median employee compensation. In addition, Section 107 of the JOBS Act also
provides that an emerging growth company can take advantage of the extended transition period provided in Section 7(a)(2)(B) of
the Securities Act for complying with new or revised accounting standards. In other words, an emerging growth company can delay
the adoption of certain accounting standards until those standards would otherwise apply to private companies. We have elected
to take advantage of the benefits of this extended transition period. Our financial statements may therefore not be comparable
to those of companies that comply with such new or revised accounting standards. We will remain an “emerging growth company”
for up to five years, or until the earliest of (i) the last day of the first fiscal year in which our total annual gross revenues
exceed $1 billion, (ii) the date that we become a “large accelerated filer” as defined in Rule 12b-2 under the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, which would occur if the market value of our ordinary shares that is held by non-affiliates exceeds $700
million as of the last business day of our most recently completed second fiscal quarter or (iii) the date on which we have issued
more than $1 billion in non-convertible debt during the preceding three year period. Results of Operations Our results of operations are presented below: Results of Operations for the Twelve
Months Ended December 31, 2016 compared to the Twelve Months Ended December 31, 2015. During the twelve months ended December 31,
2016 we incurred a net loss of $34,580, compared to a net loss of $19,775 during the same period in fiscal December 31, 2015.
The increase in our net loss during the year ended December 31, 2016 was primarily due to increased General and Administrative
Expenses and operating costs relating to salaries and other general and administrative expenses. Our total operating expenses for the year
ended December 31, 2016 were $27,671, compared to operating expenses of $18,257 during the same period in fiscal December 31,
2015. Liquidity and Capital Resources As of December 31, 2016 we had $2,382 in cash
and $5,660 in total assets, and $60,503 in total liabilities as compared to $5,174 in cash, and $8,040 in total assets, and $28,303
in total liabilities as of December 31, 2015. We are dependent on our revenues for cash
flow, as we have minimized cash flow requirements through equity or debt financing. However, as we intend to expand
operations, it is likely that we will require cash flow from financing in the future which could affect our ability to become
cash flow positive. For the year ending December 31, 2016
we used net cash of $28,992 in operating activities, compared to net cash used of $20,641 in operating activities during the same
period in fiscal December 31, 2015. During the year ended December 31, 2016, net
cash of $26,200 was provided by financing activities compared to net cash of $24,315 during the same period in fiscal December
31, 2015. Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements We have no significant off-balance sheet arrangements
that have or are reasonably likely to have a current or future effect on our financial condition, revenues or expenses, results
of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures or capital resources that are material to stockholders. 5 Inflation The amounts presented in the financial statements
do not provide for the effect of inflation on our operations or financial position. The net operating losses shown would be greater
than reported if the effects of inflation were reflected either by charging operations with amounts that represent replacement
costs or by using other inflation adjustments. ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE
DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK We are a smaller reporting company as defined
by Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and, as such, are not required to provide the information under this item. ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY
DATA Zev Ventures, Inc. INDEX TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTENTS:
Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm | F-1
Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2016 and 2015 | F-2
Statement of Operations for the year ended December 31, 2016 and 2015 | F-3
Statements of Stockholders’ Equity for the year ended December 31, 2016 and 2015 | F-4
Statements of Cash Flows for the year ended December 31, 2016 and 2015 | F-5
Notes to the Financial Statements | F-6 6 REPORT OF THE INDEPENDENT REGISTERED
PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM To the Board of Directors and Stockholders
of Zev Ventures, Inc. We have audited the accompanying balance sheets
of Zev Ventures, Inc (“the Company”) as of December 31, 2016 and 2015 and the related statements of operations, changes
in stockholders’ deficit and cash flows for the years then ended. These financial statements are the responsibility of the
Company’s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements based on our audits. We conducted our audit in accordance with standards
of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to
obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement. The Company is not required
to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. Our audit included consideration
of internal control over financial reporting as a basis for designing audit procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances,
but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company’s internal control over financial reporting.
Accordingly, we express no such opinion. An audit includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures
in the financial statements. An audit also includes assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by
management, as well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable
basis for our opinion. In our opinion, the financial statements referred
to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2016 and 2015 and the
results of its operations and cash flows for the period described above in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted
in the United States of America. The accompanying financial statements have
been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 2 to the financial statements, the
Company has not established any source of revenue to cover its operating costs. As of December 31, 2016, the Company does not have
sufficient working capital and cash resources to meet its planned business objectives. These and other factors raise substantial
doubt about the Company’s ability to continue as a going concern. Management’s plan regarding these matters is also
described in Note 2 to the financial statements. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from
the outcome of this uncertainty. /s/ Dov Weinstein & Co. C.P.A. (Isr) Jerusalem, Israel March 27, 2017 F- 1 Zev Ventures, Inc. BALANCE SHEETS (in US Dollars) December 31, 2016 | December 31, 2015
$ | $
ASSETS
Current Assets:
Cash and cash equivalents | 2,382 | 5,174
Account receivable | 1,818 | -
Inventory | 1,460 | 2,866
TOTAL ASSETS | 5,660 | 8,040
LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDER'S DEFICIT
Current liabilities:
Account payable and accrued expenses | 8,000 | 2,000
Loan from related party | 52,503 | 26,303
Total liabilities | 60,503 | 28,303
Stockholder's deficit
Common stock, $0.0001 par value; 75,000,000 shares authorized; 3,000,000 shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2016 and 2015 | 300 | 300
Accumulated deficit | (55,143 | ) | (20,563 | )
Total Stockholder's deficit | (54,843 | ) | (20,263 | )
TOTAL LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDER'S DEFICIT | 5,660 | 8,040 The accompanying notes are an integral
part of these interim financial statements . F- 2 Zev Ventures, Inc. STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS (in US Dollars) Year ended December 31, 2016 | Year ended December 31, 2015
Revenue | 5,512 | 3,891
Cost of sales | (12,422 | ) | (5,409 | )
(6,910 | ) | (1,518 | )
General and administrative:-
Professional fees
- Auditors’ fees | 20,000 | 9,500
- Legal fees | 2,250 | 6,000
Filing fees | 5,356 | 2,558
Miscellaneous fees | 43 | 59
Other costs | 21 | 140
Total operating expenses | (27,671 | ) | (18,257 | )
Net loss | (34,580 | ) | (19,775 | )
Net loss per common share - basic and diluted:
Net loss per share attributable to common stockholders | (0.01 | ) | (0.01 | )
Weighted-average number of common shares outstanding | 3,000,000 | 3,000,000 The accompanying notes are an integral
part of these interim financial statements F- 3 Zev Ventures, Inc. STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS’ EQUITY (in US Dollars) Common stock | Additional | Accumulated | Total stockholders’
Shares | Amount | paid-in capital | Deficit | Equity
$ | $ | $ | $
Balance at January 1, 2015 | 3,000,000 | - | - | (788 | ) | (788 | )
Loss for the year | - | - | - | (19,775 | ) | (19,775 | )
Balance at December 31, 2015 | 3,000,000 | 300 | - | (20,563 | ) | (20,263 | )
Loss for the year | - | - | - | (34,580 | ) | (34,580 | )
Balance at December 31, 2016 | 3,000,000 | 300 | - | (55,143 | ) | (54,843 | ) The accompanying notes are an integral
part of these interim financial statements. F- 4 Zev Ventures, Inc. STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS (in US Dollars) Year ended December 31, 2016 | Year ended December 31, 2015
$ | $
Cash Flows from Operating Activities
Net loss | (34,580 | ) | (19,775 | )
Changes in operating assets and liabilities
Inventory | 1,406 | (2,866 | )
Account receivable | (1,818 | ) | -
Account payable and accrued expenses | 6,000 | 2,000
(5,588 | ) | (866 | )
Net cash used by operating activities | (28,992 | ) | (20,641 | )
Cash Flows from Investing Activities | - | -
Cash Flows from Financing Activities
Loan from related party | 26,200 | 24,315
Net cash earned from financing activities | 26,200 | 24,315
Increase/ (Decrease) in cash and cash equivalents | (2,792 | ) | 3,674
Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of the year | 5,174 | 1,500
Cash and cash equivalents at end of the year | 2,382 | 5,174 The accompanying notes are an integral
part of these interim financial statements. F- 5 Zev Ventures, Inc. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS NOTE 1 – NATURE OF BUSINESS AND BASIS OF PRESENTATION Zev Ventures Inc. (the “Company”) is a Nevada Corporation,
incorporated under the laws of the State of Nevada on December 22, 2014. The Company's business plan involves purchasing tickets
online for popular sport's events and reselling them through online marketplaces. Basis of Presentation The Company maintains its accounting records on an accrual basis
in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America ("U.S. GAAP"). These financial statements are presented in US dollars. Fiscal Year End The Corporation has adopted a fiscal year end of December 31. NOTE 2 – SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT
ACCOUNTING POLICIES The principal accounting policies are
set out below, these policies have been consistently applied to the period presented, unless otherwise stated: Use of Estimates The preparation of financial statements in conformity with accounting
principles generally accepted in the United States requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported
amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and
the reported amounts or revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates. Going concern The accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming
that the Company will continue as a going concern, which contemplates the realization of assets and the liquidation of liabilities
in the normal course of business. As at September 30, 2016 the Company has a deficit from operations of $55,143 and has not earned
sufficient revenues to cover operating costs and has a working capital deficit of $54,843. The Company intends to fund operations
through equity financing arrangements, which may be insufficient to fund its capital expenditures, working capital and other cash
requirements for the year ending December 31, 2017. The ability of the Company to emerge from the development stage
is dependent upon, among other things, obtaining additional financing to continue operations, and development of its business plan.
In response to these problems, management intends to raise additional funds through public or private placement offerings. These factors, among others, raise substantial doubt about the
Company's ability to continue as a going concern. The accompanying financial statements do not include any adjustments that might
result from the outcome of this uncertainty. Cash and cash equivalents Cash and equivalents include investments with initial maturities
of three months or less. The Company maintains its cash balances at credit-worthy financial institutions that are insured by the
Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation ("FDIC") up to $250,000. Inventory The Company purchases online tickets to sporting events that
are held as inventory. Inventories are presented at the lower of cost or net realizable value and are expensed through cost of
sales when sold. The company plans to utilize the specific identification method of accounting for inventory since each ticket
is identifiable by a unique ticket number and is easy to track from purchase up to sale As at December 31, 2016 the Company has
$1,460 in inventories Property, plant and equipment The Company does not own any property, plant and equipment. F- 6 Accounts Payable and Accrued Expenses Accounts payable and accrued expenses are carried at amortized
cost and represent liabilities for goods and services provided to the Company prior to the end of the financial year that are unpaid
and arise when the Company becomes obliged to make future payments in respect of the purchase of these goods and services. Revenue Recognition The Company recognizes revenue when all of the following have
occurred: persuasive evidence of an agreement with the customer exists, delivery has occurred or services have been rendered, the
selling price is fixed or determinable and collectability of the selling price is reasonably assured. The Company recognizes revenue when the online sale has been
processed as delivery has occurred, the selling price has been determined and proceeds have been collected. Cost of Sales Cost of sales consists of the cost of merchandise sold to customers. Income Taxes Income taxes are accounted for in accordance with ASC Topic
740, "Income Taxes." Under the asset and liability method, deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the
future consequences of differences between the financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their
respective tax bases (temporary differences). Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using tax rates expected to apply
to taxable income in the years in which those temporary differences are recovered or settled. Valuation allowances for deferred
tax assets are established when it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. Earnings per Share The Company computes net loss per share in accordance with ASC
260, "Earnings Per Share" ASC 260 requires presentation of both basic and diluted earnings per share ("EPS")
on the face of the income statement. Basic EPS is calculated by dividing the profit or loss attributable to common shareholders
of the Company by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding during the period. Diluted EPS is determined by adjusting
the profit or loss attributable to common shareholders and the weighted average number of common shares outstanding for the effects
of all potential dilutive common shares, which comprise options granted to employees. As September 30, 2016, the Company had no
potentially dilutive shares. Fair Value of Financial Instruments The Company measures assets and liabilities at fair value based
on an expected exit price as defined by the authoritative guidance on fair value measurements, which represents the amount that
would be received on the sale of an asset or paid to transfer a liability, as the case may be, in an orderly transaction between
market participants. As such, fair value may be based on assumptions that market participants would use in pricing an asset or
liability. The authoritative guidance on fair value measurements establishes a consistent framework for measuring fair value on
either a recurring or nonrecurring basis whereby inputs, used in valuation techniques, are assigned a hierarchical level. The following are the hierarchical levels of inputs to measure
fair value: - Level 1: Quoted prices in active markets for identical instruments; - Level 2: Other significant observable inputs (including quoted
prices in active markets for similar instruments); - Level 3: Significant unobservable inputs (including assumptions
in determining the fair value of certain investments). Recently Adopted Accounting Pronouncements In July 2015, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (“FASB”)
issued ASU No. 2015-11 "Simplifying the Measurement of Inventory"; guidance which requires inventory within the scope
of the standard to be measured at the lower of cost and net realizable value. Previous guidance required inventory to be measured
at the lower of cost or market (where market was defined as replacement cost, with a ceiling of net realizable value and floor
of net realizable value less a normal profit margin). The updated guidance is effective for interim and annual reporting periods
beginning after December 15, 2016, with early adoption permitted. There were various other updates recently issued, none of which
are expected to a have a material impact on the Company’s financial position, results of operations or cash flows. NOTE 3 – LOAN FROM RELATED PARTY December 31, | December 31,
2016 | 2015
$ | $
Loan from related party | 52,503 | 26,303
The above loan is unsecured, bears no interest and has no set terms of repayment. This loan is repayable on demand. F- 7 NOTE 4 – STOCKHOLDER’S DEFICIT Common Stock On December 22, 2014, the Company issued
3,000,000 shares of common stock to the director of the Company at a price of $0.0001 per share, for $300 cash. NOTE 5 – INCOME TAXES The benefit for income taxes for the periods
ended September 30, 2016 and December 31, 2015 differ from the amount which would be expected as a result of applying the statutory
tax rates to the losses before income taxes due primarily to changes in the valuation allowance to fully reserve net deferred tax
assets. Realization of deferred tax assets is dependent
upon sufficient future taxable income during the period that deductible temporary differences and carry-forwards are expected to
be available to reduce taxable income. The components of these differences are
as follows: December 31, | December 31,
2016 | 2015
$ | $
Net tax loss carry-forwards | (34,580 | ) | (19,775 | )
Statutory rate | 15 | % | 15 | %
Expected tax recovery | (5,187 | ) | (2,966 | )
Change in valuation allowance | 5,187 | 2,966
Income tax provision | - | - December 31, | December 31,
2016 | 2015
$ | $
Components of deferred tax assets:
Non capital tax loss carry forwards | 8,271 | 3,084
Less: valuation allowance | (8,271 | ) | (3,084 | )
Net deferred tax asset | - | - The Company has provided a valuation allowance
against the full amount of the deferred tax asset due to management’s uncertainty about its realization. As of December 31,
2016 the Company had approximately $55,143 in tax loss carryforwards that can be utilized future periods to reduce taxable income,
and expire by the year 2036. NOTE 6 – RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS Details of transactions between the Corporation
and related parties are disclosed below. The following entities have been identified
as related parties: Zev Turetsky | Director and greater than 10% stockholder The following transactions were carried
out with related parties: December 31, | December 31,
2016 | 2015
$ | $
Balance sheet:
Loan from related party | 52,503 | 26,303 From time to time, the president and stockholder of the Company
provides advances to the Company for its working capital purposes. These advances bear no interest and are due on demand. NOTE 7 – SUBSEQUENT EVENTS In accordance with ASC 855-10, Company
management reviewed all material events through the date of this report and determined that there are no additional material subsequent
events to report. F- 8 ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS
WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISLOSURE None. ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES Disclosure Controls and Procedures We maintain disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) under the Exchange Act). Disclosure controls and procedures refer to controls and other procedures
designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in the reports we file or submit under the Securities Exchange Act
is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the rules and forms of the SEC and that such
information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer,
as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. As required by Rule 13a-15(e), our management
has carried out an evaluation, with the participation and under the supervision of Zev Turetsky our President and Principal Accounting
Officer, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures, as of September 30, 2016.
Based upon, and as of the date of this evaluation, Zev Turetsky determined that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective
at the reasonable assurance level. Changes in Internal Control over
Financial Reporting During the fiscal quarter ended September
30, 2016, there were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting that has materially affected, or is reasonably
likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION None. PART III ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS
AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE There are no family relationships among
our directors and executive officers. Each director is elected at our annual meeting of shareholders and holds office until the
next annual meeting of shareholders, or until his successor is elected and qualified. Also provided herein are brief descriptions
of the business experience of each director, executive officer and advisor during the past five years and an indication of directorships
held by each director in other companies subject to the reporting requirements under the Federal securities laws. None of our officers
or directors is a party adverse to us or has a material interest adverse to us. Our Board of Directors is comprised of only one
class of director. The following table and text set forth
the names and ages of all directors and executive officers. Name | Age | Position
Zev Turetsky | 26 | Chief Executive Officer, Director, Chairman, Chief Financial Officer, Secretary and Treasurer Zev Turetsky has held the position of Director
since December 22, 2014, and the positions of President, CEO, CFO, Secretary, and Treasurer since December 22, 2014. The person
named above are expected to hold their offices/positions until the next annual meeting of our stockholders. The officer and
director set forth herein is our only officer, director, promoter and control person, as that term is defined in the rules and
regulations promulgated under the Securities and Exchange Act of 1933. Zev Turetsky, the President and Director
of the Company, currently devotes up to 20 hours per week to Company matters. After receiving funding per our business plan, Mr.
Turetsky will continue to devote up 30% of his time (20 hours per week) to manage the affairs of the Company. 7 Involvement in Certain Legal Proceedings No executive officer or director of the
corporation has been the subject of any order, judgment, or decree of any court of competent jurisdiction, or any regulatory agency
permanently or temporarily enjoining, barring, suspending or otherwise limiting him or her from acting as an investment advisor,
underwriter, broker or dealer in the securities industry, or as an affiliated person, director or employee of an investment company,
bank, savings and loan association, or insurance company or from engaging in or continuing any conduct or practice in connection
with any such activity or in connection with the purchase or sale of any securities. No executive officer or director of the
corporation has been convicted in any criminal proceeding (excluding traffic violations) or is the subject of a criminal proceeding
that is currently pending. No executive officer or director of the
corporation is the subject of any pending legal proceedings Committees of the Board of Directors We do not presently have a separately constituted
audit committee, compensation committee, nominating committee, executive committee or any other committee of our Board of Directors.
As such, our entire Board of Directors acts as our audit committee. Audit Committee Financial Expert Our Board of Directors does not currently
have any member who qualifies as an audit committee financial expert. We believe that the cost of retaining such a financial expert
at this time is prohibitive. Further, because we are a development stage business, we believe the services of an audit committee
financial expert are not necessary at this time. Code of Ethics We do not currently have a Code of Ethics
applicable to our principal executive, financial and accounting officers. Potential Conflict of Interest Since we do not have an audit or compensation
committee comprised of independent directors, the functions that would have been performed by such committees are performed by
our Board of Directors. Thus, there is a potential conflict of interest in that our sole director has the authority to determine
issues concerning management compensation, including his own, and audit issues that may affect management decisions. We are not
aware of any other conflicts of interest with any of our officers or sole director. Board of Director’s Role in
Risk Oversight The Board of Directors assesses on an ongoing
basis the risks faced by the Company. These risks include financial, technological, competitive and operational risks. The Board
of Directors dedicates time at each of its meetings to review and consider the relevant risks faced at that time. In addition,
since the Company does not have an Audit Committee, the Board of Directors is also responsible for the assessment and oversight
of the Company’s financial risk exposures. Compliance with Section 16(A) of
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 Section 16(a) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934, as amended, require the Company’s executive officers, directors and persons who own more than 10% of a registered
class of the Company’s equity securities, to file with the SEC initial statements of beneficial ownership, reports of changes
in ownership, and annual reports concerning their ownership of common stock and other equity securities of the Company on Form(s)
3, 4, and 5, respectively. Executive officers, directors and greater than 10% shareholders are required by SEC regulations to furnish
the Company with copies of all Section 16(a) reports they file. Based solely on our review of the copies
of such forms received by us, or written representations from certain reporting persons, we believe that for the fiscal year ended
December 31, 2016 all filing requirements applicable to our officers, directors and greater than 10% percent beneficial owners
were complied with and that there were no deficiencies. ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION The following table sets forth, for each
of the last two completed fiscal years of the Company, the total compensation awarded to, earned by or paid to any person who was
a principal executive officer during the preceding fiscal year and every other highest compensated executive officers earning more
than $100,000 during the last fiscal year (together, the “Named Executive Officers”). 8 Summary Compensation Table Name And Principal Position (a) | Year (b) | Salary (US$) (c) | Bonus (US$) (d) | Stock Awards (US$) (e)* | Option Awards (US$) (f) | Non- Equity Incentive Plan Compensation (US$) (g) | Nonqualified Deferred Compensa- tion Earnings (US$) (h) | All Other Compen- sation (US$) (i) | Total (US$) (j)
Zev Turetsky Chairman, | 2015 | $ | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | $ | 0
CEO and President | 2016 | $ | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | $ | 0 This information includes the dollar value
of base salaries, bonus awards and number of stock options granted, and certain other compensation, if any. The compensation
discussed addresses all compensation awarded to, earned by, or paid to our named executive officer. The following table sets forth information
with respect to compensation paid by us to our directors for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2016. Director Compensation Name (a) | Fees Earned or Paid in Cash (US$) (b) | Stock Awards (US$) (c)* | Option Awards (US$) (d) | Non-Equity Incentive Plan Compensation (US$) (e) | Change in Pension Value and Nonqualified Deferred Compensation Earnings (US$) (f) | All Other Compensation (US$) (g) | Total (US$) (h)
None | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 All compensation received by our officers
and directors has been disclosed. There are no stock option, retirement, pension or profit sharing plans for the benefit of our
officers and directors. Employment Agreements We have not entered into any employment
agreements with any of our officers or directors. As of the date of this Annual Report we had no employees other than those
listed above. All future employment arrangements are subject to the discretion of our Board of Directors. Long-Term Incentive Plan Awards We do not have any long-term incentive
plans that provide compensation intended to serve as incentive for performance. Officer Compensation None. 9 Director Compensation We have no plans to begin paying our directors
any cash compensation until our business becomes operationally profitable. We may, however, reimburse our directors for any out-of-pocket
travel and lodging expenses associated with their attendance of Board meetings. ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN
BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS The following table sets forth information
regarding beneficial ownership as of March 28 th , 2017 by (i) each named executive officer, (ii) each member of our Board
of Directors, (iii) each person deemed to be the beneficial owner of more than five percent (5%) of any class of our common stock,
and (iv) all of our executive officers and directors as a group. Unless otherwise indicated, each person named in the following
table is assumed to have sole voting power and investment power with respect to all shares of our common stock listed as owned
by such person. Name of Beneficial Owner | Shares of Common Stock | Percentage of Class (Common) | Shares of Preferred Stock | Percentage of Class (Preferred)
Officers and Directors
Zev Turetsky | 3,000,000 | 100 | % | -0- | 0 | %
President, CEO, and Director
Five Percent Stockholders
None Securities Authorized for Issuance
Under Equity Compensation Plans None. Changes in Control We are unaware of any contract or other
arrangement that could result in a change of control of the Company. ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND
RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE As of the date of this report, we have
no independent directors or related transactions. Director Independence We are not subject to listing requirements
of any national securities exchange or national securities association and, as a result, we are not at this time required to have
our board comprised of a majority of “independent directors.” ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES
AND SERVICES Audit Fees. The aggregate fees billed in each of the
fiscal years ended December 31, 2016 and 2015 for professional services rendered by the principal accountant for the audit of our
annual financial statements and quarterly review of the financial statements included in our Form 10-K and Form 10-Q, respectively,
or services that are normally provided by the accountant in connection with statutory and regulatory filings or engagements for
those fiscal years were $10,000 and $6,000 respectively. Audit-Related Fees. For each of the fiscal years ended December
31, 2016 and 2015, there were no fees billed for services reasonably related to the performance of the audit or review of the financial
statements outside of those fees disclosed above under “Audit Fees.” 10 Tax Fees. None. All Other Fees. None. Pre-Approval Policies and Procedures. Prior to engaging our accountants to perform
a particular service, our Board of Directors obtains an estimate for the service to be performed. All of the services described
above were approved by the Board of Directors in accordance with its procedures. 11 PART IV ITEM 15. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT
SCHEDULES The following exhibits are filed as part
of this Annual Report. Exhibits: 3.1 | Articles of Incorporation of the Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Form S-1 filed with the SEC on December 29, 2014)*
3.2 | Bylaws of the Registrant*
31.1 | Certification of the Chief Executive and Financial Officer required under Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) of the Exchange Act
32.1 | Certification of the Chief Executive and Financial Officer required under Section 1350 of the Exchange Act * filed as the corresponding exhibit to the
Form S-1 (Registration No. 333-205271) effective as of October 17, 2016 SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of Section
13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the
undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. Zev Ventures, Inc.
Date: March 28, 2017 | By: /s/ Zev Turetsky
Zev Turetsky
Chief Executive Officer 12