S-3 1 ea134187-s3_ondasholdings.htm REGISTRATION STATEMENT As
filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on January 29, 2021 Registration
No. 333- UNITED
STATES SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington,
D.C. 20549 FORM
S-3 REGISTRATION
STATEMENT UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933 ONDAS
HOLDINGS INC. (Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter) Nevada | 47-2615102
(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) | (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 61
Old South Rd., #495, Nantucket,
MA 02554 (888)
350-9994 (Address,
including zip code, and telephone number, of registrant’s principal executive offices ) Eric
A. Brock Chairman
and Chief Executive Officer Ondas
Holdings Inc. 61
Old South Rd., #495, Nantucket, MA 02554 (888)
350-9994 (Name,
address, including zip code, and telephone number, including area code, of agent for service) Copies
of all correspondence to: Michael
Francis, Esq. Christina
C. Russo, Esq. Akerman
LLP 201
East Las Olas Boulevard Suite
1800 Fort
Lauderdale, Florida 33301 Telephone:
(954) 463-2700 Approximate
date of proposed sale to the public: From time to time after this Registration Statement becomes effective. If
the only securities being registered on this Form are being offered pursuant to dividend or interest reinvestment plans, please
check the following box. ☐ If
any of the securities being registered on this Form are to be offered on a delayed or continuous basis pursuant to Rule 415 under
the Securities Act of 1933, other than securities offered only in connection with dividend or interest reinvestment plans, check
the following box. ☒ If
this Form is filed to register additional securities for an offering pursuant to Rule 462(b) under the Securities Act, please
check the following box and list the Securities Act registration number of the earlier effective registration statement for the
same offering. ☐ If
this Form is a post-effective amendment filed pursuant to Rule 462(c) under the Securities Act, check the following box and list
the Securities Act registration statement number of the earlier effective registration statement for the same offering. ☐ If
this Form is a registration statement pursuant to General Instruction I.D. or a post-effective amendment thereto that shall become
effective upon filing with the Commission pursuant to Rule 462(e) under the Securities Act, check the following box. ☐ If
this Form is a post-effective amendment to a registration statement filed pursuant to General Instruction I.D. filed to register
additional securities or additional classes of securities pursuant to Rule 413(b) under the Securities Act, check the following
box. ☐ Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting
company or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of “large accelerated filer,” “accelerated filer,”
“smaller reporting company” and “emerging growth company” in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. Large accelerated filer ☐ | Accelerated filer ☒
Non-accelerated filer ☐ | Smaller reporting company ☒
Emerging growth company ☒ If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for
complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided to Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the Securities Act ☒ CALCULATION
OF REGISTRATION FEE Title of Each Class of Securities To Be Registered (1) | Amount To Be Registered (1) | Proposed Maximum Offering Price Per Security (1)(2) | Proposed Maximum Aggregate Offering Price (1)(2) | Amount of Registration Fee (3)
Common Stock, par value $0.0001 per share
Preferred Stock, par value $0.0001 per share
Debt Securities
Warrants
Units
Total | $ | 150,000,000 | $ | 16,365 (1) | There are being registered hereunder such indeterminate number of shares of Common Stock and preferred stock, such indeterminate principal amount of debt securities, such indeterminate number of units and such indeterminate number of warrants to purchase Common Stock, preferred stock and/or debt securities as may be sold by the registrant from time to time, which together shall have an aggregate initial offering price not to exceed $150,000,000. If any debt securities are issued at an original issue discount, then the offering price of such debt securities shall be in such greater principal amount at maturity as shall result in an aggregate offering price not to exceed $150,000,000. Any securities registered hereunder may be sold separately or as units with the other securities registered hereunder. The proposed maximum offering price per unit will be determined from time to time by the registrant in connection with the issuance by the registrant of the securities registered hereunder. The securities registered hereunder also include such indeterminate number of shares of Common Stock and preferred stock and amount of debt securities as may be issued upon conversion of or exchange for preferred stock or debt securities that provide for conversion or exchange, upon exercise of warrants or pursuant to the antidilution provisions of any such securities. In addition, this registration statement relates to an indeterminate amount of shares of Common Stock that may be issued as a result of stock splits, stock dividends or similar transactions in accordance with Rule 416 under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”). (2) | The proposed maximum aggregate offering price per class of securities will be determined from time to time by the registrant in connection with the issuance by the registrant of the securities registered hereunder and is not specified as to each class of security pursuant to General Instruction II.D. of Form S-3 under the Securities Act. (3) | Calculated pursuant to Rule 457(o) under the Securities Act. The
Registrant hereby amends this registration statement on such date or dates as may be necessary to delay its effective date until
the Registrant shall file a further amendment which specifically states that this registration statement shall thereafter become
effective in accordance with Section 8(a) of the Securities Act of 1933 or until the registration statement becomes effective
on such date as the Commission, acting under Section 8(a), may determine. The
information in this prospectus is not complete and may be changed. We may not sell these securities until the registration statement
filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission is declared effective. This prospectus is not an offer to sell these securities
and it is not soliciting an offer to buy these securities in any state where the offer or sale is not permitted. Subject
to completion, dated January 29, 2021 PRELIMINARY
 PROSPECTUS $150,000,000 Common
Stock Preferred
Stock Debt
Securities Warrants Units This
prospectus relates to the sale from time to time in one or more offerings of up to $150,000,000 of shares of our Common Stock;
shares of our preferred stock, which we may issue in one or more series or classes; debt securities, which we may issue in one
or more series; warrants to purchase our Common Stock, preferred stock or debt securities; and units (collectively referred to
as the “securities”). We
will provide the specific terms of any securities to be offered in one or more supplements to this prospectus. The prospectus
supplements may also add, update or change information contained in this prospectus. This prospectus may not be used to offer
and sell securities unless accompanied by a prospectus supplement. When
securities are offered under this prospectus, we will provide you with a prospectus supplement describing the specific securities
being offered, the manner in which they are being offered, the offering price of the securities and the net proceeds from the
sale of those securities. The securities may be offered separately or together in any combination or as a separate series. You
should carefully read this prospectus and any accompanying prospectus supplement, together with any documents incorporated by
reference herein and therein, before you invest in our securities. We may sell these securities to or through underwriters, to
other purchasers, through dealers or agents or through any combination of these methods, on a continuous or delayed basis. For
additional information on the methods of sale, you should refer to the section titled “Plan of Distribution” in this
prospectus. If any agents or underwriters are involved in the sale of any securities with respect to which this prospectus is
being delivered, the names of such agents or underwriters and any applicable fees, commissions, discounts and over-allotment options
will be set forth in a prospectus supplement. The price to the public of such securities and the net proceeds that we expect to
receive from such sale will also be set forth in a prospectus supplement. Our
Common Stock is traded on The NASDAQ Capital Market under the symbol “ONDS.” On January 28, 2021, the last reported
sale price of our Common Stock on The NASDAQ Capital Market was $12.13. Investing
in our securities involves substantial risks. See “Risk Factors” beginning on page 3 of this prospectus and in
the applicable prospectus supplement, and in any other document incorporated by reference herein or therein, for factors you
should consider before buying any of our securities. Neither
the Securities and Exchange Commission nor any state securities commission has approved or disapproved of these securities or
determined if this prospectus is truthful or complete. Any representation to the contrary is a criminal offense. The
date of this prospectus is , 2021. TABLE
OF CONTENTS PROSPECTUS Page
ABOUT THIS PROSPECTUS | ii
SPECIAL NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS | iii
WE ARE AN EMERGING GROWTH COMPANY | v
PROSPECTUS SUMMARY | 1
RISK FACTORS | 3
USE OF PROCEEDS | 3
DESCRIPTION OF CAPITAL STOCK | 4
DESCRIPTION OF DEBT SECURITIES | 6
DESCRIPTION OF WARRANTS | 16
DESCRIPTION OF UNITS | 18
GLOBAL SECURITIES | 19
PLAN OF DISTRIBUTION | 21
DISCLOSURE OF COMMISSION POSITION ON INDEMNIFICATION FOR SECURITIES ACT LIABILITIES | 24
LEGAL MATTERS | 24
EXPERTS | 24
WHERE YOU CAN FIND ADDITIONAL INFORMATION | 25
INCORPORATION OF CERTAIN INFORMATION BY REFERENCE | 25 i ABOUT
THIS PROSPECTUS This
prospectus is part of a “shelf” registration statement that we have filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission,
or the SEC. By using a shelf registration statement, we may sell, at any time and from time to time in one or more offerings,
any combination of the securities described in this prospectus, up to a total dollar amount of $150,000,000. This prospectus provides
you with a general description of the securities that we may offer. Each time we sell securities, we will provide a prospectus
supplement and attach it to this prospectus. The prospectus supplement will contain more specific information about the terms
of that offering, including the specific amounts, prices and terms of the securities offered. The prospectus supplements may also
add, update or change information contained or incorporated by reference in this prospectus. Any statement that we make in this
prospectus will be modified or superseded by any inconsistent statement made by us in a prospectus supplement. If there is any
inconsistency between the information in this prospectus and the information in the prospectus supplement, you should rely on
the information in the prospectus supplement. This prospectus may not be used to offer or consummate a sale of securities unless
it is accompanied by a prospectus supplement . The
exhibits to the registration statement of which this prospectus is a part contain the full text of certain contracts and other
important documents we have summarized in this prospectus. Because these summaries may not contain all the information that you
may find important in deciding whether to purchase the securities we may offer, you should review the full text of these documents.
The registration statement and the exhibits can be obtained from the SEC as indicated under the heading “Where You Can Find
Additional Information” below. You
should rely only on the information contained or incorporated by reference in this prospectus or any applicable prospectus supplements
filed with the SEC. We have not authorized anyone to provide you with different information and, if you are given any information
or representation about these matters that is not contained or incorporated by reference in this prospectus or a prospectus supplement,
you must not rely on that information. We are not making an offer to sell securities in any jurisdiction where the offer or sale
of such securities is not permitted. Neither
the delivery of this prospectus or any applicable prospectus supplement nor any sale made using this prospectus or any applicable
prospectus supplement implies that there has been no change in our affairs or that the information in this prospectus or in any
applicable prospectus supplement is correct as of any date after their respective dates. You should not assume that the information
in or incorporated by reference in this prospectus or any applicable prospectus supplement prepared by us, is accurate as of any
date other than the date(s) on the front covers of those documents. Our business, financial condition, results of operations and
prospects may have changed since those dates. When
used in this prospectus, the terms “Ondas Holdings,” the “Company,”
“we,” “us,” and “our” refer to Ondas Holdings Inc. and our consolidated subsidiaries, including
our wholly-owned subsidiary, Ondas Networks Inc.; references to “Ondas Networks” refers to our wholly-owned subsidiary,
Ondas Networks Inc. , unless otherwise specified. Unless otherwise stated or indicated by context, the phrase “this
prospectus” refers to the prospectus and any applicable prospectus supplement. ii SPECIAL
NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS This
prospectus includes forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, which
we refer to as the Securities Act, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, which we refer to as the
Exchange Act, that relate to future events or to our future operations or financial performance. Any forward-looking statement
involves known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause our actual results, levels of activity, performance
or achievements to differ materially from any future results, levels of activity, performance or achievements expressed or implied
by such forward-looking statement. Forward-looking statements include statements, other than statements of historical fact, about: ● | our plans to further develop our FullMAX system of wireless base stations; ● | our plans to further develop remote radios; ● | the adoption by our target industries of the new IEEE 802.16s standard for private cellular networks; ● | our future development priorities; ● | our estimates regarding the size of our potential target markets; ● | our expectations about the impact of new accounting standards; ● | our future operations, financial position, revenues, costs, expenses, uses of cash, capital requirements, our need for additional financing or the period for which our existing cash resources will be sufficient to meet our operating requirements; ● | our plans to list our common stock on the Nasdaq and whether an active trading market for our common stock will develop; and ● | our strategies, prospects, plans, expectations, forecasts or objectives. Words
such as, but not limited to, “believe,” “expect,” “anticipate,” “estimate,” “forecast,”
“intend,” “may,” “plan,” “potential,” “predict,” “project,”
“targets,” “likely,” “will,” “would,” “could,” “should,”
“continue,” “scheduled” and similar expressions or phrases, or the negative of those expressions or phrases,
are intended to identify forward-looking statements, although not all forward-looking statements contain these identifying words.
Although we believe that we have a reasonable basis for each forward-looking statement contained in this registration statement,
we caution you that these statements are based on our estimates or projections of the future that are subject to known and unknown
risks and uncertainties and other important factors that may cause our actual results, level of activity, performance, experience
or achievements to differ materially from those expressed or implied by any forward-looking statement. Actual results, level of
activity, performance, experience or achievements may differ materially from those expressed or implied by any forward-looking
statement as a result of various important factors, including our critical accounting policies and risks and uncertainties relating,
to: ● | our ability to obtain additional financing on reasonable terms, or at all; ● | our ability to repay our indebtedness; ● | the accuracy of our estimates regarding expenses, costs, future revenues, uses of cash and capital requirements; ● | any outbreak or worsening of an outbreak of contagious diseases, or other adverse public health developments, could have a material and adverse effect on our business operations, financial condition and results of operations; ● | the market acceptance of our wireless connection products and the IEEE 802.16s standard; iii ● | our ability to develop future generations of our current products; ● | our ability to generate significant revenues and achieve profitability; ● | our ability to successfully commercialize our current and future products, including their rate and degree of market acceptance; ● | our ability to attract and retain key scientific or management personnel and to expand our management team; ● | our ability to establish licensing, collaboration or similar arrangements on favorable terms and our ability to attract collaborators with development, regulatory and commercialization expertise; ● | our ability to manage the growth of our business; ● | expenditures not resulting in commercially successful products; ● | our outreach to global markets; ● | our commercialization, marketing and manufacturing capabilities and strategy; ● | our ability to expand, protect and maintain our intellectual property position; ● | the success of competing third-party products; ● | our ability to fully remediate our identified internal control material weaknesses; ● | regulatory developments in the United States and other countries; and ● | our ability to comply with regulatory requirements relating to our business, and the costs of compliance with those requirements, including those on data privacy and security. iv WE
ARE AN EMERGING GROWTH COMPANY We
qualify as an “emerging growth company” as defined in the Jumpstart our Business Startups Act of 2012, or the JOBS
Act. An emerging growth company may take advantage of reduced reporting and other burdens that are otherwise applicable generally
to public companies. These provisions include (i) a requirement to have only two years of audited financial statements and only
two years of related Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations disclosure, (ii)
an exemption from the auditor attestation requirement in the assessment of our internal control over financial reporting pursuant
to the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, and (iii) an exemption from compliance with the requirements of the Public Company Accounting
Oversight Board regarding the communication of critical audit matters in the auditor’s report on financial statements. We
may take advantage of these provisions until the end of the fiscal year ending after the fifth anniversary of our initial public
offering or such earlier time that we are no longer an emerging growth company and if we do, the information that we provide stockholders
may be different than you might get from other public companies in which you hold equity. We would cease to be an emerging growth
company if we have more than $1.07 billion in annual revenue, have more than $700 million in market value of our shares of common
stock held by non-affiliates, or issue more than $1.0 billion of nonconvertible debt over a three year period. The
JOBS Act permits an “emerging growth company” like us to take advantage of an extended transition period to comply
with new or revised accounting standards applicable to public companies. We have elected not to take advantage of the extended
transition period for complying with new or revised accounting standards. v PROSPECTUS
SUMMARY This
summary highlights information contained elsewhere in this prospectus or the documents incorporated by reference herein. It is
not complete and may not contain all of the information that you should consider before investing in these securities. You should
carefully read the entire prospectus, including the “Risk Factors” section, the documents incorporated by reference
into this prospectus, and any prospectus supplement. Overview Ondas
Networks provides wireless connectivity solutions enabling mission-critical Industrial Internet applications and services. We
refer to these applications as the Mission-Critical Internet of Things (“MC-IoT”). The Company’s wireless networking
products are applicable to a wide range of MC-IoT applications which are most often located at the very edge of large industrial
networks. These applications require secure, real time connectivity with the ability to process large amounts of data at the edge.
Such applications are required in all of the major critical infrastructure markets including rail, electric grids, drones, oil
and gas, and public safety and government, where secure, reliable and fast operational decisions are required in order to improve
efficiency and ensure a high degree of safety and security. We design, develop, manufacture, sell and support FullMAX, our patented,
Software Defined Radio (“SDR”) platform for secure, licensed, private, wide-area broadband networks. Our customers
install FullMAX systems in order to upgrade and expand their legacy wide-area network (“WAN”) infrastructure. Our
MC-IoT intellectual property has been adopted by the Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers (“IEEE”), the
leading worldwide standards body in data networking protocols, and forms the core of the IEEE 802.16s standard. Ondas has taken
a leadership position in IEEE as it relates to wireless networking for industrial markets given that standards-based communications
solutions are preferred by our mission-critical customers and ecosystem partners. As such, management believes this standards-based
approach supports the adoption of the Company’s technology across a burgeoning ecosystem of partners and end markets. Our
FullMAX SDR platform is an important and timely upgrade solution for privately-owned and operated wireless WANs, leveraging Internet
Protocol-based communications to provide more reliability and data capacity for our mission-critical infrastructure customers.
Critical infrastructure markets throughout the globe have reached an inflection point where legacy serial and analog based protocols
and network transport systems no longer meet industry needs. In addition to offering enhanced data throughput, FullMAX is an intelligent
networking platform enabling the adoption of sophisticated operating systems and equipment supporting next-generation MC-IoT applications
over wide field areas. These new MC-IoT applications and related equipment require more processing power at the edge and the efficient
utilization of network capacity and scarce bandwidth resources which can be supported by the “Fog-computing” capability
integrated in our end-to-end network platform. Fog-computing utilizes management software to enable edge compute processing and
data and application prioritization in the field enabling our customers more reliable, real-time operating control of these new,
intelligent MC-IoT equipment and applications at the Edge. USA, Inc. in February 2019, we are making a concerted effort to grow
our cars and light truck categories. We
sell our products and services globally through a direct sales force and value-added sales partners to critical infrastructure
providers including major rail operators, commercial and industrial drone operators, electric and gas utilities, water and wastewater
utilities, oil and gas producers and pipeline operators, and for other critical infrastructure applications in areas such as homeland
security and defense, and transportation. We continue to develop our value-added reseller relationships which today include a
major strategic partnership with Siemens Mobility for the development of new types of wireless connectivity for the North American
Rail. In addition, Ondas and JVCKenwood, a global supplier of Land Mobile Radio (LMR) systems, have jointly responded to a request
from the rail industry for the design and delivery of a next generation data and voice platform. We believe our Siemens’
partnership and our joint effort with JVCKenwood are indicative of the potential for additional Tier 1 partnerships in our other
vertical markets including securing reseller relationships with major suppliers to the worldwide government and homeland security
markets. These partnerships are being driven by the flexibility of our FullMAX software to support legacy industrial protocols
(e.g. Push to Talk Voice, Dial-up Serial Data Communications, and Advanced Train Control System – ATCS) while simultaneously
operating our state of the art MC-IoT protocols. This dual and multi-mode software capability provides major industrial customers
with a seamless migration path to advanced internet-protocol-based networks. Over time, these legacy functions, like Push to Talk
Voice and ATCS, are transformed into just several of many new data applications we can support. 1 Implications
of Being an Emerging Growth Company We
are an “emerging growth company” as defined in the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act of 2012, as amended, or the
JOBS Act. We will remain an emerging growth company until the earlier of (1) December 31, 2021, (2) the last day of the fiscal
year in which we have total annual gross revenue of at least $1.07 billion, (3) the last day of the fiscal year in which we are
deemed to be a “large accelerated filer” as defined in Rule 12b-2 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended,
or the Exchange Act, which would occur if the market value of our common stock held by non-affiliates exceeded $700.0 million
as of the last business day of the second fiscal quarter of such fiscal year or (4) the date on which we have issued more than
$1.0 billion in non-convertible debt securities during the prior three-year period. An emerging growth company may take advantage
of specified reduced reporting requirements and is relieved of certain other significant requirements that are otherwise generally
applicable to public companies. As an emerging growth company, we may present only two years of audited financial statements,
plus unaudited condensed financial statements for any interim period, and related management’s discussion and analysis of
financial condition and results of operations in this prospectus; we may avail ourselves of the exemption from the requirement
to obtain an attestation and report from our auditors on the assessment of our internal control over financial reporting pursuant
to the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, or Sarbanes-Oxley; we may provide reduced disclosure about our executive compensation arrangements;
and we may not require stockholder non-binding advisory votes on executive compensation or golden parachute arrangements. In
addition, under the JOBS Act, an emerging growth company can delay the adoption of certain accounting standards until those standards
would otherwise apply to private companies. We have irrevocably elected not to avail ourselves of this extended transition period,
and, as a result, we will adopt new or revised accounting standards on the relevant dates on which adoption of such standards
is required for other public companies. We
are also a “smaller reporting company” as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act and have elected to take advantage
of certain of the scaled disclosure available to smaller reporting companies. Corporate
History Ondas
Holdings Inc. was originally incorporated in Nevada on December 22, 2014 under the name Zev Ventures Incorporated. On September
28, 2018, we consummated a reverse acquisition transaction to acquire a privately-held company, Ondas Networks Inc., and changed
our name from “Zev Ventures Incorporated” to “Ondas Holdings Inc.” As a result, Ondas Networks Inc. became
our wholly-owned subsidiary. We refer to this transaction as the “Acquisition.” In connection with the closing of
the Acquisition, we discontinued the prior business of Zev Ventures as a reseller of sporting and concert tickets and our sole
business became that of Ondas Networks. Ondas
Networks was originally incorporated in Delaware on February 16, 2006 under the name Full Spectrum Inc. On August 10, 2018, the
name was changed to Ondas Networks Inc. Corporate
Information Our
principal executive offices are located at 61 Old South Rd., #495, Nantucket, MA 02554 and our telephone number is (888) 350-9994.
We maintain a website at www.ondas.com, to which we regularly post copies of our press releases as well as additional information
about us. Our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, or SEC, will be available free of charge through the website
as soon as reasonably practicable after being electronically filed with or furnished to the SEC. Information contained on, or
accessible through, our website does not constitute a part of this prospectus or our other filings with the SEC, and you should
not consider any information contained on, or that can be accessed through, our website as part of this prospectus or in deciding
whether to purchase shares of our common stock. All
brand names or trademarks appearing in this prospectus are the property of their respective holders. Use or display by us of other
parties’ trademarks, trade dress, or products in this prospectus is not intended to, and does not, imply a relationship
with, or endorsements or sponsorship of, us by the trademark or trade dress owners. 2 RISK
FACTORS Investing
in our securities involves significant risks. Before making an investment decision, you should consider carefully the risks, uncertainties
and other factors described in our most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K, as supplemented and updated by subsequent quarterly
reports on Form 10-Q and current reports on Form 8-K that we have filed or will file with the SEC, and in documents which are
incorporated by reference into this prospectus, as well as the risk factors and other information contained in or incorporated
by reference into the applicable prospectus supplement. If
any of these risks were to occur, our business, affairs, prospects, assets, financial condition, results of operations and cash
flow could be materially and adversely affected. If this occurs, the market or trading price of our securities could decline,
and you could lose all or part of your investment. In addition, please read “Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements”
in this prospectus, where we describe additional uncertainties associated with our business and the forward-looking statements
included or incorporated by reference into this prospectus. USE
OF PROCEEDS We
will retain broad discretion over the use of the net proceeds from the sale of the securities offered by this prospectus. Unless
we inform you otherwise in a prospectus supplement, we intend to use the net proceeds of any securities sold under this prospectus
for general corporate purposes. General corporate purposes may include any of the following: ● | funding capital expenditures; ● | repaying debt; ● | paying for possible acquisitions or the expansion of our business; and ● | providing working capital. When
a particular series of securities is offered, the prospectus supplement relating to that offer will set forth our intended use
for the proceeds we receive from the sale of those securities. Pending the application of the net proceeds, we may invest the
proceeds in short-term, interest-bearing instruments or other investment-grade securities. From
time to time, we engage in preliminary discussions and negotiations with various businesses in order to explore the possibility
of an acquisition or investment. However, as of the date of this prospectus, we have not entered into any agreements or arrangements
which would make an acquisition or investment probable under Rule 3-05(a) of Regulation S-X. In addition, as of the date of this
prospectus, we have not entered into any agreements or arrangements for capital expenditures that would be paid for from the proceeds
of this offering. 3 DESCRIPTION
OF CAPITAL STOCK Overview Our
authorized capital stock consists of (i) 116,666,667 shares of common stock, par value $0.0001 per share, after giving effect
to the 1-for-3 reverse stock split of the Company’s authorized and outstanding common stock, effective November 13,
2020 (the “Reverse Stock Split”), and (ii) 10,000,000 shares of preferred stock, par value $0.0001 per share. As
of January 28, 2021, we had 26,637,038 shares of common stock outstanding, after giving effect to the Reverse Stock Split,
and no shares of preferred stock outstanding. The following is a summary of the rights of our common and preferred stock and
some of the provisions of our Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation and Amended and Restated Bylaws, and the Nevada
Revised Statutes (the “NRS”). Because it is only a summary, it does not contain all the information that may be
important to you. For a complete description you should refer to our amended and restated articles of incorporation and our
bylaws, copies of which have been filed as exhibits to the registration statement of which this prospectus is a part, as well
as the relevant provisions of the NRS. Common
Stock The
holders of the Company’s common stock: 1.
Have ratable rights to dividends from funds legally available if and when declared by the Company’s Board of Directors (the
“Board”). 2.
Are entitled to share ratably in all of the Company’s assets available for distribution to holders of common stock upon
liquidation. 3.
Do not have the right to preemptive, subscription or conversion rights and there are no redemption or sinking fund provisions
or rights. 4.
Are entitled to cast one non-cumulative vote for each share held on all matters on which holders of common stock may vote and,
with respect to the election of directors, one non-cumulative vote for each share held for each of the duly nominated directors. The
rights, preferences, and privileges of the holders of common stock may be adversely affected by, the rights of the holders of
any series of Preferred Stock that may be issued by Ondas. Preferred
Stock The
Board may, without further action of the Company’s stockholders, issue shares of Preferred Stock in one or more series,
fix the number of shares, determine or alter for each such series, such voting powers, full or limited, or no voting powers, and
such designation, preferences, and relative, participating, optional, or other rights and such qualifications, limitations, or
restrictions thereof, as shall be stated and expressed in the resolution or resolutions adopted by the Board providing for the
issuance of such shares and as may be permitted under Chapter 78 of the NRS. The
Board may also increase or decrease the number of shares of any series of Preferred Stock subsequent to the issuance of shares
of that series of Preferred Stock, but not below the number of shares of such series of Preferred Stock then outstanding. In case
the number of shares of any series of Preferred Stock shall be decreased in accordance with the foregoing sentence, the shares
constituting such decrease shall resume the status that they had prior to the adoption of the resolution originally fixing the
number of shares of such series of Preferred Stock. The
number of authorized shares of Preferred Stock may be increased or decreased (but not below the number of shares thereof then
outstanding) by the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the voting power of the stock of Ondas entitled to vote thereon,
without a separate vote of the holders of the Preferred Stock, or of any series thereof, unless a vote of any such holders is
required pursuant to the terms of any certificate of designation filed with respect to any series of Preferred Stock. 4 On
August 14, 2020, the Company filed a Certificate of Designation with the State of Nevada to designate 5,000,000 shares of the
Company’s Preferred Stock as Series A Preferred. Shares of Series A Preferred rank pari passu with the Company’s common
stock, except that holders of Series A Preferred shall have certain liquidation preferences as set forth in the Certificate of
Designation and the holders of the Series A Preferred are not entitled to vote on any matters presented to the stockholders of
the Company. The Certificate of Designation became effective on the August 14, 2020. In
connection with the Company’s underwritten public offering of common stock consummated on December 8, 2020, the Company’s
outstanding 2,350,390 shares of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock mandatorily converted into an aggregate of 979,361 shares
of Common Stock. As of January 28, 2021, the Company has no shares of preferred stock outstanding. Nevada
Laws Chapter
78 of the NRS contains a provision governing “Acquisition of Controlling Interest.” This “control share act”
(NRS 78.378 through 78.3793, inclusive) provides generally that any person, individually or in association with others, that acquires
20% or more of the outstanding voting shares of certain Nevada corporations may be denied voting rights with respect to the acquired
shares, unless a majority of the disinterested stockholders of the corporation elects to restore such voting rights in whole or
in part. The control share act will apply to the Company if the Company were to have 200 or more stockholders of record (at least
100 of whom have addresses in Nevada appearing on the Company’s stock ledger) and if the Company does business in the State
of Nevada directly or through an affiliated corporation, unless the Company’s Articles of Incorporation or bylaws in effect
on the tenth day after the acquisition of a controlling interest provide otherwise. The control share act provides that a person,
individually or in association with others, acquires a “controlling interest” when it acquires ownership of outstanding
voting shares that, but for the operation of the control share act, would bring its voting power of the Company in the election
of directors within any of the following three ranges: ● | 20% to 33%; ● | 33% to 50%; and ● | more than 50%. Once
an acquirer crosses one of the above thresholds, shares that it acquired in the transaction taking it over the threshold and within
the 90 days immediately preceding the date when the acquiring person acquired or offered to acquire a controlling interest become
“control shares” to which the voting restrictions described above apply. A corporation may elect to opt-out from the
provisions of the control share act by providing in the articles of incorporation or bylaws that such provisions do not apply
to the corporation. The Company’s Articles of Incorporation and bylaws do not exempt the Company’s common stock from
the control share act. As of the date of this filing, the Company does not have 200 or more stockholders of record and, as a result,
the control share act does not currently apply to the Company. Exclusive
Jurisdiction of Certain Actions Unless
we consent in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the Eighth Judicial District Court of Clark County of the State
of Nevada (the “Court”) shall be the sole and exclusive forum for any stockholder (including a beneficial owner) to
bring (i) any derivative action or proceeding brought on behalf of the Company, (ii) any action asserting a claim of breach of
a fiduciary duty owed by any Director, officer or other employee of the Company to the Company or the Company’s stockholders,
(iii) any action asserting a claim against the Company, any director or the Company’s officers or employees arising pursuant
to any provision of the NRS, Chapters 78 or 92A of the NRS or our Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation or our Bylaws,
or (iv) any action asserting a claim against the Company, any director or the Company’s officers or employees governed by
the internal affairs doctrine. However, each of these clauses (i) through (iv) will not apply to any claim (x) as to which the
Court determines that there is an indispensable party not subject to the jurisdiction of the Court (and the indispensable party
does not consent to the personal jurisdiction of the Court within ten (10) days following such determination), (y) for which the
Court does not have subject matter jurisdiction, or (z) which is vested in the exclusive jurisdiction of a court or forum other
than the Court, including pursuant to Section 27 of the Exchange Act, which provides for exclusive federal jurisdiction over suits
brought to enforce any duty or liability created by the Exchange Act or the rules and regulations thereunder. Furthermore, Section
22 of the Securities Act provides for concurrent jurisdiction for federal and state courts over all suits brought to enforce any
duty or liability created by the Securities Act or the rules and regulations thereunder, and as such the exclusive jurisdiction
clauses set forth above would not apply to such suits. Although
we believe these provisions benefit us by providing increased consistency in the application of Nevada law for the specified types
of actions and proceedings, the provisions may have the effect of discouraging lawsuits against us or our directors and officers.
Any person or entity purchasing or otherwise acquiring any interest in our shares of capital stock shall be deemed to have notice
of and consented to this exclusive forum provision, but will not be deemed to have waived our compliance with the federal securities
laws and the rules and regulations thereunder. Transfer
Agent and Registrar Our
transfer agent and registrar is Globex Transfer, LLC, 780 Deltona Blvd., Suite 202, Deltona, Florida. Its telephone number is
(813) 344-4490. Stock
Exchange Listing Our
common stock is listed on The Nasdaq Stock Market (the “Nasdaq”) under the symbol “ONDS.” 5 DESCRIPTION
OF DEBT SECURITIES The
complete terms of the debt securities will be contained in the indenture and supplemental indenture applicable to the debt securities
unless we are not required under the Trust Indenture Act of 1939, as amended, or the Trust Indenture Act, to issue the debt securities
pursuant to an indenture. These documents have been or will be included or incorporated by reference as exhibits to the registration
statement of which this prospectus is a part. You should read the indenture and supplemental indenture. You should also read the
prospectus supplement, which will contain additional information and which may update or change some of the information below. This
section describes the general terms of the debt securities that we may offer using this prospectus. Further terms of the debt
securities will be stated in the applicable prospectus supplement. The following description and any description of the debt securities
in a prospectus supplement may not be complete and is subject to and qualified in its entirety by reference to the terms of the
applicable indenture and supplemental indenture (to the extent we are required to issue the debt securities pursuant to an indenture)
and form of debt security. General We
may issue debt securities, in one or more series, as either senior or subordinated debt or as senior or subordinated convertible
or exchangeable debt. The senior debt securities will rank equally with any other unsubordinated debt that we may have and may
be secured or unsecured. The subordinated debt securities will be subordinate and junior in right of payment, to the extent and
in the manner described in the instrument governing the debt, to all or some portion of our senior indebtedness. Any convertible
debt securities that we may issue will be convertible into or exchangeable for common stock or other securities of Ondas. Conversion
may be mandatory or at your option and would be at prescribed conversion rates. If
we are required pursuant to the provisions of the Trust Indenture Act, the debt securities will be issued under one or more indentures,
which are contracts between us and an eligible banking institution or other eligible party, as trustee. While the terms we have
summarized below will apply generally to any debt securities that we may offer under this prospectus, we will describe the particular
terms of any debt securities that we may offer, including debt securities that are issued under an indenture, in more detail in
a prospectus supplement. If
required, we will issue the senior debt securities under the senior indenture that we will enter into with the trustee named in
the senior indenture. If required, we will issue the subordinated debt securities under the subordinated indenture that we will
enter into with the trustee named in the subordinated indenture. We have filed forms of these documents as exhibits to the registration
statement of which this prospectus is a part. We use the term “indentures” to refer to both the senior indenture and
the subordinated indenture. The
following summaries of the material provisions of the senior debt securities, the subordinated debt securities and the indentures
(to the extent applicable to a particular issuance of our debt securities) are not complete and are qualified in their entirety
by reference to all of the provisions of the indenture applicable to a particular series of debt securities. You should read the
applicable prospectus supplement that we may authorize to be provided to you related to the series of debt securities being offered
and, to the extent applicable, the complete indentures that contain the terms of the debt securities. Forms of indentures have
been filed as exhibits to the registration statement of which this prospectus is a part, and we will file supplemental indentures
and forms of debt securities containing the terms of the debt securities being offered under indentures as exhibits to the registration
statement of which this prospectus is a part or such supplemental indentures will be incorporated by reference to reports that
we file with the SEC. Except as we may otherwise indicate, the terms of the senior indenture and the subordinated indenture are
identical. The
indentures will be qualified under the Trust Indenture Act. We use the term “indenture trustee” to refer to either
the senior trustee or the subordinated trustee, as applicable. The
indentures do not limit the amount of other debt that we may incur and do not contain financial or similar restrictive covenants.
The indentures do not contain any provision to protect holders of debt securities against a sudden or dramatic decline in our
ability to pay our debt. 6 The
prospectus supplement will describe the debt securities offered and the price or prices at which we will offer the debt securities.
The description will include: ● | the title of the debt securities; ● | whether the debt securities are senior debt securities or subordinated debt securities and, if subordinated debt securities, the related subordination terms; ● | principal amount being offered, and, if a series, the total amount authorized and the total amount outstanding; ● | any limit on the aggregate principal amount of the debt securities or the series of which they are a part; ● | the date or dates on which we must pay the principal; ● | whether the debt securities will be issued with any original issue discount; ● | whether the debt securities are convertible into common stock or other securities or property and, if so, the terms and conditions upon which conversion will be effected, including the initial conversion price or conversion rate and any adjustments thereto and the conversion period; ● | the rate or rates at which the debt securities will bear interest, if any, the date or dates from which interest will accrue, and the dates on which we must pay interest; ● | whether and under what circumstances, if any, we will pay a premium or additional amounts on any debt securities; ● | the place or places where we must pay the principal and any premium or interest on the debt securities; ● | the terms and conditions on which we may redeem or retire any debt security, if at all; ● | any obligation to redeem or repurchase any debt securities, and the terms and conditions on which we must do so; ● | the denominations in which we may issue the debt securities if other than denominations of $1,000 and any integral multiple thereof; ● | the manner in which we will determine the amount of principal of or any premium or interest or additional amounts on the debt securities; ● | the principal amount of the debt securities that we will pay upon declaration of acceleration of their maturity if other than 100%; ● | the amount that will be deemed to be the principal amount for any purpose, including the principal amount that will be due and payable upon any maturity or that will be deemed to be outstanding as of any date; ● | whether the debt securities will be secured or unsecured, and the terms of any secured debt; ● | whether the debt securities are defeasible; ● | if applicable, the terms of any right to convert debt securities into, or exchange debt securities for, shares of common stock or other securities or property; ● | restrictions on transfer, sale or other assignment, if any; ● | our right, if any, to defer payment of interest and the maximum length of any such deferral period; ● | provisions for a sinking fund, purchase or other analogous fund, if any; ● | whether we will issue the debt securities under indentures; ● | whether we will issue the debt securities in the form of one or more global securities and, if so, the respective depositaries for the global securities and the terms of the global securities; ● | any addition to or change in the events of default applicable to the debt securities and any change in the right of the trustee or the holders to declare the principal amount of any of the debt securities due and payable; 7 ● | any addition to or change in the covenants in the indentures, if any, including whether the indenture will restrict our ability or the ability of our subsidiaries to: o | incur additional indebtedness; o | issue additional securities; o | create liens; o | pay dividends or make distributions in respect of our capital shares or the capital shares of our subsidiaries; o | redeem capital shares; o | place restrictions on our subsidiaries’ ability to pay dividends, make distributions or transfer assets; o | make investments or other restricted payments; o | sell or otherwise dispose of assets; o | enter into sale-leaseback transactions; o | engage in transactions with stockholders or affiliates; o | issue or sell shares of our subsidiaries; or o | effect a consolidation or merger; ● | whether the indenture, if any, will require us to maintain any interest coverage, fixed charge, cash flow-based, asset-based or other financial ratios; ● | a discussion of any material United States federal income tax considerations applicable to the debt securities; ● | information describing any book-entry features; ● | procedures for any auction or remarketing, if any; and ● | any other specific terms, preferences, rights or limitations of, or restrictions on, the debt securities, including any events of default that are in addition to those described in this prospectus or any covenants provided with respect to the debt securities that are in addition to those described above, and any terms that may be required by us or advisable under applicable laws or regulations or advisable in connection with the marketing of the debt securities. We
may sell the debt securities at a substantial discount below their stated principal amount. We will describe United States federal
income tax considerations, if any, applicable to debt securities sold at an original issue discount in the prospectus supplement.
An “original issue discount security” is any debt security that provides for an amount less than the principal amount
to be due and payable upon the declaration of acceleration of the maturity under the terms of the applicable indenture. The prospectus
supplement relating to any original issue discount securities will describe the particular provisions relating to acceleration
of the maturity upon the occurrence of an event of default. In addition, we will describe United States federal income tax or
other considerations applicable to any debt securities that are denominated in a currency or unit other than United States dollars
in the prospectus supplement. Conversion
and Exchange Rights The
applicable prospectus supplement will describe, if applicable, the terms on which you may convert debt securities into or exchange
them for common stock or other securities or property. The conversion or exchange may be mandatory or may be at your option. The
prospectus supplement will describe how the number of shares of common stock or other securities or property to be received upon
conversion or exchange would be calculated. Subordination
of Subordinated Debt Securities Unless
the prospectus supplement indicates otherwise, the following provisions will apply to the subordinated debt securities. The indebtedness
underlying the subordinated debt securities will be payable only if all payments due under our senior indebtedness, including
any outstanding senior debt securities, have been made. If we distribute our assets to creditors upon any dissolution, winding-up,
liquidation or reorganization or in bankruptcy, insolvency, receivership or similar proceedings, we must first pay all amounts
due or to become due on all senior indebtedness before we pay the principal of, or any premium or interest on, the subordinated
debt securities. In the event the subordinated debt securities are accelerated because of an event of default, we may not make
any payment on the subordinated debt securities until we have paid all senior indebtedness or the acceleration is rescinded. If
the payment of subordinated debt securities accelerates because of an event of default, we must promptly notify holders of senior
indebtedness of the acceleration. 8 Unless
otherwise indicated in a prospectus supplement, we may not make any payment on the subordinated debt securities if a default in
the payment of the principal of, premium, if any, interest or other obligations, including a default under any repurchase or redemption
obligation, in respect of senior indebtedness occurs and continues beyond any applicable grace period. We may not make any payment
on the subordinated debt securities if any other default occurs and continues with respect to senior indebtedness that permits
holders of the senior indebtedness to accelerate its maturity and the trustee receives a notice of such default from us, a holder
of such senior indebtedness or other person permitted to give such notice. We may not resume payments on the subordinated debt
securities until the defaults are cured or certain periods pass. If
we experience a bankruptcy, dissolution or reorganization, holders of senior indebtedness may receive more, ratably, and holders
of subordinated debt securities may receive less, ratably, than our other creditors. The
indentures in the forms initially filed as exhibits to the registration statement of which this prospectus is a part do not limit
the amount of indebtedness which we may incur, including senior indebtedness or subordinated indebtedness, and do not limit us
from issuing any other debt, including secured debt or unsecured debt. Form,
Exchange and Transfer If
issued, the debt securities will be issued only in fully registered form, without coupons, and, unless otherwise specified in
the prospectus supplement, only in denominations of $1,000 and any integral multiple thereof. The indentures provide that we may
issue debt securities of a series in temporary or permanent global form and as book-entry securities that will be deposited with,
or on behalf of, The Depository Trust Company, or DTC, or another depositary named by us and identified in a prospectus supplement
with respect to that series. We currently anticipate that the debt securities of each series offered and sold pursuant to this
prospectus will be issued as global debt securities as described under “Global Securities” and will trade in book-entry
form only. At
the option of the holder, subject to the terms of the indentures and the limitations applicable to global securities described
in the applicable prospectus supplement, the holder of the debt securities of any series can exchange the debt securities for
other debt securities of the same series, in any authorized denomination and of like tenor and aggregate principal amount. Subject
to the terms of the indentures and the limitations applicable to global securities set forth in the applicable prospectus supplement,
holders of the debt securities may present the debt securities for exchange or for registration of transfer, duly endorsed or
with the form of transfer endorsed thereon duly executed if so required by us or the security registrar, at the office of the
security registrar or at the office of any transfer agent designated by us for this purpose. Unless otherwise provided in the
debt securities that the holder presents for transfer or exchange, we will make no service charge for any registration of transfer
or exchange, but we may require payment of any taxes or other governmental charges. We
will name in the applicable prospectus supplement the security registrar, and any transfer agent in addition to the security registrar,
that we initially designate for any debt securities. We may at any time designate additional transfer agents or rescind the designation
of any transfer agent or approve a change in the office through which any transfer agent acts, except that we will be required
to maintain a transfer agent in each place of payment for the debt securities of each series. If
we elect to redeem the debt securities of any series, we will not be required to: ● | issue, register the transfer or exchange of any debt securities of any series being redeemed in part during a period beginning at the opening of business 15 days before the day of mailing of a notice of redemption of any debt securities that may be selected for redemption and ending at the close of business on the day of the mailing; or ● | register the transfer of or exchange any debt securities so selected for redemption, in whole or in part, except the unredeemed portion of any debt securities we are redeeming in part. 9 Consolidation,
Merger and Sale of Assets Unless
otherwise specified in the prospectus supplement, we may not consolidate with or merge into, or sell, convey, transfer, lease
or otherwise dispose of all or substantially all of our properties and assets to, any person, and shall not permit any other person
to consolidate with or merge into us, unless: ● | either: (i) we are the surviving corporation or (ii) the person formed by or surviving any consolidation, amalgamation or merger or resulting from such conversion (if other than Ondas) or to which such sale, assignment, transfer, conveyance or other disposition has been made, is a corporation, limited liability company or limited partnership organized and validly existing under the laws of the United States, any state of the United States or the District of Columbia and assumes our obligations under the debt securities and under the indentures pursuant to agreements reasonably satisfactory to the indenture trustee; ● | immediately before and after giving pro forma effect to such transaction, no event of default, and no event which, after notice or lapse of time or both, would become an event of default, has occurred and is continuing; and ● | several other conditions, including any additional conditions with respect to any particular debt securities specified in the applicable prospectus supplement, are met. The
terms of any securities that we may offer pursuant to this prospectus may limit our ability to merge or consolidate or otherwise
sell, convey, transfer or otherwise dispose of all or substantially all of our assets, which terms would be set forth in the applicable
prospectus supplement and supplemental indenture. Events
of Default Unless
otherwise specified in the applicable prospectus supplement, it is anticipated that each of the following will constitute an event
of default under the applicable indenture with respect to debt securities of any series: ● | failure to pay principal of or any premium on any debt security of that series when due, whether or not, in the case of subordinated debt securities, such payment is prohibited by the subordination provisions of the subordinated indenture; ● | failure to pay any interest on any debt securities of that series when due, continued for 30 days, whether or not, in the case of subordinated debt securities, such payment is prohibited by the subordination provisions of the subordinated indenture; ● | failure to deposit any sinking fund payment, when due, in respect of any debt security of that series, whether or not, in the case of subordinated debt securities, such deposit is prohibited by the subordination provisions of the subordinated indenture; ● | failure to perform or comply with the provisions described under “—Consolidation, Merger and Sale of Assets”; ● | failure to perform any of our other covenants in such indenture (other than a covenant included in such indenture solely for the benefit of a series other than that series), continued for 60 days after written notice has been given to us by the applicable indenture trustee, or the holders of at least 25% in principal amount of the outstanding debt securities of that series, as provided in such indenture; and ● | certain events of bankruptcy, insolvency or reorganization affecting us or any significant subsidiary. 10 If
an event of default (other than an event of default with respect to Ondas described in the last item listed above) with respect
to the debt securities of any series at the time outstanding occurs and is continuing, either the applicable trustee or the holders
of at least 25% in principal amount of the outstanding debt securities of that series by notice as provided in the applicable
indenture may declare the principal amount of the debt securities of that series (or, in the case of any debt security that is
an original issue discount debt security, such portion of the principal amount of such debt security as may be specified in the
terms of such debt security) to be due and payable immediately, together with any accrued and unpaid interest thereon. If an event
of default with respect to Ondas described in the last item listed above with respect to the debt securities of any series at
the time outstanding occurs, the principal amount of all the debt securities of that series (or, in the case of any such original
issue discount security, such specified amount) will automatically, and without any action by the applicable trustee or any holder,
become immediately due and payable, together with any accrued and unpaid interest thereon. After any such acceleration, but before
a judgment or decree based on acceleration, the holders of a majority in principal amount of the outstanding debt securities of
that series may, under certain circumstances, rescind and annul such acceleration if all events of default, other than the non-payment
of accelerated principal (or other specified amount), have been cured or waived as provided in the applicable Indenture. For information
as to waiver of defaults, see “—Modification and Waiver” below. Subject
to the provisions in the indentures relating to the duties of the trustees in case an event of default has occurred and is continuing,
each trustee will be under no obligation to exercise any of its rights or powers under the applicable indenture at the request
or direction of any of the holders, unless such holders have offered to such trustee reasonable security or indemnity. Subject
to such provisions for the indemnification of the trustees, the holders of a majority in principal amount of the outstanding debt
securities of any series will have the right to direct the time, method and place of conducting any proceeding for any remedy
available to the trustee or exercising any trust or power conferred on the trustee with respect to the debt securities of that
series. No
holder of a debt security of any series will have any right to institute any proceeding with respect to the applicable indenture,
or for the appointment of a receiver or a trustee, or for any other remedy thereunder, unless: ● | such holder has previously given to the trustee under the applicable indenture written notice of a continuing event of default with respect to the debt securities of that series; ● | the holders of not less than 25% in principal amount of the outstanding debt securities of that series have made written request, and such holder or holders have offered reasonable indemnity, to the trustee to institute such proceeding as trustee; and ● | the trustee has failed to institute such proceeding, and has not received from the holders of a majority in principal amount of the outstanding debt securities of that series a direction inconsistent with such request, within 60 days after such notice, request and offer. However,
such limitations do not apply to a suit instituted by a holder of a debt security for the enforcement of payment of the principal
of or any premium or interest on such debt security on or after the applicable due date specified in such debt security. We
will be required to furnish to each trustee annually, within 150 days after the end of each fiscal year, a certificate by certain
of our officers as to whether or not we, to their knowledge, are in default in the performance or observance of any of the terms,
provisions and conditions of the applicable indenture and, if so, specifying all such known defaults. 11 Modification
and Waiver Unless
otherwise specified in the prospectus supplement, modifications and amendments of an indenture may be made by us and the applicable
trustee with the consent of the holders of a majority in principal amount of the outstanding debt securities of each series affected
by such modification or amendment. However, no such modification or amendment may, without the consent of the holder of each outstanding
debt security affected thereby: ● | change the stated maturity of the principal of, or time for payment of any installment of principal of or interest on, any debt security; ● | reduce the principal amount of, or any premium or the rate of interest on, any debt security; ● | reduce the amount of principal of an original issue discount security or any other debt security payable upon acceleration of the maturity thereof; ● | change the place or the coin or currency of payment of principal of, or any premium or interest on, any debt security; ● | impair the right to institute suit for the enforcement of any payment due on any debt security; ● | modify the subordination provisions in the case of subordinated debt securities; ● | reduce the percentage in principal amount of outstanding debt securities of any series, the consent of whose holders is required for modification or amendment of the indenture; ● | reduce the percentage in principal amount of outstanding debt securities of any series necessary for waiver of compliance with certain provisions of the indenture or for waiver of certain defaults; or ● | modify such provisions with respect to modification, amendment or waiver, except to increase any such percentage or to provide that certain other provisions of the indenture cannot be modified or waived without the consent of the holder of each outstanding debt security affected thereby. The
holders of a majority in principal amount of the outstanding debt securities of any series may waive compliance by us with certain
restrictive provisions of the applicable indenture. The holders of a majority in principal amount of the outstanding debt securities
of any series may waive any past default under the applicable indenture, except a default in the payment of principal, premium
or interest and certain covenants and provisions of the indenture which cannot be amended without the consent of the holder of
each outstanding debt security of such series. Each
of the indentures provides that in determining whether the holders of the requisite principal amount of the outstanding debt securities
have given or taken any direction, notice, consent, waiver or other action under such indenture as of any date: ● | the principal amount of an original issue discount security that will be deemed to be outstanding will be the amount of the principal that would be due and payable as of such date upon acceleration of maturity to such date; ● | the principal amount of a debt security denominated in one or more foreign currencies or currency units that will be deemed to be outstanding will be the United States-dollar equivalent, determined as of such date in the manner prescribed for such debt security, of the principal amount of such debt security (or, in the case of an original issue discount security the United States dollar equivalent on the date of original issuance of such security of the amount determined as provided immediately above); and ● | certain debt securities, including those owned by us or any of our other affiliates, will not be deemed to be outstanding. 12 Except
in certain limited circumstances, we will be entitled to set any day as a record date for the purpose of determining the holders
of outstanding debt securities of any series entitled to give or take any direction, notice, consent, waiver or other action under
the applicable indenture, in the manner and subject to the limitations provided in the indenture. In certain limited circumstances,
the trustee will be entitled to set a record date for action by holders. If a record date is set for any action to be taken by
holders of a particular series, only persons who are holders of outstanding debt securities of that series on the record date
may take such action. Optional
Redemption If
specified in the applicable prospectus supplement, we may elect to redeem all or part of the outstanding debt securities of a
series from time to time before the maturity date of the debt securities of that series. Upon such election, we will notify the
indenture trustee of the redemption date and the principal amount of debt securities of the series to be redeemed. If less than
all the debt securities of the series are to be redeemed, the particular debt securities of that series to be redeemed will be
selected by the depositary in accordance with its procedures. The applicable prospectus supplement will specify the redemption
price for the debt securities to be redeemed (or the method of calculating such price), in each case in accordance with the terms
and conditions of those debt securities. Notice
of redemption will be given to each holder of the debt securities to be redeemed not less than 30 nor more than 60 days prior
to the date set for such redemption. This notice will include the following information, as applicable: the redemption date; the
redemption price (or the method of calculating such price); if less than all of the outstanding debt securities of such series
are to be redeemed, the identification (and, in the case of partial redemption, the respective principal amounts) of the particular
debt securities to be redeemed; that on the redemption date the redemption price will become due and payable upon each security
to be redeemed and, if applicable, that interest thereon will cease to accrue after such date; the place or places where such
debt securities are to be surrendered for payment of the redemption price; and that the redemption is for a sinking fund, if such
is the case. Prior
to any redemption date, we will deposit or cause to be deposited with the indenture trustee or with a paying agent (or, if we
are acting as our own paying agent with respect to the debt securities being redeemed, we will segregate and hold in trust as
provided in the applicable indenture) an amount of money sufficient to pay the aggregate redemption price of, and (except if the
redemption date shall be an interest payment date or the debt securities of such series provide otherwise) accrued interest on,
all of the debt securities or the part thereof to be redeemed on that date. On the redemption date, the redemption price will
become due and payable upon all of the debt securities to be redeemed, and interest, if any, on the debt securities to be redeemed
will cease to accrue from and after that date. Upon surrender of any such debt securities for redemption, we will pay those debt
securities surrendered at the redemption price together, if applicable, with accrued interest to the redemption date. Any
debt securities to be redeemed only in part must be surrendered at the office or agency established by us for such purpose, and
we will execute, and the indenture trustee will authenticate and deliver to a holder without service charge, new debt securities
of the same series and of like tenor, of any authorized denominations as requested by that holder, in a principal amount equal
to and in exchange for the unredeemed portion of the debt securities that holder surrenders. 13 Satisfaction
and Discharge Each
indenture will be discharged and will cease to be of further effect as to all outstanding debt securities of any series issued
thereunder, when: ● | either: o | all outstanding debt securities of that series that have been authenticated (except lost, stolen or destroyed debt securities that have been replaced or paid and debt securities for whose payment money has theretofore been deposited in trust and thereafter repaid to us or discharged from such trust) have been delivered to the trustee for cancellation; or o | all outstanding debt securities of that series that have not been delivered to the trustee for cancellation have become due and payable or will become due and payable at their stated maturity within one year or are to be called for redemption within one year under arrangements satisfactory to the trustee; and
in either case we have irrevocably deposited with the trustee as trust funds for such purpose money in an amount sufficient, without
consideration of any reinvestment of interest, to pay and discharge the entire indebtedness of such debt securities not delivered
to the trustee for cancellation, for principal, premium, if any, and accrued interest to the date of such deposit (in the case
of debt securities that have become due and payable) or to the stated maturity or redemption date; ● | we have paid or caused to be paid all other sums payable by us under the indenture with respect to the debt securities of that series; and ● | we have delivered an officer’s certificate and an opinion of counsel to the trustee stating that all conditions precedent to satisfaction and discharge of the indenture with respect to the debt securities of that series have been complied with. Legal
Defeasance and Covenant Defeasance If
and to the extent indicated in the applicable prospectus supplement, we may elect, at our option at any time, to have provisions
of the indentures relating to defeasance and discharge of indebtedness, which we call “legal defeasance,” relating
to defeasance of certain restrictive covenants applied to the debt securities of any series, or to any specified part of a series,
which we call “covenant defeasance.” Legal
Defeasance . The indentures provide that, upon our exercise of our option (if any) to have the provisions relating to legal
defeasance applied to any debt securities, we will be discharged from all our obligations, and, if such debt securities are subordinated
debt securities, the provisions of the subordinated indenture relating to subordination will cease to be effective, with respect
to such debt securities (except for certain obligations to convert, exchange or register the transfer of debt securities, to replace
stolen, lost or mutilated debt securities, to maintain paying agencies and to hold moneys for payment in trust) upon the deposit
in trust for the benefit of the holders of such debt securities of money or United States government obligations, or both, which,
through the payment of principal and interest in respect thereof in accordance with their terms, will provide money in an amount
sufficient to pay the principal of and any premium and interest on such debt securities on the respective stated maturities in
accordance with the terms of the applicable indenture and such debt securities. Such defeasance or discharge may occur only if,
among other things: ● | we have delivered to the applicable trustee an opinion of counsel to the effect that we have received from, or there has been published by, the United States Internal Revenue Service a ruling, or there has been a change in tax law, in either case to the effect that holders of such debt securities will not recognize gain or loss for federal income tax purposes as a result of such deposit and legal defeasance and will be subject to federal income tax on the same amount, in the same manner and at the same times as would have been the case if such deposit and legal defeasance were not to occur; ● | no event of default or event that with the passing of time or the giving of notice, or both, shall constitute an event of default shall have occurred and be continuing at the time of such deposit; ● | such deposit and legal defeasance will not result in a breach or violation of, or constitute a default under, any agreement or instrument (other than the applicable indenture) to which we are a party or by which we are bound; 14 ● | we must deliver to the trustee an officer’s certificate stating that the deposit was not made by us with the intent of preferring the holders of the debt securities over any of our other creditors or with the intent of defeating, hindering, delaying or defrauding any of our other creditors or others; ● | we must deliver to the trustee an officer’s certificate stating that all conditions precedent set forth in the items set forth immediately above and the item set forth immediately below, as applicable, have been complied with; ● | in the case of subordinated debt securities, at the time of such deposit, no default in the payment of all or a portion of principal of (or premium, if any) or interest on any of our senior debt shall have occurred and be continuing, no event of default shall have resulted in the acceleration of any of our senior debt and no other event of default with respect to any of our senior debt shall have occurred and be continuing permitting after notice or the lapse of time, or both, the acceleration thereof: and ● | we have delivered to the trustee an opinion of counsel to the effect that all conditions precedent set forth in first, third or fourth item above have been complied with. Covenant
Defeasance . The indentures provide that, upon our exercise of our option (if any) to have the covenant defeasance provisions
applied to any debt securities, we may omit to comply with certain restrictive covenants (but not to conversion, if applicable),
including those that may be described in the applicable prospectus supplement, the occurrence of certain events of default, which
are described above in the fifth item listed under “Events of Default” above and any that may be described in the
applicable prospectus supplement, will not be deemed to either be or result in an event of default and, if such debt securities
are subordinated debt securities, the provisions of the subordinated indenture relating to subordination will cease to be effective,
in each case with respect to such debt securities. In order to exercise such option, we must deposit, in trust for the benefit
of the holders of such debt securities, money or United States government obligations, or both, which, through the payment of
principal and interest in respect thereof in accordance with their terms, will provide money in an amount sufficient to pay the
principal of and any premium and interest on such debt securities on the respective stated maturities in accordance with the terms
of the applicable indenture and such debt securities. Such covenant defeasance may occur only if we have delivered to the applicable
trustee an opinion of counsel that in effect says that holders of such debt securities will not recognize gain or loss for federal
income tax purposes as a result of such deposit and covenant defeasance and will be subject to federal income tax on the same
amount, in the same manner and at the same times as would have been the case if such deposit and covenant defeasance were not
to occur, and the requirements set forth in the second, third, fourth, fifth, sixth and seventh items above are satisfied. If
we exercise this option with respect to any debt securities and such debt securities were declared due and payable because of
the occurrence of any event of default, the amount of money and United States government obligations so deposited in trust would
be sufficient to pay amounts due on such debt securities at the time of their respective stated maturities but may not be sufficient
to pay amounts due on such debt securities upon any acceleration resulting from such event of default. In such case, we would
remain liable for such payments. Notices We
will mail notices to holders of debt securities at the addresses that appear in the security register. Title We
may treat the person in whose name a debt security is registered as the absolute owner, whether or not such debt security may
be overdue, for the purpose of making payment and for all other purposes. Information
Concerning the Indenture Trustee The
indenture trustee undertakes to perform only those duties as are specifically set forth in the applicable indenture. The indenture
trustee must use the same degree of care as a prudent person would exercise or use in the conduct of his or her own affairs. The
indenture trustee shall be under no obligation to exercise any of the rights or powers vested in it by an indenture at the request
or direction of any of the applicable holders pursuant to such indenture unless such holders shall have offered to the indenture
trustee security or indemnity satisfactory to the trustee against the costs, expenses and liabilities which might be incurred
by it in compliance with such request or direction. 15 Payment
and Paying Agents Unless
otherwise indicated in the applicable prospectus supplement, payment of interest on a debt security on any interest payment date
will be made to the person in whose name such debt security (or one or more predecessor securities) is registered at the close
of business on the regular record date for such interest. Unless
otherwise indicated in the applicable prospectus supplement, principal of and any premium and interest on the debt securities
of a particular series will be payable at the office of such paying agent or paying agents as we may designate for such purpose
from time to time, except that at our option payment of any interest on debt securities in certificated loan may be made by check
mailed to the address of the person entitled thereto as such address appears in the security register. Unless otherwise indicated
in the applicable prospectus supplement, the corporate trust office of the trustee under the senior indenture in The City of New
York will be designated as sole paying agent for payments with respect to senior debt securities of each series, and the corporate
trust office of the trustee under the subordinated indenture in The City of New York will be designated as the sole paying agent
for payment with respect to subordinated debt securities of each series. Any other paying agents initially designated by us for
the debt securities of a particular series will be named in the applicable prospectus supplement. We may at any time designate
additional paying agents or rescind the designation of any paying agent or approve a change in the office through which any paying
agent acts, except that we will be required to maintain a paying agent in each place of payment for the debt securities of a particular
series. All
money paid by us to a paying agent for the payment of the principal of or any premium or interest on any debt security which remain
unclaimed at the end of two years after such principal, premium or interest has become due and payable will be repaid to us, and
the holder of such debt security thereafter may look only to us for payment. Governing
Law The
indentures and the debt securities will be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the state of New York. DESCRIPTION
OF WARRANTS The
complete terms of the warrants will be contained in the applicable warrant agreement and warrant. These documents will be included
or incorporated by reference as exhibits to the registration statement of which this prospectus is a part. You should read the
warrant and warrant agreement. You should also read the prospectus supplement, which will contain additional information and which
may update or change some of the information below. This
section describes the general terms of the warrants to purchase common stock, preferred stock and/or debt securities that we may
offer using this prospectus. Further terms of the warrants will be stated in the applicable prospectus supplement. The following
description and any description of the rights in a prospectus supplement may not be complete and is subject to and qualified in
its entirety by reference to the terms of the warrant and warrant agreement. General We
may issue additional warrants for the purchase of Common Stock, preferred stock and/or debt securities in one or more series.
If we offer warrants, we will describe the terms in a prospectus supplement. Warrants may be offered independently, together with
other securities offered by any prospectus supplement, or through a dividend or other distribution to stockholders and may be
attached to or separate from other securities. Warrants may be issued under a written warrant agreement to be entered into between
us and the holder or beneficial owner, or under a written warrant agreement with a warrant agent specified in a prospectus supplement.
A warrant agent would act solely as our agent in connection with the warrants of a particular series and would not assume any
obligation or relationship of agency or trust for or with any holders or beneficial owners of those warrants. 16 The
following are some of the terms relating to a series of warrants that could be described in a prospectus supplement: ● | title of the warrants; ● | aggregate number of warrants; ● | price or prices at which the warrants will be issued; ● | designation, number, aggregate principal amount, denominations and terms of the securities that may be purchased on exercise of the warrants; ● | date, if any, on and after which the warrants and the debt securities offered with the warrants, if any, will be separately transferable; ● | purchase price for each security purchasable on exercise of the warrants; ● | the terms for changes to or adjustments in the exercise price, if any; ● | dates on which the right to purchase certain securities upon exercise of the warrants will begin and end; ● | minimum or maximum number of securities that may be purchased at any one time upon exercise of the warrants; ● | anti-dilution provisions or other adjustments to the exercise price of the warrants; ● | terms of any right that we may have to redeem the warrants; ● | effect of any merger, consolidation, sale or other transfer of our business on the warrants and the applicable warrant agreement; ● | name and address of the warrant agent, if any; ● | information with respect to book-entry procedures; ● | any material United States federal income tax considerations; and ● | other material terms, including terms relating to transferability, exchange, exercise or amendments of the warrants. Until
any warrants to purchase our securities are exercised, holders of the warrants will not have any rights of holders of the underlying
securities. 17 DESCRIPTION
OF UNITS The
complete terms of the units will be contained in the unit agreement and any document applicable to the securities comprising the
units. These documents will be included or incorporated by reference as exhibits to the registration statement of which this prospectus
is a part. You should read the unit agreement and any related documents. You also should read the prospectus supplement, which
will contain additional information and which may update or change some of the information below. This
section describes the general terms of the units that we may offer using this prospectus. Further terms of the units will be stated
in the applicable prospectus supplement. The following description and any description of the units in a prospectus supplement
may not be complete and is subject to and qualified in its entirety by reference to the terms of any agreement relating to the
units and the related documents applicable to the securities constituting the units. We
may issue units, in one or more series, consisting of any combination of one or more of the other securities described in this
prospectus. If we offer units, we will describe the terms in a prospectus supplement. Units may be issued under a written unit
agreement to be entered into between us and the holder or beneficial owner, or we could issue units under a written unit agreement
with a unit agent specified in a prospectus supplement. A unit agent would act solely as our agent in connection with the units
of a particular series and would not assume any obligation or relationship of agency or trust for or with any holders or beneficial
owners of those units. Each
unit will be issued so that the holder of the unit is also the holder of each security included in the unit. Thus, the holder
of a unit will have the rights and obligations of a holder of each included security. The
following are some of the unit terms that could be described in a prospectus supplement: ● | title of the units; ● | aggregate number of units; ● | price or prices at which the units will be issued; ● | designation and terms of the units and of the securities comprising the units, including whether and under what circumstances those securities may be held or transferred separately; ● | effect of any merger, consolidation, sale or other transfer of our business on the units and the applicable unit agreement; ● | name and address of the unit agent; ● | information with respect to book-entry procedures; ● | any material United States federal income tax considerations; and ● | other material terms, including terms relating to transferability, exchange, exercise or amendments of the units. The
provisions described in this section, as well as those described under “Description of Capital Stock,” “Description
of Debt Securities,” and “Description of Warrants,” will apply to each unit and to any Common Stock, preferred
stock, debt security or warrant included in each unit, respectively. Unless
otherwise provided in the applicable prospectus supplement, the unit agreements will be governed by the laws of the State of New
York. The unit agreement under which a unit is issued may provide that the securities included in the unit may not be held or
transferred separately, at any time or at any time before a specified date. We will file as an exhibit to a filing with the SEC
that is incorporated by reference into this prospectus the forms of the unit agreements containing the terms of the units being
offered. The description of units in any prospectus supplement will not necessarily describe all of the terms of the units in
detail. You should read the applicable unit agreements for a complete description of all of the terms. 18 GLOBAL
SECURITIES Unless
otherwise indicated in the applicable prospectus supplement, securities other than Common Stock will be issued in the form of
one or more global certificates, or “global securities,” registered in the name of a depositary or its nominee. Unless
otherwise indicated in the applicable prospectus supplement, the depositary will be DTC. We expect that DTC’s nominee will
be Cede & Co. Accordingly, we expect Cede & Co. to be the initial registered holder of all securities that are issued
in global form. No person that acquires a beneficial interest in those securities will be entitled to receive a certificate representing
that person’s interest in the securities except as described herein or in the applicable prospectus supplement. Unless and
until definitive securities are issued under the limited circumstances described below, all references to actions by holders of
securities issued in global form will refer to actions taken by DTC upon instructions from its participants, and all references
to payments and notices to holders will refer to payments and notices to DTC or Cede & Co., as the registered holder of these
securities. DTC
is a limited-purpose trust company organized under the New York Banking Law, a “banking organization” within the meaning
of the New York Banking Law, a member of the Federal Reserve System, a “clearing corporation” within the meaning of
the New York Uniform Commercial Code, and a “clearing agency” registered pursuant to the provisions of Section 17A
of the Exchange Act. DTC holds securities that DTC participants deposit with DTC. DTC also facilitates the settlement among DTC
participants of securities transactions, such as transfers and pledges, in deposited securities through electronic computerized
book-entry changes in DTC participants’ accounts, thereby eliminating the need for physical movement of certificates. DTC
participants include securities brokers and dealers, banks, trust companies and clearing corporations, and may include other organizations.
DTC is a wholly owned subsidiary of the Depository Trust & Clearing Company, or DTCC. DTCC, in turn, is owned by a number
of DTC’s participants and subsidiaries of DTCC as well as by other financial companies, including the New York Stock Exchange,
Inc. and the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority, Inc. Indirect access to the DTC system also is available to others such
as banks, brokers, dealers and trust companies that clear through or maintain a custodial relationship with a participant, either
directly or indirectly. The rules applicable to DTC and DTC participants are on file with the SEC. Persons
that are not participants or indirect participants but desire to purchase, sell or otherwise transfer ownership of, or other interests
in, securities may do so only through participants and indirect participants. Under a book-entry format, holders may experience
some delay in their receipt of payments, as such payments will be forwarded by our designated agent to Cede & Co., as nominee
for DTC. DTC will forward such payments to its participants, who will then forward them to indirect participants or holders. Holders
will not be recognized by the relevant registrar, transfer agent, trustee or warrant agent as registered holders of the securities
entitled to the benefits of our Articles of Incorporation or the applicable indenture, warrant agreement, trust agreement or guarantee.
Beneficial owners that are not participants will be permitted to exercise their rights only indirectly through and according to
the procedures of participants and, if applicable, indirect participants. Under
the rules, regulations and procedures creating and affecting DTC and its operations as currently in effect, DTC will be required
to make book-entry transfers of securities among participants and to receive and transmit payments to participants. DTC rules
require participants and indirect participants with which beneficial securities owners have accounts to make book-entry transfers
and receive and transmit payments on behalf of their respective account holders. Because
DTC can act only on behalf of participants, who in turn act only on behalf of participants or indirect participants, and certain
banks, trust companies and other persons approved by it, the ability of a beneficial owner of securities issued in global form
to pledge such securities to persons or entities that do not participate in the DTC system may be limited due to the unavailability
of physical certificates for these securities. We
expect DTC to advise us that DTC will take any action permitted to be taken by a registered holder of any securities under our
Articles of Incorporation or the relevant indenture, warrant agreement, trust agreement or guarantee only at the direction of
one or more participants to whose accounts with DTC such securities are credited. 19 Unless
otherwise indicated in the applicable prospectus supplement, a global security will be exchangeable for the relevant definitive
securities registered in the names of persons other than DTC or its nominee only if: ● | DTC notifies us that it is unwilling or unable to continue as depositary for that global security or if DTC ceases to be a clearing agency registered under the Exchange Act when DTC is required to be so registered; ● | we execute and deliver to the relevant registrar, transfer agent, trustee and/or warrant agent an order complying with the requirements of the applicable indenture, trust agreement or warrant agreement that the global security will be exchangeable for definitive securities in registered form; or ● | there has occurred and is continuing a default in the payment of any amount due in respect of the securities or, in the case of debt securities, an event of default or an event that, with the giving of notice or lapse of time, or both, would constitute an event of default with respect to these debt securities. Any
global security that is exchangeable under the preceding sentence will be exchangeable for securities registered in such names
as DTC directs. Upon
the occurrence of any event described in the preceding paragraph, DTC is generally required to notify all participants of the
availability of definitive securities. Upon DTC surrendering the global security representing the securities and delivery of instructions
for re-registration, the registrar, transfer agent, trustee or warrant agent, as the case may be, will reissue the securities
as definitive securities, and then such persons will recognize the holders of such definitive securities as registered holders
of securities entitled to the benefits of our articles or the relevant indenture trust agreement and/or warrant agreement. Redemption
notices will be sent to Cede & Co. as the registered holder of the global securities. If less than all of a series of securities
are being redeemed, DTC will determine the amount of the interest of each direct participant to be redeemed in accordance with
its then current procedures. Except
as described above, the global security may not be transferred except as a whole by DTC to a nominee of DTC or by a nominee of
DTC to DTC or another nominee of DTC or to a successor depositary we appoint. Except as described above, DTC may not sell, assign,
transfer or otherwise convey any beneficial interest in a global security evidencing all or part of any securities unless the
beneficial interest is in an amount equal to an authorized denomination for these securities. The
information in this section concerning DTC and DTC’s book-entry system has been obtained from sources that we believe to
be accurate, but we assume no responsibility for the accuracy thereof. None of us, any indenture trustee, any depositary, any
rights agent, any registrar and transfer agent or any warrant agent, or any agent of any of them, will have any responsibility
or liability for any aspect of DTC’s or any participant’s records relating to, or for payments made on account of,
beneficial interests in a global security, or for maintaining, supervising or reviewing any records relating to such beneficial
interests. Secondary
trading in notes and debentures of corporate issuers is generally settled in clearing-house or next-day funds. In contrast, beneficial
interests in a global security, in some cases, may trade in the DTC’s same-day funds settlement system, in which secondary
market trading activity in those beneficial interests would be required by DTC to settle in immediately available funds. There
is no assurance as to the effect, if any, that settlement in immediately available funds would have on trading activity in such
beneficial interests. Also, settlement for purchases of beneficial interests in a global security upon the original issuance of
this security may be required to be made in immediately available funds. 20 PLAN
OF DISTRIBUTION We
may sell the securities offered by this prospectus from time to time in one or more transactions, including without limitation: ● | through underwriters or dealers; ● | directly to purchasers; ● | in a rights offering; ● | in “at the market” offerings, within the meaning of Rule 415(a)(4) of the Securities Act to or through a market maker or into an existing trading market on an exchange or otherwise; ● | through agents; ● | in block trades; ● | through a combination of any of these methods; or ● | through any other method permitted by applicable law and described in a prospectus supplement. In
addition, we may issue the securities as a dividend or distribution to our existing stockholders or other security holders. The
prospectus supplement with respect to any offering of securities will include the following information: ● | the terms of the offering; ● | the names of any underwriters or agents; ● | the name or names of any managing underwriter or underwriters; ● | the purchase price or initial public offering price of the securities; ● | the net proceeds from the sale of the securities; ● | any delayed delivery arrangements; ● | any underwriting discounts, commissions and other items constituting underwriters’ compensation; ● | any discounts or concessions allowed or reallowed or paid to dealers; ● | any commissions paid to agents; and ● | any securities exchange on which the securities may be listed. Sale
through Underwriters or Dealers If
underwriters are used in the sale, the underwriters may resell the securities from time to time in one or more transactions, including
negotiated transactions, at a fixed public offering price or at varying prices determined at the time of sale. Underwriters may
offer securities to the public either through underwriting syndicates represented by one or more managing underwriters or directly
by one or more firms acting as underwriters. Unless we inform you otherwise in the applicable prospectus supplement, the obligations
of the underwriters to purchase the securities will be subject to certain conditions, and the underwriters will be obligated to
purchase all of the offered securities if they purchase any of them. The underwriters may change from time to time any initial
public offering price and any discounts or concessions allowed or reallowed or paid to dealers. 21 We
will describe the name or names of any underwriters, dealers or agents and the purchase price of the securities in a prospectus
supplement relating to the securities. In
connection with the sale of the securities, underwriters may receive compensation from us or from purchasers of the securities,
for whom they may act as agents, in the form of discounts, concessions or commissions. Underwriters may sell the securities to
or through dealers, and these dealers may receive compensation in the form of discounts, concessions or commissions from the underwriters
and/or commissions from the purchasers for whom they may act as agents, which is not expected to exceed that customary in the
types of transactions involved. Underwriters, dealers and agents that participate in the distribution of the securities may be
deemed to be underwriters, and any discounts or commissions they receive from us, and any profit on the resale of the securities
they realize may be deemed to be underwriting discounts and commissions, under the Securities Act. The prospectus supplement will
identify any underwriter or agent and will describe any compensation they receive from us. Underwriters
could make sales in privately negotiated transactions and/or any other method permitted by law, including sales deemed to be an
“at-the-market” offering, sales made directly on Nasdaq, the existing trading market for our shares of common stock,
or sales made to or through a market maker other than on an exchange. The name of any such underwriter or agent involved in the
offer and sale of our securities, the amounts underwritten, and the nature of its obligations to take our securities will be described
in the applicable prospectus supplement. Unless
otherwise specified in the prospectus supplement, each series of the securities will be a new issue with no established trading
market, other than our shares of common stock, which are currently listed on Nasdaq. We currently intend to list any shares of
common stock sold pursuant to this prospectus on Nasdaq. We may elect to list any series of preferred stock on an exchange, but
are not obligated to do so. It is possible that one or more underwriters may make a market in a series of the securities, but
underwriters will not be obligated to do so and may discontinue any market making at any time without notice. Therefore, we can
give no assurance about the liquidity of the trading market for any of the securities. Under
agreements we may enter into, we may indemnify underwriters, dealers, and agents who participate in the distribution of the securities
against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act, or contribute with respect to payments that the underwriters,
dealers or agents may be required to make. In
compliance with the guidelines of the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority, Inc. (“FINRA”), the aggregate
maximum discount, commission, agency fees or other items constituting underwriting compensation to be received by any FINRA member
or independent broker-dealer will not exceed 8% of the gross offering proceeds from any offering pursuant to this prospectus and
any applicable prospectus supplement or pricing supplement, as the case may be. To
facilitate the offering of securities, certain persons participating in the offering may engage in transactions that stabilize,
maintain, or otherwise affect the price of the securities. This may include over-allotments or short sales of the securities,
which involve the sale by persons participating in the offering of more securities than we sold to them. In these circumstances,
these persons would cover such over-allotments or short positions by making purchases in the open market or by exercising their
over-allotment option, if any. In addition, these persons may stabilize or maintain the price of the securities by bidding for
or purchasing securities in the open market or by imposing penalty bids, whereby selling concessions allowed to dealers participating
in the offering may be reclaimed if securities sold by them are repurchased in connection with stabilization transactions. The
effect of these transactions may be to stabilize or maintain the market price of the securities at a level above that which might
otherwise prevail in the open market. These transactions may be discontinued at any time. From
time to time, we may engage in transactions with these underwriters, dealers, and agents in the ordinary course of business. 22 Direct
Sales and Sales through Agents We
may sell the securities directly. In this case, no underwriters or agents would be involved. We also may sell the securities through
agents designated by us from time to time. In the applicable prospectus supplement, we will name any agent involved in the offer
or sale of the offered securities, and we will describe any commissions payable to the agent. Unless we inform you otherwise in
the applicable prospectus supplement, any agent will agree to use its reasonable best efforts to solicit purchases for the period
of its appointment. We
may sell the securities directly to institutional investors or others who may be deemed to be underwriters within the meaning
of the Securities Act with respect to any sale of those securities. We will describe the terms of any sales of these securities
in the applicable prospectus supplement. Remarketing
Arrangements Securities
also may be offered and sold, if so indicated in the applicable prospectus supplement, in connection with a remarketing upon their
purchase, in accordance with a redemption or repayment pursuant to their terms, or otherwise, by one or more remarketing firms,
acting as principals for their own accounts or as agents for us. Any remarketing firm will be identified and the terms of its
agreements, if any, with us and its compensation will be described in the applicable prospectus supplement. Delayed
Delivery Contracts If
we so indicate in the applicable prospectus supplement, we may authorize agents, underwriters or dealers to solicit offers from
certain types of institutions to purchase securities from us at the public offering price under delayed delivery contracts. These
contracts would provide for payment and delivery on a specified date in the future. The contracts would be subject only to those
conditions described in the applicable prospectus supplement. The applicable prospectus supplement will describe the commission
payable for solicitation of those contracts. General
Information We
may have agreements with the underwriters, dealers, agents and remarketing firms to indemnify them against certain civil liabilities,
including liabilities under the Securities Act, or to contribute with respect to payments that the underwriters, dealers, agents
or remarketing firms may be required to make. Underwriters, dealers, agents and remarketing firms may be customers of, engage
in transactions with or perform services for us in the ordinary course of their businesses. 23 DISCLOSURE
OF COMMISSION POSITION ON INDEMNIFICATION FOR SECURITIES ACT LIABILITIES Insofar
as indemnification for liabilities arising under the Securities Act may be permitted to directors, officers and controlling persons
of the registrant. The registrant has been advised that in the opinion of the SEC such indemnification is against public policy
as expressed in the Act and is, therefore, unenforceable. In the event that a claim for indemnification against such liabilities
(other than the payment by the registrant of expenses incurred or paid by a director, officer or controlling person of the registrant
in the successful defense of any action, suit or proceeding) is asserted by such director, officer or controlling person in connection
with the securities being registered, the registrant will, unless in the opinion of its counsel the matter has been settled by
controlling precedent, submit to a court of appropriate jurisdiction the question whether such indemnification by it is against
public policy as expressed in the Act and will be governed by the final adjudication of such issue. LEGAL
MATTERS Unless
otherwise indicated in the applicable prospectus supplement, the validity of the securities being offered by this prospectus will
be passed upon by Akerman, LLP, Fort Lauderdale, Florida, and Snell & Wilmer L.L.P., Las Vegas, Nevada. EXPERTS The
consolidated financial statements of Ondas Holdings Inc. as of December 31, 2019 and December 31, 2018 and for the years then
ended incorporated by reference in this prospectus have been so incorporated in reliance on the report of Rosenberg Rich Baker
Berman, P.A., independent registered public accounting firm, incorporated herein by reference, given on the authority of said
firm as experts in auditing and accounting. 24 WHERE
YOU CAN FIND ADDITIONAL INFORMATION We
have filed with the SEC a registration statement on Form S-3 under the Securities Act, and the rules and regulations promulgated
under the Securities Act, with respect to the securities offered under this prospectus. This prospectus, which constitutes a part
of the registration statement, does not contain all of the information contained in the registration statement and the exhibits
and schedules to the registration statement. Many of the contracts and documents described in this prospectus are filed as exhibits
to the registration statements and you may review the full text of these contracts and documents by referring to these exhibits. For
further information with respect to us and the securities offered under this prospectus, reference is made to the registration
statement and its exhibits and schedules. We file reports, including annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q
and current reports on Form 8-K with the SEC. The
SEC maintains an Internet web site that contains reports, proxy and information statements and other information regarding issuers,
including Ondas, that file electronically with the SEC. The SEC’s Internet website address is http://www.sec.gov. Our Internet
website address is http://www.ondas.com. INCORPORATION
OF CERTAIN INFORMATION BY REFERENCE The
SEC allows us to “incorporate by reference” information into this prospectus, which means that we can disclose important
information about us by referring to another document filed separately with the SEC. The information incorporated by reference
is considered to be a part of this prospectus. This prospectus incorporates by reference the documents and reports listed below
other than portions of these documents that are furnished under Item 2.02 or Item 7.01 of a Current Report on Form 8–K: ● | The Annual Report on Form 10–K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2019, filed on March 13, 2020, excluding the historical financial information for the years ended December 31, 2019 and December 31, 2018, including the audited financial statements and accompanying notes, the Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, which are incorporated by reference from the Registration Statement on Form S-1 (No. 333- 249658) filed with the SEC on October 26, 2020, as amended on Forms S-1/A, filed with the SEC on November 18, 2020 , November 19, 2020 , and November 30, 2020 , and declared effective December 3, 2020 (the “Form S-1”), which have been recast to give effect to the Reverse Stock Split; ● | The historical financial information for the years ended December 31, 2019 and 2018, including the audited financial statements and accompanying notes, the Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations included in the Form S-1, which have been recast to give effect to the Reverse Stock Split; ● | Our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2020, filed with the SEC on June 24, 2020 ● | Our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2020, filed with the SEC on August 17, 2020; ● | Our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2020, filed with the SEC on November 6, 2020; ● | The Current Reports on Form 8–K filed on March 30, 2020 , May 7, 2020 , May 14, 2020 , June 3, 2020 , August 17, 2020 , September 1, 2020 , September 11, 2020 , November 13, 2020 , November 16, 2020 , December 8, 2020 , December 16, 2020 , and January 20, 2021 ; and ● | The description of the Company’s common stock contained in the Company’s Registration Statement on Form 8-A , filed with the SEC on November 27, 2018. In
addition, all documents subsequently filed by us pursuant to Sections 13(a), 13(c), 14 and 15(d) of the Exchange Act, shall be
deemed to be incorporated by reference in this prospectus and to be a part hereof from the date of filing of such documents. In
addition, all reports and other documents filed by us pursuant to the Exchange Act after the date of the initial registration
statement and prior to effectiveness of the registration statement shall be deemed to be incorporated by reference into this prospectus.
Any statement contained in a document incorporated or deemed to be incorporated by reference herein shall be deemed to be modified
or superseded for purposes of this prospectus to the extent that a statement contained herein or in any subsequently filed document
that also is or is deemed to be incorporated by reference herein, as the case may be, modifies or supersedes such statement. Any
such statement so modified or superseded shall not be deemed, except as so modified or superseded, to constitute a part of this
prospectus. We
will provide, without charge, to any person, including any beneficial owner, to whom a copy of this prospectus is delivered, upon
oral or written request of such person, a copy of any or all of the documents that have been incorporated by reference in this
prospectus but not delivered with the prospectus, including any exhibits to such documents that are specifically incorporated
by reference in those documents. Please
make your request by writing or telephoning us at the following address or telephone number: Ondas
Holdings Inc. 61
Old South Rd., #495, Nantucket,
MA 02554 (888)
350-9994 25 $150,000,000 Common
Stock Preferred
Stock Debt
Securities Warrants Units PROSPECTUS The
date of this prospectus is __________, 2021 PART
II INFORMATION
NOT REQUIRED IN PROSPECTUS ITEM
14. OTHER EXPENSES OF ISSUANCE AND DISTRIBUTION The
following table sets forth all fees and expenses payable by the registrant in connection with the issuance and distribution of
the securities registered hereby (other than underwriting discounts and commissions). All amounts are estimated. SEC Registration | $ | 16,365
Accounting Fees and Expenses | $ | 3,000
Legal Fees and Expenses | $ | 40,000
Trustee fees and Expenses | $ | *
Miscellaneous Expenses | $ | *
Total | $ | * * | These fees are calculated based on the number of issuances and the amount of securities offered and accordingly cannot be estimated at this time. ITEM
15. INDEMNIFICATION OF DIRECTORS AND OFFICERS Nevada
Revised Statutes provide that: ● | a corporation may indemnify any person who was or is a party or is threatened to be made a party to any threatened, pending or completed action, suit or proceeding, whether civil, criminal, administrative or investigative, except an action by or in the right of the corporation, by reason of the fact that he is or was a director, officer, employee or agent of the corporation, or is or was serving at the request of the corporation as a director, officer, employee or agent of another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise, against expenses, including attorneys’ fees, judgments, fines and amounts paid in settlement actually and reasonably incurred by him in connection with the action, suit or proceeding if he or she acted in good faith and in a manner which he or she reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the corporation, and, with respect to any criminal action or proceeding, had no reasonable cause to believe his or her conduct was unlawful; ● | a corporation may indemnify any person who was or is a party or is threatened to be made a party to any threatened, pending or completed action or suit by or in the right of the corporation to procure a judgment in its favor by reason of the fact that he or she is or was a director, officer, employee or agent of the corporation, or is or was serving at the request of the corporation as a director, officer, employee or agent of another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise against expenses, including amounts paid in settlement and attorneys’ fees actually and reasonably incurred by him or her in connection with the defense or settlement of the action or suit if he or she acted in good faith and in a manner which he or she reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the corporation. Indemnification may not be made for any claim, issue or matter as to which such a person has been adjudged by a court of competent jurisdiction, after exhaustion of all appeals therefrom, to be liable to the corporation or for amounts paid in settlement to the corporation, unless and only to the extent that the court in which the action or suit was brought or other court of competent jurisdiction determines upon application that in view of all the circumstances of the case, the person is fairly and reasonably entitled to indemnity for such expenses as the court deems proper; and ● | to the extent that a director, officer, employee or agent of a corporation has been successful on the merits or otherwise in defense of any action, suit or proceeding, or in defense of any claim, issue or matter therein, the corporation must indemnify him or her against expenses, including attorneys’ fees, actually and reasonably incurred by him or her in connection with the defense. II- 1 Nevada
Revised Statutes provide that we may make any discretionary indemnification only as authorized in the specific case upon a determination
that indemnification of the director, officer, employee or agent is proper in the circumstances. The determination must be made: ● | by the stockholders; ● | by the board of directors by majority vote of a quorum consisting of directors who were not parties to the action, suit or proceeding; ● | if a majority vote of a quorum consisting of directors who were not parties to the action, suit or proceeding so orders, by independent legal counsel in a written opinion; ● | if a quorum consisting of directors who were not parties to the action, suit or proceeding cannot be obtained, by independent legal counsel in a written opinion; or ● | by court order. Nevada
Revised Statutes provide that a corporation may purchase and maintain insurance or make other financial arrangements on behalf
of any person who is or was a director, officer, employee or agent of the corporation, or is or was serving at the request of
the corporation as a director, officer, employee or agent of another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise
for any liability asserted against him and liability and expenses incurred by him in his capacity as a director, officer, employee
or agent, or arising out of his status as such, whether or not the corporation has the authority to indemnify him against such
liability and expenses. We
also maintain a general liability insurance policy, which covers certain liabilities of directors and officers of our company
arising out of claims based on acts or omissions in their capacities as directors or officers. We
have been advised that in the opinion of the SEC, insofar as indemnification for liabilities arising under the Securities Act
may be permitted to our directors, officers and other persons pursuant to the foregoing provisions, or otherwise, such indemnification
is against public policy as expressed in the Securities Act and is therefore unenforceable. In the event a claim for indemnification
against such liabilities (other than payment of expenses incurred or paid by a director or officer in the successful defense of
any action, suit or proceeding) is asserted by such director, officer or other person in connection with the securities being
registered, we will, unless in the opinion of our counsel the matter has been settled by controlling precedent, submit to a court
of appropriate jurisdiction the question of whether such indemnification is against public policy as expressed in the Securities
Act and will be governed by the final adjudication of such issue. Exclusive
Jurisdiction of Certain Actions Unless
we consent in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the Eighth Judicial District Court of Clark County of the State
of Nevada (the “Court”) shall be the sole and exclusive forum for any stockholder (including a beneficial owner) to
bring (i) any derivative action or proceeding brought on behalf of the Company, (ii) any action asserting a claim of breach of
a fiduciary duty owed by any Director, officer or other employee of the Company to the Company or the Company’s stockholders,
(iii) any action asserting a claim against the Company, any director or the Company’s officers or employees arising pursuant
to any provision of the NRS, Chapters 78 or 92A of the NRS or our Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation or our Bylaws,
or (iv) any action asserting a claim against the Company, any director or the Company’s officers or employees governed by
the internal affairs doctrine. However, each of these clauses (i) through (iv) will not apply to any claim (x) as to which the
Court determines that there is an indispensable party not subject to the jurisdiction of the Court (and the indispensable party
does not consent to the personal jurisdiction of the Court within ten (10) days following such determination), (y) for which the
Court does not have subject matter jurisdiction, or (z) which is vested in the exclusive jurisdiction of a court or forum other
than the Court, including pursuant to Section 27 of the Exchange Act, which provides for exclusive federal jurisdiction over suits
brought to enforce any duty or liability created by the Exchange Act or the rules and regulations thereunder. Furthermore, Section
22 of the Securities Act provides for concurrent jurisdiction for federal and state courts over all suits brought to enforce any
duty or liability created by the Securities Act or the rules and regulations thereunder, and as such the exclusive jurisdiction
clauses set forth above would not apply to such suits. Although
we believe these provisions benefit us by providing increased consistency in the application of Nevada law for the specified types
of actions and proceedings, the provisions may have the effect of discouraging lawsuits against us or our directors and officers.
Any person or entity purchasing or otherwise acquiring any interest in our shares of capital stock shall be deemed to have notice
of and consented to this exclusive forum provision, but will not be deemed to have waived our compliance with the federal securities
laws and the rules and regulations thereunder . In
any underwriting agreement we enter into in connection with the sale of common stock being registered hereby, the underwriters
will agree to indemnify, under certain conditions, us, our directors, our officers and persons who control us within the meaning
of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, against certain liabilities. II- 2 ITEM
16. EXHIBITS Exhibit Number | Description
1.1 | Form of Underwriting Agreement for Common Stock*
1.2 | Form of Underwriting Agreement for Preferred Stock*
1.3 | Form of Underwriting Agreement for Units*
1.4 | Form for Underwriting Agreement for Senior and Subordinated Debt Securities*
3.1 | Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation of the Registrant, dated September 28, 2018 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 4, 2018 (File No. 333-205271))
3.5 | Amended and Restated Bylaws of the Registrant, dated September 28, 2018 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit No. 3.2 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 4, 2018 (File No. 333-205271))
4.1 | Specimen Common Stock Certificate
4.2 | Form of Senior Debt Indenture
4.3 | Form of Subordinated Debt Indenture
4.4 | Form of Senior Debt Security*
4.5 | Form of Subordinated Debt Security*
4.6 | Form of Certificate of Designations Creating New Series of Preferred Stock*
4.7 | Form of Specimen Preferred Stock Certificate*
4.8 | Form of Common Stock Warrant Agreement and Warrant Certificate*
4.9 | Form of Preferred Stock Warrant Agreement and Warrant Certificate*
4.10 | Form of Debt Securities Warrant Agreement and Warrant Certificate*
4.11 | Form of Unit Agreement*
5.1 | Opinion of Akerman LLP.
5.2 | Opinion of Snell & Wilmer L.L.P.
12.1 | Statement of Computation of Ratios of Earnings to Fixed Charges and Preferred Stock Dividends*
23.1 | Consent of Akerman LLP (included in Exhibit 5.1).
23.2 | Consent of Snell & Wilmer L.L.P. (included in Exhibit 5.2)
23.3 | Consent of Rosenberg Rich Baker Berman, P.A.
24.1 | Power of Attorney (included with signature page on this Form S-3)
25.1 | Statement of Eligibility of Trustee under the Senior Debt Indenture#
25.2 | Statement of Eligibility of Trustee under the Subordinated Debt Indenture# * | If applicable, to be filed by amendment or by a report filed under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and incorporated herein by reference. # | To be incorporated herein by reference from a subsequent filing in accordance with Section 305(b)(2) of the Trust Indenture Act of 1939. II- 3 ITEM
17. UNDERTAKINGS The
undersigned registrant hereby undertakes: (1)
To file, during any period in which offers or sales are being made, a post-effective amendment to this registration statement: (i)
To include any prospectus required by Section 10(a)(3) of the Securities Act of 1933; (ii)
To reflect in the prospectus any facts or events arising after the effective date of the registration statement (or the most recent
post-effective amendment thereof) which, individually or in the aggregate, represent a fundamental change in the information set
forth in the registration statement. Notwithstanding the foregoing, any increase or decrease in volume of securities offered (if
the total dollar value of securities offered would not exceed that which was registered) and any deviation from the low or high
end of the estimated maximum offering range may be reflected in the form of prospectus filed with the Commission pursuant to Rule
424(b) if, in the aggregate, the changes in volume and price represent no more than a 20 percent change in the maximum aggregate
offering price set forth in the “Calculation of Registration fee” table in the effective registration statement; and (iii)
To include any material information with respect to the plan of distribution not previously disclosed in the registration statement
or any material change to such information in the registration statement; provided,
however, that paragraphs (1)(i), (1)(ii) and (1)(iii) shall not apply if the information required to be included in a post-effective
amendment by those paragraphs is contained in reports filed with or furnished to the Commission by the Registrant pursuant to
Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 that are incorporated by reference in the registration statement,
or is contained in a form of prospectus filed pursuant to Rule 424(b) that is part of the registration statement. (2)
That, for the purpose of determining any liability under the Securities Act of 1933, each such post-effective amendment shall
be deemed to be a new registration statement relating to the securities offered therein, and the offering of such securities at
that time shall be deemed to be the initial bona fide offering thereof. (3)
To remove from registration by means of a post-effective amendment any of the securities being registered which remain unsold
at the termination of the offering. (4)
That, for the purpose of determining liability under the Securities Act of 1933 to any purchaser: (A)
Each prospectus filed by the registrant pursuant to Rule 424(b)(3) shall be deemed to be part of the registration statement as
of the date the filed prospectus was deemed part of and included in the registration statement; and (B)
Each prospectus required to be filed pursuant to Rule 424(b)(2), (b)(5), or (b)(7) as part of a registration statement in reliance
on Rule 430B relating to an offering made pursuant to Rule 415(a)(1)(i), (vii), or (x) for the purpose of providing the information
required by Section 10(a) of the Securities Act of 1933 shall be deemed to be part of and included in the registration statement
as of the earlier of the date such form of prospectus is first used after effectiveness or the date of the first contract of sale
of securities in the offering described in the prospectus. As provided in Rule 430B, for liability purposes of the issuer and
any person that is at that date an underwriter, such date shall be deemed to be a new effective date of the registration statement
relating to the securities in the registration statement to which that prospectus relates, and the offering of such securities
at that time shall be deemed to be the initial bona fide offering thereof. Provided, however, that no statement made in a registration
statement or prospectus that is part of the registration statement or made in a document incorporated or deemed incorporated by
reference into the registration statement or prospectus that is part of the registration statement will, as to a purchaser with
a time of contract of sale prior to such effective date, supersede or modify any statement that was made in the registration statement
or prospectus that was part of the registration statement or made in any such document immediately prior to such effective date. II- 4 (5)
That, for the purpose of determining liability of the registrant under the Securities Act of 1933 to any purchaser in the initial
distribution of the securities, the undersigned registrant undertakes that in a primary offering of securities of the undersigned
registrant pursuant to this registration statement, regardless of the underwriting method used to sell the securities to the purchaser,
if the securities are offered or sold to such purchaser by means of any of the following communications, the undersigned registrant
will be a seller to the purchaser and will be considered to offer or sell such securities to such purchaser: (i)
Any preliminary prospectus or prospectus of the undersigned registrant relating to the offering required to be filed pursuant
to Rule 424; (ii)
Any free writing prospectus relating to the offering prepared by or on behalf of the undersigned registrant or used or referred
to by the undersigned registrant; (iii)
The portion of any other free writing prospectus relating to the offering containing material information about the undersigned
registrant or its securities provided by or on behalf of the undersigned registrant; and (iv)
Any other communication that is an offer in the offering made by the undersigned registrant to the purchaser. (6)
That, for purposes of determining any liability under the Securities Act of 1933, each filing of the registrant’s annual
report pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (and, where applicable, each filing of an employee
benefit plan’s annual report pursuant to Section 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934) that is incorporated by reference
in the registration statement shall be deemed to be a new registration statement relating to the securities offered therein, and
the offering of the securities at that time shall be deemed to be the initial bona fide offering thereof. (7)
That, for purposes of determining any liability under the Securities Act of 1933, the information omitted from the form of prospectus
filed as part of this registration statement in reliance upon Rule 430A and contained in a form of prospectus filed by the registrant
pursuant to Rule 424(b) (1) or (4) or 497(h) under the Securities Act shall be deemed to be part of this registration statement
as of the time it was declared effective. (8)
That, for the purpose of determining any liability under the Securities Act of 1933, each post-effective amendment that contains
a form of prospectus shall be deemed to be a new registration statement relating to the securities offered therein, and the offering
of such securities at that time shall be deemed to be the initial bona fide offering thereof. (9)
To file an application for the purpose of determining the eligibility of the trustee to act under subsection (a) of Section 310
of the Trust Indenture Act in accordance with the rules and regulations prescribed by the Commission under Section 305(b)(2) of
the Act. Insofar
as indemnification for liabilities arising under the Securities Act of 1933 may be permitted to directors, officers or controlling
persons of the Registrant pursuant to the foregoing provisions, or otherwise, the Registrant has been advised that in the opinion
of the Securities and Exchange Commission such indemnification is against public policy as expressed in the Securities Act of
1933 and is, therefore, unenforceable. In the event that a claim for indemnification against such liabilities (other than the
payment by the Registrant of expenses incurred or paid by a director, officer or controlling person of the Registrant in the successful
defense of any action, suit or proceeding) is asserted by such director, officer or controlling person in connection with the
securities being registered, the Registrant will, unless in the opinion of its counsel the matter has been settled by controlling
precedent, submit to a court of appropriate jurisdiction the question whether such indemnification by it is against public policy
as expressed in the Securities Act of 1933 and will be governed by the final adjudication of such issue. II- 5 SIGNATURES Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, the Registrant has duly caused this Registration Statement to be signed on
its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized, in the City of Nantucket, Commonwealth of Massachusetts, on this
29th day of January, 2021. ONDAS HOLDINGS INC.
By: /s/ Eric A. Brock
Eric A. Brock
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer KNOW
ALL MEN BY THESE PRESENTS, that each person whose signature appears below constitutes and appoints Eric A. Brock and Stewart Kantor
and each of them, his or her true and lawful attorneys-in-fact and agents, with full power of substitution and resubstitution,
for him or her and in his or her name, place and stead, in any and all capacities, to sign any and all amendments (including post-effective
amendments) to this Registration Statement, and to file the same, with all exhibits thereto, and other documents in connection
therewith, with the Securities and Exchange Commission, granting unto said attorneys-in-fact and agents, and each of them, full
power and authority to do and perform each and every act and thing requisite and necessary to be done, as fully to all intents
and purposes as he might or could do in person, hereby ratifying and confirming all that said attorneys-in-fact and agents, or
any of them, or his substitute or substitutes, may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, this registration statement has been signed by the following persons, in the
capacities and on the dates indicated. Signature | Title | Date
/s/ Eric A. Brock | Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and Director
Eric A. Brock | (principal executive officer) | January 29, 2021
/s/ Stewart Kantor | President, Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer, Secretary and Director
Stewart Kantor | (principal financial officer and principal accounting officer) | January 29, 2021
/s/ Thomas Bushey
Thomas Bushey | Director | January 29, 2021
/s/ Richard M. Cohen
Richard M. Cohen | Director | January 29, 2021
/s/ Derek R. Reisfield
Derek R. Reisfield | Director | January 29, 2021
/s/ Randall P. Seidl
Randall P. Seidl | Director | January 29, 2021
/s/ Richard H. Silverman
Richard H. Silverman | Director | January 29, 2021
/s/ Jaspreet Sood
Jaspreet Sood | Director | January 29, 2021 II-6