S-3 1 ea192479-s3_ondasholdings.htm REGISTRATION STATEMENT As
filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on February 2, 2024 Registration
No. 333- UNITED
STATES SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington,
D.C. 20549 FORM
S-3 REGISTRATION
STATEMENT UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933 ONDAS
HOLDINGS INC. (Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter) Nevada
(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) 47-2615102
(IRS Employer Identification No.) 53
Brigham Street, Unit 4, Marlborough,
MA 01752 (888)
350-9994 (Address, including zip code, and telephone number,
including area code, of registrant’s principal executive offices ) Eric
A. Brock Chairman
and Chief Executive Officer Ondas
Holdings Inc. 53
Brigham Street, Unit 4, Marlborough,
MA 01752 (888)
350-9994 (Name,
address, including zip code, and telephone number, including area code, of agent for service) Copies
of all correspondence to: Christina
C. Russo, Esq. Akerman
LLP 98
Southeast Seventh Street Suite
1100 Miami,
Florida 33131 Telephone:
(305) 374-5600 Approximate date of commencement
of proposed sale to the public: From time to time, after the effective date of this Registration Statement. If the only securities being
registered on this Form are being offered pursuant to dividend or interest reinvestment plans, please check the following box: ☐ If any of the securities being
registered on this Form are to be offered on a delayed or continuous basis pursuant to Rule 415 under the Securities Act of 1933, other
than securities offered only in connection with dividend or interest reinvestment plans, check the following box: ☒ If this Form is filed to register
additional securities for an offering pursuant to Rule 462(b) under the Securities Act, please check the following box and list the Securities
Act registration statement number of the earlier effective registration statement for the same offering: ☐ If this Form is a post-effective
amendment filed pursuant to Rule 462(c) under the Securities Act, check the following box and list the Securities Act registration statement
number of the earlier effective registration statement for the same offering: ☐ If this Form is a registration
statement pursuant to General Instruction I.D. or a post-effective amendment thereto that shall become effective upon filing with the
Commission pursuant to Rule 462(e) under the Securities Act, check the following box: ☐ If this Form is a post-effective
amendment to a registration statement filed pursuant to General Instruction I.D. filed to register additional securities or additional
classes of securities pursuant to Rule 413(b) under the Securities Act, check the following box: ☐ Indicate by check mark whether
the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company or an emerging
growth company. See the definitions of “large accelerated filer,” “accelerated filer,” “smaller reporting
company” and “emerging growth company” in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act: Large accelerated filer ☐ | Accelerated filer ☐
Non-accelerated filer ☒ | Smaller reporting company ☒
Emerging growth company ☐ If an emerging growth company,
indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial
accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the Securities Act ☐ The
registrant hereby amends this registration statement on such date or dates as may be necessary to delay its effective date until the
registrant shall file a further amendment which specifically states that this registration statement shall thereafter become effective
in accordance with Section 8(a) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended or until the registration statement shall become effective
on such date as the Commission acting pursuant to said Section 8(a), may determine. EXPLANATORY
NOTE We are filing this registration statement with the Securities and Exchange Commission, or the SEC, using a “shelf” registration
process to replace our prior registration statement (File No. 333-252571) registering up to a maximum aggregate offering price of $150,000,000,
that will expire on February 5, 2024, in accordance with applicable SEC regulations (the "Initial Registration Statement"). Under this
shelf registration statement, we may, from time to time, sell any combination of the securities described herein, in one or more offerings,
up to a maximum aggregate offering price of $175,000,000, which represents $150,000,000 under the Initial Registration Statement and an
additional $25,000,000. The
information in this prospectus is not complete and may be changed. We may not sell these securities until the registration statement
filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission is declared effective. This prospectus is not an offer to sell these securities and
it is not soliciting an offer to buy these securities in any state where the offer or sale is not permitted. Subject
to completion, dated February 2, 2024 PRELIMINARY
 PROSPECTUS $175,000,000 Common
Stock Preferred
Stock Debt
Securities Warrants Units This
prospectus relates to the sale from time to time in one or more offerings of up to $175,000,000 of shares of our common stock,
par value $0.0001 (“Common Stock”); shares of our preferred stock, par value $0.0001 (“Preferred Stock”), which
we may issue in one or more series or classes; debt securities, which we may issue in one or more series; warrants to purchase our Common
Stock, Preferred Stock or debt securities; and units (collectively referred to as the “securities”). We
will provide the specific terms of any securities to be offered in one or more supplements to this prospectus. The prospectus supplements
may also add, update or change information contained in this prospectus. This prospectus may not be used to offer and sell securities
unless accompanied by a prospectus supplement. When
securities are offered under this prospectus, we will provide you with a prospectus supplement describing the specific securities being
offered, the manner in which they are being offered, the offering price of the securities and the net proceeds from the sale of those
securities. The securities may be offered separately or together in any combination or as a separate series. You should carefully read
this prospectus and any accompanying prospectus supplement, together with any documents incorporated by reference herein and therein,
before you invest in our securities. We may sell these securities to or through underwriters, to other purchasers, through dealers or
agents or through any combination of these methods, on a continuous or delayed basis. For additional information on the methods of sale,
you should refer to the section titled “Plan of Distribution” in this prospectus. If any agents or underwriters are involved
in the sale of any securities with respect to which this prospectus is being delivered, the names of such agents or underwriters and
any applicable fees, commissions, discounts and over-allotment options will be set forth in a prospectus supplement. The price to the
public of such securities and the net proceeds that we expect to receive from such sale will also be set forth in a prospectus supplement. Our Common Stock is traded on
The NASDAQ Capital Market under the symbol “ONDS.” On February 1, 2024, the last reported sale price of our Common Stock on
The NASDAQ Capital Market was $1.38. Investing
in our securities involves substantial risks. See “Risk Factors” beginning on page 5 of this prospectus and in the applicable
prospectus supplement, and in any other document incorporated by reference herein or therein, for factors you should consider before
buying any of our securities. Neither
the Securities and Exchange Commission nor any state securities commission has approved or disapproved of these securities or determined
if this prospectus is truthful or complete. Any representation to the contrary is a criminal offense. The
date of this prospectus is , 2024. TABLE
OF CONTENTS PROSPECTUS Page
ABOUT THIS PROSPECTUS | ii
SPECIAL NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS | iii
PROSPECTUS SUMMARY | 1
RISK FACTORS | 5
USE OF PROCEEDS | 6
DESCRIPTION OF CAPITAL STOCK | 7
DESCRIPTION OF DEBT SECURITIES | 10
DESCRIPTION OF WARRANTS | 20
DESCRIPTION OF UNITS | 21
GLOBAL SECURITIES | 22
PLAN OF DISTRIBUTION | 24
DISCLOSURE OF COMMISSION POSITION ON INDEMNIFICATION FOR SECURITIES ACT LIABILITIES | 27
LEGAL MATTERS | 28
EXPERTS | 29
WHERE YOU CAN FIND ADDITIONAL INFORMATION | 30
INCORPORATION OF CERTAIN INFORMATION BY REFERENCE | 31 i ABOUT
THIS PROSPECTUS This
prospectus is part of a “shelf” registration statement that we have filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, or
the SEC. By using a shelf registration statement, we may sell, at any time and from time to time in one or more offerings, any combination
of the securities described in this prospectus, up to a total dollar amount of $175,000,000. This prospectus provides you with
a general description of the securities that we may offer. Each time we sell securities, we will provide a prospectus supplement and
attach it to this prospectus. The prospectus supplement will contain more specific information about the terms of that offering, including
the specific amounts, prices and terms of the securities offered. The prospectus supplements may also add, update or change information
contained or incorporated by reference in this prospectus. Any statement that we make in this prospectus will be modified or superseded
by any inconsistent statement made by us in a prospectus supplement. If there is any inconsistency between the information in this prospectus
and the information in the prospectus supplement, you should rely on the information in the prospectus supplement. This prospectus
may not be used to offer or consummate a sale of securities unless it is accompanied by a prospectus supplement . The
exhibits to the registration statement of which this prospectus is a part contain the full text of certain contracts and other important
documents we have summarized in this prospectus. Because these summaries may not contain all the information that you may find important
in deciding whether to purchase the securities we may offer, you should review the full text of these documents. The registration statement
and the exhibits can be obtained from the SEC as indicated under the heading “Where You Can Find Additional Information”
below. You
should rely only on the information contained or incorporated by reference in this prospectus or any applicable prospectus supplements
filed with the SEC. We have not authorized anyone to provide you with different information and, if you are given any information or
representation about these matters that is not contained or incorporated by reference in this prospectus or a prospectus supplement,
you must not rely on that information. We are not making an offer to sell securities in any jurisdiction where the offer or sale of such
securities is not permitted. Neither
the delivery of this prospectus or any applicable prospectus supplement nor any sale made using this prospectus or any applicable prospectus
supplement implies that there has been no change in our affairs or that the information in this prospectus or in any applicable prospectus
supplement is correct as of any date after their respective dates. You should not assume that the information in or incorporated by reference
in this prospectus or any applicable prospectus supplement prepared by us, is accurate as of any date other than the date(s) on the front
covers of those documents. Our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects may have changed since those dates. Unless the context otherwise requires,
all references in this prospectus to “Ondas” “Ondas Holdings” the “Company,” “we,” “us,”
and “our” refer to Ondas Holdings Inc. and our consolidated subsidiaries, Ondas Networks Inc., Ondas Autonomous Holdings Inc.,
Airobotics Ltd. and American Robotics, Inc.; unless otherwise specified, references to “Ondas Networks” refers to Ondas Networks
Inc., references to “OAH” refers to Ondas Autonomous Holdings Inc., references to “Airobotics” refers to Airobotics
Ltd., and references to “American Robotics” refers to American Robotics, Inc. Unless otherwise stated or indicated by context,
the phrase “this prospectus” refers to the prospectus and any applicable prospectus supplement. ii SPECIAL
NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS This
prospectus and the documents incorporated by reference in this prospectus contain “forward-looking statements” within the
meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act and Section 21E of the Exchange Act. These statements, which in some cases, you can identify
by terms such as “may,” “will,” “should,” “could,” “would,” “expects,”
“plans,” “anticipates,” “believes,” “estimates,” “projects,” “predicts,”
“potential” and similar expressions intended to identify forward-looking statements, relate to future events or to our future
operating or financial performance and involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors which may cause our actual results,
performance or achievements to be materially different from any future results, performances or achievements expressed or implied by
the forward-looking statements. These statements include statements regarding our operations, cash flows, financial position and economic
performance including, in particular, future sales, competition and the effect of economic conditions. These statements reflect our current
views with respect to future events and are based on assumptions and subject to risks and uncertainties. Although
we believe that these statements are based upon reasonable assumptions, these statements expressing opinions about future outcomes and
non-historical information are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties, many of which are beyond our control, and reflect future
business decisions that are subject to change and, therefore, there is no assurance that the outcomes expressed in these statements will
be achieved. Some of the assumptions, future results and levels of performance expressed or implied in the forward-looking statements
we have made or may make in the future inevitably will not materialize, and unanticipated events may occur which will affect our results.
Investors are cautioned that forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and actual results or developments may
differ materially from the expectations expressed in forward-looking statements contained herein. Given these uncertainties, you should
not place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements. We discuss many of these risks and uncertainties in greater detail under
“Risk Factors” discussed under the caption “Item 1A. Risk Factors” in Part I of our most recent Annual Report
on Form 10-K or any updates discussed under the caption “Item 1A. Risk Factors” in Part II of our Quarterly Reports on Form
10-Q, together with all of the other information appearing in or incorporated by reference into this prospectus. You should read this
prospectus completely and with the understanding that our actual future results may be materially different from what we expect. We qualify
all of the forward-looking statements in this prospectus by these cautionary statements. We undertake no obligation to publicly update
any forward-looking statement, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as may be required under the
securities laws of the United States. You are advised, however, to consult any additional disclosures we make in our reports filed with
the SEC. iii PROSPECTUS
SUMMARY This
summary highlights information contained elsewhere in this prospectus or the documents incorporated by reference herein. It is not complete
and may not contain all of the information that you should consider before investing in these securities. You should carefully read the
entire prospectus, including the “Risk Factors” section, the documents incorporated by reference into this prospectus, and
any prospectus supplement. Overview Ondas Holdings Inc. is a leading provider of private wireless, drone, and automated data solutions through its subsidiaries Ondas Networks
Inc. (“Ondas Networks”) Ondas Autonomous Holdings Inc., Airobotics Ltd. (“Airobotics”), and American Robotics,
Inc. (“American Robotics” or “AR”). Airobotics is an Israeli-based developer of autonomous drone systems. American
Robotics is a leading developer of highly automated commercial drone systems. Airobotics and American Robotics operate together under
OAH as a separate business unit called Ondas Autonomous Systems. Ondas Networks and Ondas Autonomous Systems together provide users in
rail, energy, mining, agriculture, public safety and critical infrastructure and government markets with improved connectivity, data collection
capabilities, and data collection and information processing capabilities. We operate Ondas Networks and Ondas Autonomous Systems as separate
business segments, and the following is a discussion of each segment. Ondas
Networks Segment Ondas
Networks provides wireless connectivity solutions enabling mission-critical Industrial Internet applications and services. We refer to
these applications as the Mission-Critical Internet of Things (“MC-IoT”). Our wireless networking products are applicable
to a wide range of MC-IoT applications, which are most often located at the very edge of large industrial networks. These applications
require secure, real-time connectivity with the ability to process large amounts of data at the edge of large industrial networks. Such
applications are required in all of the major critical infrastructure markets, including rail, electric grids, drones, oil and gas, and
public safety, homeland security and government, where secure, reliable and fast operational decisions are required in order to improve
efficiency and ensure a high degree of safety and security. We
design, develop, manufacture, sell and support FullMAX, our patented, Software Defined Radio (“SDR”) platform for secure,
licensed, private, wide-area broadband networks. Our customers install FullMAX systems in order to upgrade and expand their legacy wide-area
network infrastructure. Our MC-IoT intellectual property has been adopted by the Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers (“IEEE”),
the leading worldwide standards body in data networking protocols, and forms the core of the IEEE 802.16s standard. Because standards-based
communications solutions are preferred by our mission-critical customers and ecosystem partners, we have taken a leadership position
in IEEE as it relates to wireless networking for industrial markets. As such, management believes this standards-based approach supports
the adoption of our technology across a burgeoning ecosystem of global partners and end markets. Our
software-based FullMAX platform is an important and timely upgrade solution for privately-owned and operated wireless wide-area networks,
leveraging Internet Protocol-based communications to provide more reliability and data capacity for our mission-critical infrastructure
customers. We believe industrial and critical infrastructure markets throughout the globe have reached an inflection point where legacy
serial and analog based protocols and network transport systems no longer meet industry needs. In addition to offering enhanced data
throughput, FullMAX is an intelligent networking platform enabling the adoption of sophisticated operating systems and equipment supporting
next-generation MC-IoT applications over wide field areas. These new MC-IoT applications and related equipment require more processing
power at the edge of large industrial networks and the efficient utilization of network capacity and scarce bandwidth resources which
can be supported by the “Fog-computing” capability integrated in our end-to-end network platform. Fog-computing utilizes
management software to enable edge compute processing and data and application prioritization in the field enabling our customers more
reliable, real-time operating control of these new, intelligent MC-IoT equipment and applications at the edge. 1 Our
Partnership with Siemens Mobility In
April 2020, Ondas Networks entered into a strategic partnership with Siemens Mobility (“Siemens”), a worldwide leader in
seamless, sustainable, reliable and secure transportation solutions for more than 160 years, to both market our FullMAX-based networking
technology and services and to jointly develop wireless communications products for the North American Rail Industry based on Siemens’
Advanced Train Control System (“ATCS”) protocol and our FullMAX MC-IoT platform. We
believe Siemens has both the sales and marketing reach and support to drive our technology to wide scale acceptance across the global
rail market beginning with the North American Class I Railroad market. In the third quarter of 2021 we completed the development of our
first jointly-developed product with Siemens – the dual-mode ATCS/MC-IoT radio systems. Siemens is now marketing and selling these
proprietary systems under the brand name Airlink to our railroad customers. The dual-mode ATCS radio systems support Siemens’ extensive
installed base of ATCS radios as well as offer Siemens’ customers the ability to support a host of new advanced rail applications
utilizing our MC-IoT wireless system. These new applications, including Advanced Grade Crossing Activation and Monitoring, Wayside Inspection,
Railcar Monitoring and next generation signaling and train control systems, are designed to increase railroad productivity, reduce costs
and improve safety. In addition, Siemens markets and sells Ondas Networks’ standalone MC-IoT 802.16 products under the Siemens
Airlink brand. Our
relationship with Siemens has expanded significantly since entering into the partnership both with (i) the wider marketing of our wireless
technology platform and (ii) multiple additional joint-product programs. Siemens has expanded its marketing reach of Ondas Networks products
with identified opportunities in North American Passenger and Transit Rail as well as in European and Asian Rail markets. We believe
our technology has broad potential in these large, newly targeted markets. In
November 2021, Siemens secured its first commercial 900 MHz rail order for a major Class I Railroad in the United States which was delivered
in December 2021. In August 2022, we announced that we had secured an initial volume order from Siemens for the Class I Rail 900 MHz
Network consisting of both ATCS compatible products along with Ondas’ catalog products. In September 2022, we received government
authorization to sell ATCS radios in Canada. In March 2023 the Association of American Railroads (“AAR”) formally announced
that IEEE 802.16 standard would be the wireless platform for the greenfield 900 MHz network. The AAR also confirmed they have agreed
with the Federal Communications Committee to retire the legacy 900 MHs band by September 2025 and that the wireless network in the new
900 MHz band would be substantially built by April 2026. Additional
Critical Markets We
have launched additional initiatives to take our MC-IoT connectivity and ecosystem partnering strategy into other critical infrastructure
markets. In June 2022, we announced the first successful installation of our technology into an Integrated Coastal Surveillance System
(ICSS) in the Caribbean with a global defense contractor. In the fourth quarter of 2022, we received and delivered on a new ICSS order
for the defense contractor to be deployed in India. We expect additional orders from this defense vendor for the ICSS application in
2023. We believe our FullMAX technology’s licensed frequency flexibility, reliability, and long communications range over ocean
surfaces, is broadening the scale of our technology in this emerging market for homeland security. Ondas
Autonomous Systems Segment Our
Ondas Autonomous Systems business unit designs, develops, and markets commercial drone solutions via the Optimus System™ and Scout
System™ (the “Autonomous Drone Platforms”). 2 The
Autonomous Drone Platforms are highly automated, AI-powered drone systems capable of continuous, remote operation and are marketed as
“drone-in-a-box” turnkey data solution services. They are deployed for critical industrial and government applications where
data and information collection and processing are required. These use cases include public safety, security and smart city deployments
where routine, high-resolution automated emergency response, mapping, surveying, and inspection services are highly valued, in addition
to industrial markets such as oil & gas, rail and ports which emphasize security and inspection solutions. The Autonomous Drone Platforms
are typically provided to customers under a Data-as-a-Service (DaaS) business model, while some customers will choose to purchase and
own and operate an Optimus Systems™. American
Robotics and Airobotics have industry leading regulatory successes which include having the first drone system approved by the Federal
Aviation Administration (“FAA”) for automated operation beyond-visual-line-of-sight (BVLOS) without a human operator on-site. In
addition to the Autonomous Drone Platforms, we also offer a counter-drone system called the Raider™. The Raider™ was developed
by Iron Drone Ltd. (“Iron Drone”), an Israeli-based company specializing in the development of autonomous counter-drone systems,
and is deployed by government and enterprise customers to provide security and protect critical infrastructure, assets and people from
the threat of hostile drones. Ondas Holdings acquired the assets of Iron Drone on March 6, 2023. Autonomous
Drone Platforms We
design, develop and manufacture autonomous drone systems, providing high-fidelity, ultra-high-resolution aerial data to enterprise and
government customers. We currently prioritize the marketing of our Optimus System™ which provides customers with a turnkey data
and information solution and the ability to continuously digitize, analyze, and monitor their assets and field operations in real-time
or near real-time. We believe the market opportunity for our Scout System™ remains significant. As we drive market adoption with
the Optimus platform, we anticipate re-introducing the Scout platform including newly enhanced versions to help segment the market for
different use cases and price points. The
Optimus System™ has been designed from the ground up as an end-to-end product capable of continuous unattended operations in the
real world. Powered by innovations in robotics automation, machine vision, edge computing, and AI. Once installed in the field at customer
locations, a fleet of connected Optimus Systems™, which are often deployed as networked drone infrastructure, which we refer to
as Urban Drone Infrastructure, remains indefinitely positioned in an area of operation, automatically collecting and seamlessly delivering
data and information regularly and reliably. We
market the Optimus System™ under a DaaS business model, whereby our drone platform aggregates customer data and provides the data
analytics meeting customer requirements in return for an annual subscription fee. Some customers purchase Optimus Systems™ to own
and operate themselves. We also engage distributors to assist in the sales and marketing of our Optimus System™ in geographic markets
where it is more cost effective to identify and service potential customers by engaging local third parties. These distribution agreements
can include joint ventures, where Ondas Autonomous Systems will provide technical expertise to support the joint venture partner in the
provision of aerial data services to customers. 3 The
Optimus System™ consists of (i) Optimus™, a highly automated, AI-powered drone with advanced imaging payloads, (ii) the Airbase™,
a ruggedized weatherproof base station for housing, battery swapping, battery charging, payload swapping, data processing, and cloud
transfer, and (iii) Insightful™, a secure web portal and API which enables remote interaction with the system, data, and resulting
analytics anywhere in the world. These major subsystems are connected via a host of supporting technologies. Airbase™ has internal
robotic systems that enable the automated swapping of batteries and payloads. Automated battery swapping allows for 24/7 operation of
Optimus as the Optimus drone can immediately be redeployed after returning to the dock for a battery swap. Similarly, the ability to
autonomously swap sensors and advanced payloads without human intervention allows for the Optimus System to provide multiple applications
and use cases from a single location. American
Robotics and Airobotics have industry leading regulatory successes which include having the first drone system approved by the FAA for
automated operation BVLOS without a human operator or visual observer on-site. American Robotics’ FAA approvals were enabled by
integrating a suite of proprietary technologies, including Detect-and-Avoid (“DAA”) and other proprietary intelligent safety
systems into its autonomous drone platform, which we plan to integrate into the Optimus System™. Airobotics is in the advanced
stages of receiving approval for Type Certification (“TC”) from the FAA for the Optimus UAV. TC approval will enable expanded
operation for the Optimus System™ in the United States including flight operations in populated areas. The
Raider™ The
Raider™ is a counter-drone system, which was designed and developed by Iron Drone, that we are marketing to government and enterprise
customers who can utilize the system for security and the protection of critical infrastructure, assets and people from the threat of
hostile drones. A typical Raider™ deployment location would include sensitive locations such as borders, stadiums or schools, or
near critical assets such as power plants and military bases, and for high profile locations such as amusement parks or where public
events are held. The
Raider™ is designed to detect, track and intercept unauthorized, or hostile unmanned aircraft and is most often sold with three
small UAVs that are housed in a docking station. The Raider UAV has live video capability and a payload containing a net that can be
deployed to intercept a hostile drone. Upon detection of an unauthorized drone, one or more Raider™ UAVs can be autonomously deployed
at high speeds to track the unauthorized aircraft. If the unauthorized aircraft is deemed hostile, the Raider™ UAV can deploy the
netting to physically intercept the aircraft. A parachute integrated with the netting allows the intercepted drone to safely fall to
the ground for collection by our customer. Corporate Information Ondas’ corporate headquarters are located in Marlborough, Massachusetts.
Ondas Networks has offices and facilities in Sunnyvale, California, American Robotics’ offices and facilities are located in Marlborough,
Massachusetts, and Airobotics’ offices and facilities are located in Petah Tikva, Israel. Our
telephone number is (888) 350-9994 and out Internet website is www.ondas.com. The information on our
website is not a part of, or incorporated in, this prospectus. 4 RISK
FACTORS Investing
in our securities involves significant risks. Before making an investment decision, you should consider carefully the risks, uncertainties
and other factors described in our most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K, as supplemented and updated by subsequent quarterly reports
on Form 10-Q and current reports on Form 8-K that we have filed or will file with the SEC, and in documents which are incorporated by
reference into this prospectus, as well as the risk factors and other information contained in or incorporated by reference into the
applicable prospectus supplement. If
any of these risks were to occur, our business, affairs, prospects, assets, financial condition, results of operations and cash flow
could be materially and adversely affected. If this occurs, the market or trading price of our securities could decline, and you could
lose all or part of your investment. In addition, please read “Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements” in this
prospectus, where we describe additional uncertainties associated with our business and the forward-looking statements included or incorporated
by reference into this prospectus. 5 USE
OF PROCEEDS We
will retain broad discretion over the use of the net proceeds from the sale of the securities offered by this prospectus. Unless we inform
you otherwise in a prospectus supplement, we intend to use the net proceeds of any securities sold under this prospectus for general
corporate purposes. General corporate purposes may include any of the following: ● | funding capital expenditures; ● | repaying debt; ● | paying for possible acquisitions or the expansion of our business; and ● | providing working capital. When
a particular series of securities is offered, the prospectus supplement relating to that offer will set forth our intended use for the
proceeds we receive from the sale of those securities. Pending the application of the net proceeds, we may invest the proceeds in short-term,
interest-bearing instruments or other investment-grade securities. From
time to time, we engage in preliminary discussions and negotiations with various businesses in order to explore the possibility of an
acquisition or investment. However, as of the date of this prospectus, we have not entered into any agreements or arrangements which
would make an acquisition or investment probable under Rule 3-05(a) of Regulation S-X. In addition, as of the date of this prospectus,
we have not entered into any agreements or arrangements for capital expenditures that would be paid for from the proceeds of this offering. 6 DESCRIPTION
OF CAPITAL STOCK Overview Our
authorized capital stock consists of (i) 300,000,000 shares of common stock, par value $0.0001 per share, and (ii) 10,000,000 shares
of preferred stock, par value $0.0001 per share, of which 5,000,000 shares are designated as Series A Preferred and 5,000,000 shares
are non-designated (“blank check”) shares. As of January 30, 2024, we had 61,945,413 shares of common stock outstanding
and no shares of preferred stock outstanding. The following is a summary of the rights of our common and preferred stock and some of
the provisions of our Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation and Amended and Restated Bylaws, and the Nevada Revised Statutes
(the “NRS”). Because it is only a summary, it does not contain all the information that may be important to you. For a complete
description you should refer to our amended and restated articles of incorporation and our bylaws, copies of which have been filed as
exhibits to the registration statement of which this prospectus is a part, as well as the relevant provisions of the NRS. Common
Stock The
holders of the Company’s Common Stock: 1.
Have ratable rights to dividends from funds legally available if and when declared by the Company’s Board of Directors (the “Board”). 2.
Are entitled to share ratably in all of the Company’s assets available for distribution to holders of Common Stock upon liquidation. 3.
Do not have the right to preemptive, subscription or conversion rights and there are no redemption or sinking fund provisions or rights. 4.
Are entitled to cast one non-cumulative vote for each share held on all matters on which holders of Common Stock may vote and, with respect
to the election of directors, one non-cumulative vote for each share held for each of the duly nominated directors. The
rights, preferences, and privileges of the holders of Common Stock may be adversely affected by, the rights of the holders of any series
of Preferred Stock that may be issued by Ondas. Preferred
Stock The
Board may, without further action of the Company’s stockholders, issue shares of Preferred Stock in one or more series, fix the
number of shares, determine or alter for each such series, such voting powers, full or limited, or no voting powers, and such designation,
preferences, and relative, participating, optional, or other rights and such qualifications, limitations, or restrictions thereof, as
shall be stated and expressed in the resolution or resolutions adopted by the Board providing for the issuance of such shares and as
may be permitted under Chapter 78 of the NRS. The
Board may also increase or decrease the number of shares of any series of Preferred Stock subsequent to the issuance of shares of that
series of Preferred Stock, but not below the number of shares of such series of Preferred Stock then outstanding. In case the number
of shares of any series of Preferred Stock shall be decreased in accordance with the foregoing sentence, the shares constituting such
decrease shall resume the status that they had prior to the adoption of the resolution originally fixing the number of shares of such
series of Preferred Stock. The
number of authorized shares of Preferred Stock may be increased or decreased (but not below the number of shares thereof then outstanding)
by the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the voting power of the stock of Ondas entitled to vote thereon, without a separate
vote of the holders of the Preferred Stock, or of any series thereof, unless a vote of any such holders is required pursuant to the terms
of any certificate of designation filed with respect to any series of Preferred Stock. On
August 14, 2020, the Company filed a Certificate of Designation with the State of Nevada to designate 5,000,000 shares of the Company’s
Preferred Stock as Series A Convertible Preferred Stock (“Series A Preferred”). Shares of Series A Preferred rank pari passu
with the Company’s Common Stock, except that holders of Series A Preferred shall have certain liquidation preferences as set forth
in the Certificate of Designation and the holders of the Series A Preferred are not entitled to vote on any matters presented to the
stockholders of the Company. The Certificate of Designation became effective on the August 14, 2020. 7 In
connection with the Company’s underwritten public offering of Common Stock consummated on December 8, 2020, the Company’s
outstanding 2,350,390 shares of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock mandatorily converted into an aggregate of 979,361 shares of Common
Stock. Nevada
Laws Chapter
78 of the NRS contains a provision governing “Acquisition of Controlling Interest.” This “control share act”
(NRS 78.378 through 78.3793, inclusive) provides generally that any person, individually or in association with others, that acquires
20% or more of the outstanding voting shares of certain Nevada corporations may be denied voting rights with respect to the acquired
shares, unless a majority of the disinterested stockholders of the corporation elects to restore such voting rights in whole or in part.
The control share act will apply to the Company if the Company were to have 200 or more stockholders of record (at least 100 of whom
have addresses in Nevada appearing on the Company’s stock ledger) and if the Company does business in the State of Nevada directly
or through an affiliated corporation, unless the Company’s Articles of Incorporation or bylaws in effect on the tenth day after
the acquisition of a controlling interest provide otherwise. The control share act provides that a person, individually or in association
with others, acquires a “controlling interest” when it acquires ownership of outstanding voting shares that, but for the
operation of the control share act, would bring its voting power of the Company in the election of directors within any of the following
three ranges: ● | 20% to 33%; ● | 33% to 50%; and ● | more than 50%. Once
an acquirer crosses one of the above thresholds, shares that it acquired in the transaction taking it over the threshold and within the
90 days immediately preceding the date when the acquiring person acquired or offered to acquire a controlling interest become “control
shares” to which the voting restrictions described above apply. A corporation may elect to opt-out from the provisions of the control
share act by providing in the articles of incorporation or bylaws that such provisions do not apply to the corporation. The Company’s
Articles of Incorporation and bylaws do not exempt the Company’s Common Stock from the control share act. As of the date of this
filing, the Company does not have 200 or more stockholders of record and, as a result, the control share act does not currently apply
to the Company. Exclusive
Jurisdiction of Certain Actions Unless
we consent in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the Eighth Judicial District Court of Clark County of the State of Nevada
(the “Court”) shall be the sole and exclusive forum for any stockholder (including a beneficial owner) to bring (i) any derivative
action or proceeding brought on behalf of the Company, (ii) any action asserting a claim of breach of a fiduciary duty owed by any Director,
officer or other employee of the Company to the Company or the Company’s stockholders, (iii) any action asserting a claim against
the Company, any director or the Company’s officers or employees arising pursuant to any provision of the NRS, Chapters 78 or 92A
of the NRS or our Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation or our Bylaws, or (iv) any action asserting a claim against the Company,
any director or the Company’s officers or employees governed by the internal affairs doctrine. However, each of these clauses (i)
through (iv) will not apply to any claim (x) as to which the Court determines that there is an indispensable party not subject to the
jurisdiction of the Court (and the indispensable party does not consent to the personal jurisdiction of the Court within ten (10) days
following such determination), (y) for which the Court does not have subject matter jurisdiction, or (z) which is vested in the exclusive
jurisdiction of a court or forum other than the Court, including pursuant to Section 27 of the Exchange Act, which provides for exclusive
federal jurisdiction over suits brought to enforce any duty or liability created by the Exchange Act or the rules and regulations thereunder.
Furthermore, Section 22 of the Securities Act provides for concurrent jurisdiction for federal and state courts over all suits brought
to enforce any duty or liability created by the Securities Act or the rules and regulations thereunder, and as such the exclusive jurisdiction
clauses set forth above would not apply to such suits. 8 Although
we believe these provisions benefit us by providing increased consistency in the application of Nevada law for the specified types of
actions and proceedings, the provisions may have the effect of discouraging lawsuits against us or our directors and officers. Any person
or entity purchasing or otherwise acquiring any interest in our shares of capital stock shall be deemed to have notice of and consented
to this exclusive forum provision, but will not be deemed to have waived our compliance with the federal securities laws and the rules
and regulations thereunder. Transfer
Agent and Registrar Our
transfer agent and registrar is Globex Transfer, LLC, 780 Deltona Blvd., Suite 202, Deltona, Florida. Its telephone number is (813) 344-4490. Stock
Exchange Listing Our
Common Stock is listed on The Nasdaq Stock Market (the “Nasdaq”) under the symbol “ONDS.” 9 DESCRIPTION
OF DEBT SECURITIES The
complete terms of the debt securities will be contained in the indenture and supplemental indenture applicable to the debt securities
unless we are not required under the Trust Indenture Act of 1939, as amended, or the Trust Indenture Act, to issue the debt securities
pursuant to an indenture. These documents have been or will be included or incorporated by reference as exhibits to the registration
statement of which this prospectus is a part. You should read the indenture and supplemental indenture. You should also read the prospectus
supplement, which will contain additional information and which may update or change some of the information below. This
section describes the general terms of the debt securities that we may offer using this prospectus. Further terms of the debt securities
will be stated in the applicable prospectus supplement. The following description and any description of the debt securities in a prospectus
supplement may not be complete and is subject to and qualified in its entirety by reference to the terms of the applicable indenture
and supplemental indenture (to the extent we are required to issue the debt securities pursuant to an indenture) and form of debt security. General We
may issue debt securities, in one or more series, as either senior or subordinated debt or as senior or subordinated convertible or exchangeable
debt. The senior debt securities will rank equally with any other unsubordinated debt that we may have and may be secured or unsecured.
The subordinated debt securities will be subordinate and junior in right of payment, to the extent and in the manner described in the
instrument governing the debt, to all or some portion of our senior indebtedness. Any convertible debt securities that we may issue will
be convertible into or exchangeable for common stock or other securities of Ondas. Conversion may be mandatory or at your option and
would be at prescribed conversion rates. If
we are required pursuant to the provisions of the Trust Indenture Act, the debt securities will be issued under one or more indentures,
which are contracts between us and an eligible banking institution or other eligible party, as trustee. While the terms we have summarized
below will apply generally to any debt securities that we may offer under this prospectus, we will describe the particular terms of any
debt securities that we may offer, including debt securities that are issued under an indenture, in more detail in a prospectus supplement. If
required, we will issue the senior debt securities under the senior indenture that we will enter into with the trustee named in the senior
indenture. If required, we will issue the subordinated debt securities under the subordinated indenture that we will enter into with
the trustee named in the subordinated indenture. We have filed forms of these documents as exhibits to the registration statement of
which this prospectus is a part. We use the term “indentures” to refer to both the senior indenture and the subordinated
indenture. The
following summaries of the material provisions of the senior debt securities, the subordinated debt securities and the indentures (to
the extent applicable to a particular issuance of our debt securities) are not complete and are qualified in their entirety by reference
to all of the provisions of the indenture applicable to a particular series of debt securities. You should read the applicable prospectus
supplement that we may authorize to be provided to you related to the series of debt securities being offered and, to the extent applicable,
the complete indentures that contain the terms of the debt securities. Forms of indentures have been filed as exhibits to the registration
statement of which this prospectus is a part, and we will file supplemental indentures and forms of debt securities containing the terms
of the debt securities being offered under indentures as exhibits to the registration statement of which this prospectus is a part or
such supplemental indentures will be incorporated by reference to reports that we file with the SEC. Except as we may otherwise indicate,
the terms of the senior indenture and the subordinated indenture are identical. The
indentures will be qualified under the Trust Indenture Act. We use the term “indenture trustee” to refer to either the senior
trustee or the subordinated trustee, as applicable. The
indentures do not limit the amount of other debt that we may incur and do not contain financial or similar restrictive covenants. The
indentures do not contain any provision to protect holders of debt securities against a sudden or dramatic decline in our ability to
pay our debt. 10 The
prospectus supplement will describe the debt securities offered and the price or prices at which we will offer the debt securities. The
description will include: ● | the title of the debt securities; ● | whether the debt securities are senior debt securities or subordinated debt securities and, if subordinated debt securities, the related subordination terms; ● | principal amount being offered, and, if a series, the total amount authorized and the total amount outstanding; ● | any limit on the aggregate principal amount of the debt securities or the series of which they are a part; ● | the date or dates on which we must pay the principal; ● | whether the debt securities will be issued with any original issue discount; ● | whether the debt securities are convertible into common stock or other securities or property and, if so, the terms and conditions upon which conversion will be effected, including the initial conversion price or conversion rate and any adjustments thereto and the conversion period; ● | the rate or rates at which the debt securities will bear interest, if any, the date or dates from which interest will accrue, and the dates on which we must pay interest; ● | whether and under what circumstances, if any, we will pay a premium or additional amounts on any debt securities; ● | the place or places where we must pay the principal and any premium or interest on the debt securities; ● | the terms and conditions on which we may redeem or retire any debt security, if at all; ● | any obligation to redeem or repurchase any debt securities, and the terms and conditions on which we must do so; ● | the denominations in which we may issue the debt securities if other than denominations of $1,000 and any integral multiple thereof; ● | the manner in which we will determine the amount of principal of or any premium or interest or additional amounts on the debt securities; ● | the principal amount of the debt securities that we will pay upon declaration of acceleration of their maturity if other than 100%; ● | the amount that will be deemed to be the principal amount for any purpose, including the principal amount that will be due and payable upon any maturity or that will be deemed to be outstanding as of any date; ● | whether the debt securities will be secured or unsecured, and the terms of any secured debt; ● | whether the debt securities are defeasible; ● | if applicable, the terms of any right to convert debt securities into, or exchange debt securities for, shares of common stock or other securities or property; ● | restrictions on transfer, sale or other assignment, if any; ● | our right, if any, to defer payment of interest and the maximum length of any such deferral period; ● | provisions for a sinking fund, purchase or other analogous fund, if any; ● | whether we will issue the debt securities under indentures; ● | whether we will issue the debt securities in the form of one or more global securities and, if so, the respective depositaries for the global securities and the terms of the global securities; ● | any addition to or change in the events of default applicable to the debt securities and any change in the right of the trustee or the holders to declare the principal amount of any of the debt securities due and payable; ● | any addition to or change in the covenants in the indentures, if any, including whether the indenture will restrict our ability or the ability of our subsidiaries to: o | incur additional indebtedness; o | issue additional securities; o | create liens; 11 o | pay dividends or make distributions in respect of our capital shares or the capital shares of our subsidiaries; o | redeem capital shares; o | place restrictions on our subsidiaries’ ability to pay dividends, make distributions or transfer assets; o | make investments or other restricted payments; o | sell or otherwise dispose of assets; o | enter into sale-leaseback transactions; o | engage in transactions with stockholders or affiliates; o | issue or sell shares of our subsidiaries; or o | effect a consolidation or merger; ● | whether the indenture, if any, will require us to maintain any interest coverage, fixed charge, cash flow-based, asset-based or other financial ratios; ● | a discussion of any material United States federal income tax considerations applicable to the debt securities; ● | information describing any book-entry features; ● | procedures for any auction or remarketing, if any; and ● | any other specific terms, preferences, rights or limitations of, or restrictions on, the debt securities, including any events of default that are in addition to those described in this prospectus or any covenants provided with respect to the debt securities that are in addition to those described above, and any terms that may be required by us or advisable under applicable laws or regulations or advisable in connection with the marketing of the debt securities. We
may sell the debt securities at a substantial discount below their stated principal amount. We will describe United States federal income
tax considerations, if any, applicable to debt securities sold at an original issue discount in the prospectus supplement. An “original
issue discount security” is any debt security that provides for an amount less than the principal amount to be due and payable
upon the declaration of acceleration of the maturity under the terms of the applicable indenture. The prospectus supplement relating
to any original issue discount securities will describe the particular provisions relating to acceleration of the maturity upon the occurrence
of an event of default. In addition, we will describe United States federal income tax or other considerations applicable to any debt
securities that are denominated in a currency or unit other than United States dollars in the prospectus supplement. Conversion
and Exchange Rights The
applicable prospectus supplement will describe, if applicable, the terms on which you may convert debt securities into or exchange them
for Common Stock or other securities or property. The conversion or exchange may be mandatory or may be at your option. The prospectus
supplement will describe how the number of shares of Common Stock or other securities or property to be received upon conversion or exchange
would be calculated. Subordination
of Subordinated Debt Securities Unless
the prospectus supplement indicates otherwise, the following provisions will apply to the subordinated debt securities. The indebtedness
underlying the subordinated debt securities will be payable only if all payments due under our senior indebtedness, including any outstanding
senior debt securities, have been made. If we distribute our assets to creditors upon any dissolution, winding-up, liquidation or reorganization
or in bankruptcy, insolvency, receivership or similar proceedings, we must first pay all amounts due or to become due on all senior indebtedness
before we pay the principal of, or any premium or interest on, the subordinated debt securities. In the event the subordinated debt securities
are accelerated because of an event of default, we may not make any payment on the subordinated debt securities until we have paid all
senior indebtedness or the acceleration is rescinded. If the payment of subordinated debt securities accelerates because of an event
of default, we must promptly notify holders of senior indebtedness of the acceleration. Unless
otherwise indicated in a prospectus supplement, we may not make any payment on the subordinated debt securities if a default in the payment
of the principal of, premium, if any, interest or other obligations, including a default under any repurchase or redemption obligation,
in respect of senior indebtedness occurs and continues beyond any applicable grace period. We may not make any payment on the subordinated
debt securities if any other default occurs and continues with respect to senior indebtedness that permits holders of the senior indebtedness
to accelerate its maturity and the trustee receives a notice of such default from us, a holder of such senior indebtedness or other person
permitted to give such notice. We may not resume payments on the subordinated debt securities until the defaults are cured or certain
periods pass. If
we experience a bankruptcy, dissolution or reorganization, holders of senior indebtedness may receive more, ratably, and holders of subordinated
debt securities may receive less, ratably, than our other creditors. 12 The
indentures in the forms initially filed as exhibits to the registration statement of which this prospectus is a part do not limit the
amount of indebtedness which we may incur, including senior indebtedness or subordinated indebtedness, and do not limit us from issuing
any other debt, including secured debt or unsecured debt. Form,
Exchange and Transfer If
issued, the debt securities will be issued only in fully registered form, without coupons, and, unless otherwise specified in the prospectus
supplement, only in denominations of $1,000 and any integral multiple thereof. The indentures provide that we may issue debt securities
of a series in temporary or permanent global form and as book-entry securities that will be deposited with, or on behalf of, The Depository
Trust Company, or DTC, or another depositary named by us and identified in a prospectus supplement with respect to that series. We currently
anticipate that the debt securities of each series offered and sold pursuant to this prospectus will be issued as global debt securities
as described under “Global Securities” and will trade in book-entry form only. At
the option of the holder, subject to the terms of the indentures and the limitations applicable to global securities described in the
applicable prospectus supplement, the holder of the debt securities of any series can exchange the debt securities for other debt securities
of the same series, in any authorized denomination and of like tenor and aggregate principal amount. Subject
to the terms of the indentures and the limitations applicable to global securities set forth in the applicable prospectus supplement,
holders of the debt securities may present the debt securities for exchange or for registration of transfer, duly endorsed or with the
form of transfer endorsed thereon duly executed if so required by us or the security registrar, at the office of the security registrar
or at the office of any transfer agent designated by us for this purpose. Unless otherwise provided in the debt securities that the holder
presents for transfer or exchange, we will make no service charge for any registration of transfer or exchange, but we may require payment
of any taxes or other governmental charges. We
will name in the applicable prospectus supplement the security registrar, and any transfer agent in addition to the security registrar,
that we initially designate for any debt securities. We may at any time designate additional transfer agents or rescind the designation
of any transfer agent or approve a change in the office through which any transfer agent acts, except that we will be required to maintain
a transfer agent in each place of payment for the debt securities of each series. If
we elect to redeem the debt securities of any series, we will not be required to: ● | issue, register the transfer or exchange of any debt securities of any series being redeemed in part during a period beginning at the opening of business 15 days before the day of mailing of a notice of redemption of any debt securities that may be selected for redemption and ending at the close of business on the day of the mailing; or ● | register the transfer of or exchange any debt securities so selected for redemption, in whole or in part, except the unredeemed portion of any debt securities we are redeeming in part. Consolidation,
Merger and Sale of Assets Unless
otherwise specified in the prospectus supplement, we may not consolidate with or merge into, or sell, convey, transfer, lease or otherwise
dispose of all or substantially all of our properties and assets to, any person, and shall not permit any other person to consolidate
with or merge into us, unless: ● | either: (i) we are the surviving corporation or (ii) the person formed by or surviving any consolidation, amalgamation or merger or resulting from such conversion (if other than Ondas) or to which such sale, assignment, transfer, conveyance or other disposition has been made, is a corporation, limited liability company or limited partnership organized and validly existing under the laws of the United States, any state of the United States or the District of Columbia and assumes our obligations under the debt securities and under the indentures pursuant to agreements reasonably satisfactory to the indenture trustee; 13 ● | immediately before and after giving pro forma effect to such transaction, no event of default, and no event which, after notice or lapse of time or both, would become an event of default, has occurred and is continuing; and ● | several other conditions, including any additional conditions with respect to any particular debt securities specified in the applicable prospectus supplement, are met. The
terms of any securities that we may offer pursuant to this prospectus may limit our ability to merge or consolidate or otherwise sell,
convey, transfer or otherwise dispose of all or substantially all of our assets, which terms would be set forth in the applicable prospectus
supplement and supplemental indenture. Events
of Default Unless
otherwise specified in the applicable prospectus supplement, it is anticipated that each of the following will constitute an event of
default under the applicable indenture with respect to debt securities of any series: ● | failure to pay principal of or any premium on any debt security of that series when due, whether or not, in the case of subordinated debt securities, such payment is prohibited by the subordination provisions of the subordinated indenture; ● | failure to pay any interest on any debt securities of that series when due, continued for 30 days, whether or not, in the case of subordinated debt securities, such payment is prohibited by the subordination provisions of the subordinated indenture; ● | failure to deposit any sinking fund payment, when due, in respect of any debt security of that series, whether or not, in the case of subordinated debt securities, such deposit is prohibited by the subordination provisions of the subordinated indenture; ● | failure to perform or comply with the provisions described under “—Consolidation, Merger and Sale of Assets”; ● | failure to perform any of our other covenants in such indenture (other than a covenant included in such indenture solely for the benefit of a series other than that series), continued for 60 days after written notice has been given to us by the applicable indenture trustee, or the holders of at least 25% in principal amount of the outstanding debt securities of that series, as provided in such indenture; and ● | certain events of bankruptcy, insolvency or reorganization affecting us or any significant subsidiary. If
an event of default (other than an event of default with respect to Ondas described in the last item listed above) with respect to the
debt securities of any series at the time outstanding occurs and is continuing, either the applicable trustee or the holders of at least
25% in principal amount of the outstanding debt securities of that series by notice as provided in the applicable indenture may declare
the principal amount of the debt securities of that series (or, in the case of any debt security that is an original issue discount debt
security, such portion of the principal amount of such debt security as may be specified in the terms of such debt security) to be due
and payable immediately, together with any accrued and unpaid interest thereon. If an event of default with respect to Ondas described
in the last item listed above with respect to the debt securities of any series at the time outstanding occurs, the principal amount
of all the debt securities of that series (or, in the case of any such original issue discount security, such specified amount) will
automatically, and without any action by the applicable trustee or any holder, become immediately due and payable, together with any
accrued and unpaid interest thereon. After any such acceleration, but before a judgment or decree based on acceleration, the holders
of a majority in principal amount of the outstanding debt securities of that series may, under certain circumstances, rescind and annul
such acceleration if all events of default, other than the non-payment of accelerated principal (or other specified amount), have been
cured or waived as provided in the applicable Indenture. For information as to waiver of defaults, see “—Modification and
Waiver” below. Subject
to the provisions in the indentures relating to the duties of the trustees in case an event of default has occurred and is continuing,
each trustee will be under no obligation to exercise any of its rights or powers under the applicable indenture at the request or direction
of any of the holders, unless such holders have offered to such trustee reasonable security or indemnity. Subject to such provisions
for the indemnification of the trustees, the holders of a majority in principal amount of the outstanding debt securities of any series
will have the right to direct the time, method and place of conducting any proceeding for any remedy available to the trustee or exercising
any trust or power conferred on the trustee with respect to the debt securities of that series. 14 No
holder of a debt security of any series will have any right to institute any proceeding with respect to the applicable indenture, or
for the appointment of a receiver or a trustee, or for any other remedy thereunder, unless: ● | such holder has previously given to the trustee under the applicable indenture written notice of a continuing event of default with respect to the debt securities of that series; ● | the holders of not less than 25% in principal amount of the outstanding debt securities of that series have made written request, and such holder or holders have offered reasonable indemnity, to the trustee to institute such proceeding as trustee; and ● | the trustee has failed to institute such proceeding, and has not received from the holders of a majority in principal amount of the outstanding debt securities of that series a direction inconsistent with such request, within 60 days after such notice, request and offer. However,
such limitations do not apply to a suit instituted by a holder of a debt security for the enforcement of payment of the principal of
or any premium or interest on such debt security on or after the applicable due date specified in such debt security. We
will be required to furnish to each trustee annually, within 150 days after the end of each fiscal year, a certificate by certain of
our officers as to whether or not we, to their knowledge, are in default in the performance or observance of any of the terms, provisions
and conditions of the applicable indenture and, if so, specifying all such known defaults. Modification
and Waiver Unless
otherwise specified in the prospectus supplement, modifications and amendments of an indenture may be made by us and the applicable trustee
with the consent of the holders of a majority in principal amount of the outstanding debt securities of each series affected by such
modification or amendment. However, no such modification or amendment may, without the consent of the holder of each outstanding debt
security affected thereby: ● | change the stated maturity of the principal of, or time for payment of any installment of principal of or interest on, any debt security; ● | reduce the principal amount of, or any premium or the rate of interest on, any debt security; ● | reduce the amount of principal of an original issue discount security or any other debt security payable upon acceleration of the maturity thereof; ● | change the place or the coin or currency of payment of principal of, or any premium or interest on, any debt security; ● | impair the right to institute suit for the enforcement of any payment due on any debt security; ● | modify the subordination provisions in the case of subordinated debt securities; ● | reduce the percentage in principal amount of outstanding debt securities of any series, the consent of whose holders is required for modification or amendment of the indenture; ● | reduce the percentage in principal amount of outstanding debt securities of any series necessary for waiver of compliance with certain provisions of the indenture or for waiver of certain defaults; or ● | modify such provisions with respect to modification, amendment or waiver, except to increase any such percentage or to provide that certain other provisions of the indenture cannot be modified or waived without the consent of the holder of each outstanding debt security affected thereby. The
holders of a majority in principal amount of the outstanding debt securities of any series may waive compliance by us with certain restrictive
provisions of the applicable indenture. The holders of a majority in principal amount of the outstanding debt securities of any series
may waive any past default under the applicable indenture, except a default in the payment of principal, premium or interest and certain
covenants and provisions of the indenture which cannot be amended without the consent of the holder of each outstanding debt security
of such series. 15 Each
of the indentures provides that in determining whether the holders of the requisite principal amount of the outstanding debt securities
have given or taken any direction, notice, consent, waiver or other action under such indenture as of any date: ● | the principal amount of an original issue discount security that will be deemed to be outstanding will be the amount of the principal that would be due and payable as of such date upon acceleration of maturity to such date; ● | the principal amount of a debt security denominated in one or more foreign currencies or currency units that will be deemed to be outstanding will be the United States-dollar equivalent, determined as of such date in the manner prescribed for such debt security, of the principal amount of such debt security (or, in the case of an original issue discount security the United States dollar equivalent on the date of original issuance of such security of the amount determined as provided immediately above); and ● | certain debt securities, including those owned by us or any of our other affiliates, will not be deemed to be outstanding. Except
in certain limited circumstances, we will be entitled to set any day as a record date for the purpose of determining the holders of outstanding
debt securities of any series entitled to give or take any direction, notice, consent, waiver or other action under the applicable indenture,
in the manner and subject to the limitations provided in the indenture. In certain limited circumstances, the trustee will be entitled
to set a record date for action by holders. If a record date is set for any action to be taken by holders of a particular series, only
persons who are holders of outstanding debt securities of that series on the record date may take such action. Optional
Redemption If
specified in the applicable prospectus supplement, we may elect to redeem all or part of the outstanding debt securities of a series
from time to time before the maturity date of the debt securities of that series. Upon such election, we will notify the indenture trustee
of the redemption date and the principal amount of debt securities of the series to be redeemed. If less than all the debt securities
of the series are to be redeemed, the particular debt securities of that series to be redeemed will be selected by the depositary in
accordance with its procedures. The applicable prospectus supplement will specify the redemption price for the debt securities to be
redeemed (or the method of calculating such price), in each case in accordance with the terms and conditions of those debt securities. Notice
of redemption will be given to each holder of the debt securities to be redeemed not less than 30 nor more than 60 days prior to the
date set for such redemption. This notice will include the following information, as applicable: the redemption date; the redemption
price (or the method of calculating such price); if less than all of the outstanding debt securities of such series are to be redeemed,
the identification (and, in the case of partial redemption, the respective principal amounts) of the particular debt securities to be
redeemed; that on the redemption date the redemption price will become due and payable upon each security to be redeemed and, if applicable,
that interest thereon will cease to accrue after such date; the place or places where such debt securities are to be surrendered for
payment of the redemption price; and that the redemption is for a sinking fund, if such is the case. Prior
to any redemption date, we will deposit or cause to be deposited with the indenture trustee or with a paying agent (or, if we are acting
as our own paying agent with respect to the debt securities being redeemed, we will segregate and hold in trust as provided in the applicable
indenture) an amount of money sufficient to pay the aggregate redemption price of, and (except if the redemption date shall be an interest
payment date or the debt securities of such series provide otherwise) accrued interest on, all of the debt securities or the part thereof
to be redeemed on that date. On the redemption date, the redemption price will become due and payable upon all of the debt securities
to be redeemed, and interest, if any, on the debt securities to be redeemed will cease to accrue from and after that date. Upon surrender
of any such debt securities for redemption, we will pay those debt securities surrendered at the redemption price together, if applicable,
with accrued interest to the redemption date. Any
debt securities to be redeemed only in part must be surrendered at the office or agency established by us for such purpose, and we will
execute, and the indenture trustee will authenticate and deliver to a holder without service charge, new debt securities of the same
series and of like tenor, of any authorized denominations as requested by that holder, in a principal amount equal to and in exchange
for the unredeemed portion of the debt securities that holder surrenders. 16 Satisfaction
and Discharge Each
indenture will be discharged and will cease to be of further effect as to all outstanding debt securities of any series issued thereunder,
when: ● | either: o | all outstanding debt securities of that series that have been authenticated (except lost, stolen or destroyed debt securities that have been replaced or paid and debt securities for whose payment money has theretofore been deposited in trust and thereafter repaid to us or discharged from such trust) have been delivered to the trustee for cancellation; or o | all outstanding debt securities of that series that have not been delivered to the trustee for cancellation have become due and payable or will become due and payable at their stated maturity within one year or are to be called for redemption within one year under arrangements satisfactory to the trustee; and
in either case we have irrevocably deposited with the trustee as trust funds for such purpose money in an amount sufficient, without
consideration of any reinvestment of interest, to pay and discharge the entire indebtedness of such debt securities not delivered to
the trustee for cancellation, for principal, premium, if any, and accrued interest to the date of such deposit (in the case of debt securities
that have become due and payable) or to the stated maturity or redemption date; ● | we have paid or caused to be paid all other sums payable by us under the indenture with respect to the debt securities of that series; and ● | we have delivered an officer’s certificate and an opinion of counsel to the trustee stating that all conditions precedent to satisfaction and discharge of the indenture with respect to the debt securities of that series have been complied with. Legal
Defeasance and Covenant Defeasance If
and to the extent indicated in the applicable prospectus supplement, we may elect, at our option at any time, to have provisions of the
indentures relating to defeasance and discharge of indebtedness, which we call “legal defeasance,” relating to defeasance
of certain restrictive covenants applied to the debt securities of any series, or to any specified part of a series, which we call “covenant
defeasance.” Legal
Defeasance . The indentures provide that, upon our exercise of our option (if any) to have the provisions relating to legal defeasance
applied to any debt securities, we will be discharged from all our obligations, and, if such debt securities are subordinated debt securities,
the provisions of the subordinated indenture relating to subordination will cease to be effective, with respect to such debt securities
(except for certain obligations to convert, exchange or register the transfer of debt securities, to replace stolen, lost or mutilated
debt securities, to maintain paying agencies and to hold moneys for payment in trust) upon the deposit in trust for the benefit of the
holders of such debt securities of money or United States government obligations, or both, which, through the payment of principal and
interest in respect thereof in accordance with their terms, will provide money in an amount sufficient to pay the principal of and any
premium and interest on such debt securities on the respective stated maturities in accordance with the terms of the applicable indenture
and such debt securities. Such defeasance or discharge may occur only if, among other things: ● | we have delivered to the applicable trustee an opinion of counsel to the effect that we have received from, or there has been published by, the United States Internal Revenue Service a ruling, or there has been a change in tax law, in either case to the effect that holders of such debt securities will not recognize gain or loss for federal income tax purposes as a result of such deposit and legal defeasance and will be subject to federal income tax on the same amount, in the same manner and at the same times as would have been the case if such deposit and legal defeasance were not to occur; ● | no event of default or event that with the passing of time or the giving of notice, or both, shall constitute an event of default shall have occurred and be continuing at the time of such deposit; ● | such deposit and legal defeasance will not result in a breach or violation of, or constitute a default under, any agreement or instrument (other than the applicable indenture) to which we are a party or by which we are bound; ● | we must deliver to the trustee an officer’s certificate stating that the deposit was not made by us with the intent of preferring the holders of the debt securities over any of our other creditors or with the intent of defeating, hindering, delaying or defrauding any of our other creditors or others; 17 ● | we must deliver to the trustee an officer’s certificate stating that all conditions precedent set forth in the items set forth immediately above and the item set forth immediately below, as applicable, have been complied with; ● | in the case of subordinated debt securities, at the time of such deposit, no default in the payment of all or a portion of principal of (or premium, if any) or interest on any of our senior debt shall have occurred and be continuing, no event of default shall have resulted in the acceleration of any of our senior debt and no other event of default with respect to any of our senior debt shall have occurred and be continuing permitting after notice or the lapse of time, or both, the acceleration thereof: and ● | we have delivered to the trustee an opinion of counsel to the effect that all conditions precedent set forth in the first, third or fourth item above have been complied with. Covenant
Defeasance . The indentures provide that, upon our exercise of our option (if any) to have the covenant defeasance provisions applied
to any debt securities, we may omit to comply with certain restrictive covenants (but not to conversion, if applicable), including those
that may be described in the applicable prospectus supplement, the occurrence of certain events of default, which are described above
in the fifth item listed under “Events of Default” above and any that may be described in the applicable prospectus supplement,
will not be deemed to either be or result in an event of default and, if such debt securities are subordinated debt securities, the provisions
of the subordinated indenture relating to subordination will cease to be effective, in each case with respect to such debt securities.
In order to exercise such option, we must deposit, in trust for the benefit of the holders of such debt securities, money or United States
government obligations, or both, which, through the payment of principal and interest in respect thereof in accordance with their terms,
will provide money in an amount sufficient to pay the principal of and any premium and interest on such debt securities on the respective
stated maturities in accordance with the terms of the applicable indenture and such debt securities. Such covenant defeasance may occur
only if we have delivered to the applicable trustee an opinion of counsel that in effect says that holders of such debt securities will
not recognize gain or loss for federal income tax purposes as a result of such deposit and covenant defeasance and will be subject to
federal income tax on the same amount, in the same manner and at the same times as would have been the case if such deposit and covenant
defeasance were not to occur, and the requirements set forth in the second, third, fourth, fifth, sixth and seventh items above are satisfied.
If we exercise this option with respect to any debt securities and such debt securities were declared due and payable because of the
occurrence of any event of default, the amount of money and United States government obligations so deposited in trust would be sufficient
to pay amounts due on such debt securities at the time of their respective stated maturities but may not be sufficient to pay amounts
due on such debt securities upon any acceleration resulting from such event of default. In such case, we would remain liable for such
payments. Notices We
will mail notices to holders of debt securities at the addresses that appear in the security register. Title We
may treat the person in whose name a debt security is registered as the absolute owner, whether or not such debt security may be overdue,
for the purpose of making payment and for all other purposes. Information
Concerning the Indenture Trustee The
indenture trustee undertakes to perform only those duties as are specifically set forth in the applicable indenture. The indenture trustee
must use the same degree of care as a prudent person would exercise or use in the conduct of his or her own affairs. The indenture trustee
shall be under no obligation to exercise any of the rights or powers vested in it by an indenture at the request or direction of any
of the applicable holders pursuant to such indenture unless such holders shall have offered to the indenture trustee security or indemnity
satisfactory to the trustee against the costs, expenses and liabilities which might be incurred by it in compliance with such request
or direction. Payment
and Paying Agents Unless
otherwise indicated in the applicable prospectus supplement, payment of interest on a debt security on any interest payment date will
be made to the person in whose name such debt security (or one or more predecessor securities) is registered at the close of business
on the regular record date for such interest. 18 Unless
otherwise indicated in the applicable prospectus supplement, principal of and any premium and interest on the debt securities of a particular
series will be payable at the office of such paying agent or paying agents as we may designate for such purpose from time to time, except
that at our option payment of any interest on debt securities in certificated loan may be made by check mailed to the address of the
person entitled thereto as such address appears in the security register. Unless otherwise indicated in the applicable prospectus supplement,
the corporate trust office of the trustee under the senior indenture in The City of New York will be designated as sole paying agent
for payments with respect to senior debt securities of each series, and the corporate trust office of the trustee under the subordinated
indenture in The City of New York will be designated as the sole paying agent for payment with respect to subordinated debt securities
of each series. Any other paying agents initially designated by us for the debt securities of a particular series will be named in the
applicable prospectus supplement. We may at any time designate additional paying agents or rescind the designation of any paying agent
or approve a change in the office through which any paying agent acts, except that we will be required to maintain a paying agent in
each place of payment for the debt securities of a particular series. All
money paid by us to a paying agent for the payment of the principal of or any premium or interest on any debt security which remain unclaimed
at the end of two years after such principal, premium or interest has become due and payable will be repaid to us, and the holder of
such debt security thereafter may look only to us for payment. Governing
Law The
indentures and the debt securities will be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the state of New York. 19 DESCRIPTION
OF WARRANTS The
complete terms of the warrants will be contained in the applicable warrant agreement and warrant. These documents will be included or
incorporated by reference as exhibits to the registration statement of which this prospectus is a part. You should read the warrant and
warrant agreement. You should also read the prospectus supplement, which will contain additional information and which may update or
change some of the information below. This
section describes the general terms of the warrants to purchase Common Stock, Preferred Stock and/or debt securities that we may offer
using this prospectus. Further terms of the warrants will be stated in the applicable prospectus supplement. The following description
and any description of the rights in a prospectus supplement may not be complete and is subject to and qualified in its entirety by reference
to the terms of the warrant and warrant agreement. General We
may issue warrants for the purchase of Common Stock, Preferred Stock and/or debt securities in one or more series. If we offer warrants,
we will describe the terms in a prospectus supplement. Warrants may be offered independently, together with other securities offered
by any prospectus supplement, or through a dividend or other distribution to stockholders and may be attached to or separate from other
securities. Warrants may be issued under a written warrant agreement to be entered into between us and the holder or beneficial owner,
or under a written warrant agreement with a warrant agent specified in a prospectus supplement. A warrant agent would act solely as our
agent in connection with the warrants of a particular series and would not assume any obligation or relationship of agency or trust for
or with any holders or beneficial owners of those warrants. The
following are some of the terms relating to a series of warrants that could be described in a prospectus supplement: ● | title of the warrants; ● | aggregate number of warrants; ● | price or prices at which the warrants will be issued; ● | designation, number, aggregate principal amount, denominations and terms of the securities that may be purchased on exercise of the warrants; ● | date, if any, on and after which the warrants and the debt securities offered with the warrants, if any, will be separately transferable; ● | purchase price for each security purchasable on exercise of the warrants; ● | the terms for changes to or adjustments in the exercise price, if any; ● | dates on which the right to purchase certain securities upon exercise of the warrants will begin and end; ● | minimum or maximum number of securities that may be purchased at any one time upon exercise of the warrants; ● | anti-dilution provisions or other adjustments to the exercise price of the warrants; ● | terms of any right that we may have to redeem the warrants; ● | effect of any merger, consolidation, sale or other transfer of our business on the warrants and the applicable warrant agreement; ● | name and address of the warrant agent, if any; ● | information with respect to book-entry procedures; ● | any material United States federal income tax considerations; and ● | other material terms, including terms relating to transferability, exchange, exercise or amendments of the warrants. Until
any warrants to purchase our securities are exercised, holders of the warrants will not have any rights of holders of the underlying
securities. 20 DESCRIPTION
OF UNITS The
complete terms of the units will be contained in the unit agreement and any document applicable to the securities comprising the units.
These documents will be included or incorporated by reference as exhibits to the registration statement of which this prospectus is a
part. You should read the unit agreement and any related documents. You also should read the prospectus supplement, which will contain
additional information and which may update or change some of the information below. This
section describes the general terms of the units that we may offer using this prospectus. Further terms of the units will be stated in
the applicable prospectus supplement. The following description and any description of the units in a prospectus supplement may not be
complete and is subject to and qualified in its entirety by reference to the terms of any agreement relating to the units and the related
documents applicable to the securities constituting the units. We
may issue units, in one or more series, consisting of any combination of one or more of the other securities described in this prospectus.
If we offer units, we will describe the terms in a prospectus supplement. Units may be issued under a written unit agreement to be entered
into between us and the holder or beneficial owner, or we could issue units under a written unit agreement with a unit agent specified
in a prospectus supplement. A unit agent would act solely as our agent in connection with the units of a particular series and would
not assume any obligation or relationship of agency or trust for or with any holders or beneficial owners of those units. Each
unit will be issued so that the holder of the unit is also the holder of each security included in the unit. Thus, the holder of a unit
will have the rights and obligations of a holder of each included security. The
following are some of the unit terms that could be described in a prospectus supplement: ● | title of the units; ● | aggregate number of units; ● | price or prices at which the units will be issued; ● | designation and terms of the units and of the securities comprising the units, including whether and under what circumstances those securities may be held or transferred separately; ● | effect of any merger, consolidation, sale or other transfer of our business on the units and the applicable unit agreement; ● | name and address of the unit agent; ● | information with respect to book-entry procedures; ● | any material United States federal income tax considerations; and ● | other material terms, including terms relating to transferability, exchange, exercise or amendments of the units. The
provisions described in this section, as well as those described under “Description of Capital Stock,” “Description
of Debt Securities,” and “Description of Warrants,” will apply to each unit and to any Common Stock, Preferred Stock,
debt security or warrant included in each unit, respectively. Unless
otherwise provided in the applicable prospectus supplement, the unit agreements will be governed by the laws of the State of New York.
The unit agreement under which a unit is issued may provide that the securities included in the unit may not be held or transferred separately,
at any time or at any time before a specified date. We will file as an exhibit to a filing with the SEC that is incorporated by reference
into this prospectus the forms of the unit agreements containing the terms of the units being offered. The description of units in any
prospectus supplement will not necessarily describe all of the terms of the units in detail. You should read the applicable unit agreements
for a complete description of all of the terms. 21 GLOBAL
SECURITIES Unless
otherwise indicated in the applicable prospectus supplement, securities other than Common Stock will be issued in the form of one or
more global certificates, or “global securities,” registered in the name of a depositary or its nominee. Unless otherwise
indicated in the applicable prospectus supplement, the depositary will be DTC. We expect that DTC’s nominee will be Cede &
Co. Accordingly, we expect Cede & Co. to be the initial registered holder of all securities that are issued in global form. No person
that acquires a beneficial interest in those securities will be entitled to receive a certificate representing that person’s interest
in the securities except as described herein or in the applicable prospectus supplement. Unless and until definitive securities are issued
under the limited circumstances described below, all references to actions by holders of securities issued in global form will refer
to actions taken by DTC upon instructions from its participants, and all references to payments and notices to holders will refer to
payments and notices to DTC or Cede & Co., as the registered holder of these securities. DTC
is a limited-purpose trust company organized under the New York Banking Law, a “banking organization” within the meaning
of the New York Banking Law, a member of the Federal Reserve System, a “clearing corporation” within the meaning of the New
York Uniform Commercial Code, and a “clearing agency” registered pursuant to the provisions of Section 17A of the Exchange
Act. DTC holds securities that DTC participants deposit with DTC. DTC also facilitates the settlement among DTC participants of securities
transactions, such as transfers and pledges, in deposited securities through electronic computerized book-entry changes in DTC participants’
accounts, thereby eliminating the need for physical movement of certificates. DTC participants include securities brokers and dealers,
banks, trust companies and clearing corporations, and may include other organizations. DTC is a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Depository
Trust & Clearing Company, or DTCC. DTCC, in turn, is owned by a number of DTC’s participants and subsidiaries of DTCC as well
as by other financial companies, including the New York Stock Exchange, Inc. and the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority, Inc. Indirect
access to the DTC system also is available to others such as banks, brokers, dealers and trust companies that clear through or maintain
a custodial relationship with a participant, either directly or indirectly. The rules applicable to DTC and DTC participants are on file
with the SEC. Persons
that are not participants or indirect participants but desire to purchase, sell or otherwise transfer ownership of, or other interests
in, securities may do so only through participants and indirect participants. Under a book-entry format, holders may experience some
delay in their receipt of payments, as such payments will be forwarded by our designated agent to Cede & Co., as nominee for DTC.
DTC will forward such payments to its participants, who will then forward them to indirect participants or holders. Holders will not
be recognized by the relevant registrar, transfer agent, trustee or warrant agent as registered holders of the securities entitled to
the benefits of our Articles of Incorporation or the applicable indenture, warrant agreement, trust agreement or guarantee. Beneficial
owners that are not participants will be permitted to exercise their rights only indirectly through and according to the procedures of
participants and, if applicable, indirect participants. Under
the rules, regulations and procedures creating and affecting DTC and its operations as currently in effect, DTC will be required to make
book-entry transfers of securities among participants and to receive and transmit payments to participants. DTC rules require participants
and indirect participants with which beneficial securities owners have accounts to make book-entry transfers and receive and transmit
payments on behalf of their respective account holders. Because
DTC can act only on behalf of participants, who in turn act only on behalf of participants or indirect participants, and certain banks,
trust companies and other persons approved by it, the ability of a beneficial owner of securities issued in global form to pledge such
securities to persons or entities that do not participate in the DTC system may be limited due to the unavailability of physical certificates
for these securities. We
expect DTC to advise us that DTC will take any action permitted to be taken by a registered holder of any securities under our Articles
of Incorporation or the relevant indenture, warrant agreement, trust agreement or guarantee only at the direction of one or more participants
to whose accounts with DTC such securities are credited. 22 Unless
otherwise indicated in the applicable prospectus supplement, a global security will be exchangeable for the relevant definitive securities
registered in the names of persons other than DTC or its nominee only if: ● | DTC notifies us that it is unwilling or unable to continue as depositary for that global security or if DTC ceases to be a clearing agency registered under the Exchange Act when DTC is required to be so registered; ● | we execute and deliver to the relevant registrar, transfer agent, trustee and/or warrant agent an order complying with the requirements of the applicable indenture, trust agreement or warrant agreement that the global security will be exchangeable for definitive securities in registered form; or ● | there has occurred and is continuing a default in the payment of any amount due in respect of the securities or, in the case of debt securities, an event of default or an event that, with the giving of notice or lapse of time, or both, would constitute an event of default with respect to these debt securities. Any
global security that is exchangeable under the preceding sentence will be exchangeable for securities registered in such names as DTC
directs. Upon
the occurrence of any event described in the preceding paragraph, DTC is generally required to notify all participants of the availability
of definitive securities. Upon DTC surrendering the global security representing the securities and delivery of instructions for re-registration,
the registrar, transfer agent, trustee or warrant agent, as the case may be, will reissue the securities as definitive securities, and
then such persons will recognize the holders of such definitive securities as registered holders of securities entitled to the benefits
of our articles or the relevant indenture trust agreement and/or warrant agreement. Redemption
notices will be sent to Cede & Co. as the registered holder of the global securities. If less than all of a series of securities
are being redeemed, DTC will determine the amount of the interest of each direct participant to be redeemed in accordance with its then
current procedures. Except
as described above, the global security may not be transferred except as a whole by DTC to a nominee of DTC or by a nominee of DTC to
DTC or another nominee of DTC or to a successor depositary we appoint. Except as described above, DTC may not sell, assign, transfer
or otherwise convey any beneficial interest in a global security evidencing all or part of any securities unless the beneficial interest
is in an amount equal to an authorized denomination for these securities. The
information in this section concerning DTC and DTC’s book-entry system has been obtained from sources that we believe to be accurate,
but we assume no responsibility for the accuracy thereof. None of us, any indenture trustee, any depositary, any rights agent, any registrar
and transfer agent or any warrant agent, or any agent of any of them, will have any responsibility or liability for any aspect of DTC’s
or any participant’s records relating to, or for payments made on account of, beneficial interests in a global security, or for
maintaining, supervising or reviewing any records relating to such beneficial interests. Secondary
trading in notes and debentures of corporate issuers is generally settled in clearing-house or next-day funds. In contrast, beneficial
interests in a global security, in some cases, may trade in the DTC’s same-day funds settlement system, in which secondary market
trading activity in those beneficial interests would be required by DTC to settle in immediately available funds. There is no assurance
as to the effect, if any, that settlement in immediately available funds would have on trading activity in such beneficial interests.
Also, settlement for purchases of beneficial interests in a global security upon the original issuance of this security may be required
to be made in immediately available funds. 23 PLAN
OF DISTRIBUTION We
may sell the securities offered by this prospectus from time to time in one or more transactions, including without limitation: ● | through underwriters or dealers; ● | directly to purchasers; ● | in a rights offering; ● | in “at the market” offerings, within the meaning of Rule 415(a)(4) of the Securities Act to or through a market maker or into an existing trading market on an exchange or otherwise; ● | through agents; ● | in block trades; ● | through a combination of any of these methods; or ● | through any other method permitted by applicable law and described in a prospectus supplement. In
addition, we may issue the securities as a dividend or distribution to our existing stockholders or other security holders. The
prospectus supplement with respect to any offering of securities will include the following information: ● | the terms of the offering; ● | the names of any underwriters or agents; ● | the name or names of any managing underwriter or underwriters; ● | the purchase price or public offering price of the securities; ● | the net proceeds from the sale of the securities; ● | any delayed delivery arrangements; ● | any underwriting discounts, commissions and other items constituting underwriters’ compensation; ● | any discounts or concessions allowed or reallowed or paid to dealers; ● | any commissions paid to agents; and ● | any securities exchange on which the securities may be listed. Sale
through Underwriters or Dealers If
underwriters are used in the sale, the underwriters may resell the securities from time to time in one or more transactions, including
negotiated transactions, at a fixed public offering price or at varying prices determined at the time of sale. Underwriters may offer
securities to the public either through underwriting syndicates represented by one or more managing underwriters or directly by one or
more firms acting as underwriters. Unless we inform you otherwise in the applicable prospectus supplement, the obligations of the underwriters
to purchase the securities will be subject to certain conditions, and the underwriters will be obligated to purchase all of the offered
securities if they purchase any of them. The underwriters may change from time to time any initial public offering price and any discounts
or concessions allowed or reallowed or paid to dealers. We
will describe the name or names of any underwriters, dealers or agents and the purchase price of the securities in a prospectus supplement
relating to the securities. In
connection with the sale of the securities, underwriters may receive compensation from us or from purchasers of the securities, for whom
they may act as agents, in the form of discounts, concessions or commissions. Underwriters may sell the securities to or through dealers,
and these dealers may receive compensation in the form of discounts, concessions or commissions from the underwriters and/or commissions
from the purchasers for whom they may act as agents, which is not expected to exceed that customary in the types of transactions involved.
Underwriters, dealers and agents that participate in the distribution of the securities may be deemed to be underwriters, and any discounts
or commissions they receive from us, and any profit on the resale of the securities they realize may be deemed to be underwriting discounts
and commissions, under the Securities Act. The prospectus supplement will identify any underwriter or agent and will describe any compensation
they receive from us. 24 Underwriters
could make sales in privately negotiated transactions and/or any other method permitted by law, including sales deemed to be an “at-the-market”
offering, sales made directly on Nasdaq, the existing trading market for our shares of Common Stock, or sales made to or through a market
maker other than on an exchange. The name of any such underwriter or agent involved in the offer and sale of our securities, the amounts
underwritten, and the nature of its obligations to take our securities will be described in the applicable prospectus supplement. Unless
otherwise specified in the prospectus supplement, each series of the securities will be a new issue with no established trading market,
other than our shares of Common Stock, which are currently listed on Nasdaq. We currently intend to list any shares of Common Stock sold
pursuant to this prospectus on Nasdaq. We may elect to list any series of Preferred Stock on an exchange, but are not obligated to do
so. It is possible that one or more underwriters may make a market in a series of the securities, but underwriters will not be obligated
to do so and may discontinue any market making at any time without notice. Therefore, we can give no assurance about the liquidity of
the trading market for any of the securities. Under
agreements we may enter into, we may indemnify underwriters, dealers, and agents who participate in the distribution of the securities
against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act, or contribute with respect to payments that the underwriters,
dealers or agents may be required to make. In
compliance with the guidelines of the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority, Inc. (“FINRA”), the aggregate maximum
discount, commission, agency fees or other items constituting underwriting compensation to be received by any FINRA member or independent
broker-dealer will not exceed 8% of the gross offering proceeds from any offering pursuant to this prospectus and any applicable prospectus
supplement or pricing supplement, as the case may be. To
facilitate the offering of securities, certain persons participating in the offering may engage in transactions that stabilize, maintain,
or otherwise affect the price of the securities. This may include over-allotments or short sales of the securities, which involve the
sale by persons participating in the offering of more securities than we sold to them. In these circumstances, these persons would cover
such over-allotments or short positions by making purchases in the open market or by exercising their over-allotment option, if any.
In addition, these persons may stabilize or maintain the price of the securities by bidding for or purchasing securities in the open
market or by imposing penalty bids, whereby selling concessions allowed to dealers participating in the offering may be reclaimed if
securities sold by them are repurchased in connection with stabilization transactions. The effect of these transactions may be to stabilize
or maintain the market price of the securities at a level above that which might otherwise prevail in the open market. These transactions
may be discontinued at any time. From
time to time, we may engage in transactions with these underwriters, dealers, and agents in the ordinary course of business. Direct
Sales and Sales through Agents We
may sell the securities directly. In this case, no underwriters or agents would be involved. We also may sell the securities through
agents designated by us from time to time. In the applicable prospectus supplement, we will name any agent involved in the offer or sale
of the offered securities, and we will describe any commissions payable to the agent. Unless we inform you otherwise in the applicable
prospectus supplement, any agent will agree to use its reasonable best efforts to solicit purchases for the period of its appointment. We
may sell the securities directly to institutional investors or others who may be deemed to be underwriters within the meaning of the
Securities Act with respect to any sale of those securities. We will describe the terms of any sales of these securities in the applicable
prospectus supplement. Remarketing
Arrangements Securities
also may be offered and sold, if so indicated in the applicable prospectus supplement, in connection with a remarketing upon their purchase,
in accordance with a redemption or repayment pursuant to their terms, or otherwise, by one or more remarketing firms, acting as principals
for their own accounts or as agents for us. Any remarketing firm will be identified and the terms of its agreements, if any, with us
and its compensation will be described in the applicable prospectus supplement. 25 Delayed
Delivery Contracts If
we so indicate in the applicable prospectus supplement, we may authorize agents, underwriters or dealers to solicit offers from certain
types of institutions to purchase securities from us at the public offering price under delayed delivery contracts. These contracts would
provide for payment and delivery on a specified date in the future. The contracts would be subject only to those conditions described
in the applicable prospectus supplement. The applicable prospectus supplement will describe the commission payable for solicitation of
those contracts. General
Information We
may have agreements with the underwriters, dealers, agents and remarketing firms to indemnify them against certain civil liabilities,
including liabilities under the Securities Act, or to contribute with respect to payments that the underwriters, dealers, agents or remarketing
firms may be required to make. Underwriters, dealers, agents and remarketing firms may be customers of, engage in transactions with or
perform services for us in the ordinary course of their businesses. 26 DISCLOSURE
OF COMMISSION POSITION ON INDEMNIFICATION FOR SECURITIES ACT LIABILITIES Insofar
as indemnification for liabilities arising under the Securities Act may be permitted to directors, officers and controlling persons of
the registrant, the registrant has been advised that in the opinion of the SEC such indemnification is against public policy as expressed
in the Act and is, therefore, unenforceable. In the event that a claim for indemnification against such liabilities (other than the payment
by the registrant of expenses incurred or paid by a director, officer or controlling person of the registrant in the successful defense
of any action, suit or proceeding) is asserted by such director, officer or controlling person in connection with the securities being
registered, the registrant will, unless in the opinion of its counsel the matter has been settled by controlling precedent, submit to
a court of appropriate jurisdiction the question whether such indemnification by it is against public policy as expressed in the Act
and will be governed by the final adjudication of such issue. 27 LEGAL
MATTERS Unless
otherwise indicated in the applicable prospectus supplement, the validity of the securities being offered by this prospectus will be
passed upon by Akerman, LLP, Miami, Florida, and Snell & Wilmer L.L.P., Las Vegas, Nevada. 28 EXPERTS The
consolidated financial statements of Ondas Holdings Inc. as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 and for the years then ended incorporated
by reference in this prospectus and elsewhere in the registration statement have been so incorporated in reliance on the report of Rosenberg
Rich Baker Berman, P.A., independent registered public accounting firm, incorporated herein by reference, given on the authority of said
firm as experts in auditing and accounting. The
financial statements of Airobotics Ltd. as of December 31, 2021 and December 31, 2020 and for the years ended included in this prospectus
and elsewhere in the registration statement have been so included in reliance on the report of Kost Forer Gabbay & Kasierer, a member
of Ernst & Young Global, independent accountants, upon the authority of said firm as experts in accounting and auditing. 29 WHERE
YOU CAN FIND ADDITIONAL INFORMATION We
have filed with the SEC a registration statement on Form S-3 under the Securities Act, and the rules and regulations promulgated under
the Securities Act, with respect to the securities offered under this prospectus. This prospectus, which constitutes a part of the registration
statement, does not contain all of the information contained in the registration statement and the exhibits and schedules to the registration
statement. Many of the contracts and documents described in this prospectus are filed as exhibits to the registration statements and
you may review the full text of these contracts and documents by referring to these exhibits. For
further information with respect to us and the securities offered under this prospectus, reference is made to the registration statement
and its exhibits and schedules. We file reports, including annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q and current reports
on Form 8-K with the SEC. The
SEC maintains an Internet web site that contains reports, proxy and information statements and other information regarding issuers, including
Ondas, that file electronically with the SEC. The SEC’s Internet website address is http://www.sec.gov. Our Internet website address
is http://www.ondas.com. 30 INCORPORATION
OF CERTAIN INFORMATION BY REFERENCE The
SEC allows us to “incorporate by reference” information into this prospectus, which means that we can disclose important
information about us by referring to another document filed separately with the SEC. The information incorporated by reference is considered
to be a part of this prospectus. This prospectus incorporates by reference the documents and reports listed below other than portions
of these documents that are furnished under Item 2.02 or Item 7.01 of a Current Report on Form 8–K: ● | The Annual Report on Form 10–K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, filed on March 14, 2023; ● | Our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2023, filed with the SEC on May 15, 2023; ● | Our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2023, filed with the SEC on August 14, 2023; ● | Our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2023, filed with the SEC on November 14, 2023; ● | The Current Reports on Form 8–K filed with the SEC on September 23, 2022 , January 11, 2023 , January 13, 2023 , January 23, 2023 , January 25, 2023 , February 7, 2023 , February 15, 2023 , March 7, 2023 , June 9, 2023 , July 10, 2023 , July 11, 2023 , July 24, 2023 , July 28, 2023 , August 16, 2023 , September 6, 2023 , September 22, 2023 , September 29, 2023 , October 6, 2023 , October 10, 2023 , October 11, 2023 , October 31, 2023 , December 6, 2023 , and January 24, 2024 ; and ● | The description of the Company’s Common Stock contained in the Company’s Registration Statement on Form 8-A , filed with the SEC on December 3, 2020, as updated by the description of the capital stock contained in Exhibit 4.5 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2020, filed on March 8, 2021, and its Certificate of Amendment to its Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation filed with its current report on Form 8-K filed on October 31, 2023. In
addition, all documents subsequently filed by us pursuant to Sections 13(a), 13(c), 14 and 15(d) of the Exchange Act, shall be deemed
to be incorporated by reference in this prospectus and to be a part hereof from the date of filing of such documents. In addition, all
reports and other documents filed by us pursuant to the Exchange Act after the date of the initial registration statement and prior to
effectiveness of the registration statement shall be deemed to be incorporated by reference into this prospectus. Any statement contained
in a document incorporated or deemed to be incorporated by reference herein shall be deemed to be modified or superseded for purposes
of this prospectus to the extent that a statement contained herein or in any subsequently filed document that also is or is deemed to
be incorporated by reference herein, as the case may be, modifies or supersedes such statement. Any such statement so modified or superseded
shall not be deemed, except as so modified or superseded, to constitute a part of this prospectus. We
will provide, without charge, to any person, including any beneficial owner, to whom a copy of this prospectus is delivered, upon oral
or written request of such person, a copy of any or all of the documents that have been incorporated by reference in this prospectus
but not delivered with the prospectus, including any exhibits to such documents that are specifically incorporated by reference in those
documents. Please
make your request by writing or telephoning us at the following address or telephone number: Ondas
Holdings Inc. 53 Brigham Street, Unit 4, Marlborough,
MA 01752 Attention:
Eric Brock Telephone:
(888) 350-9994 31 $175,000,000 Common
Stock Preferred
Stock Debt
Securities Warrants Units PROSPECTUS The
date of this prospectus is __________, 2024 PART
II INFORMATION NOT REQUIRED IN PROSPECTUS ITEM
14. OTHER EXPENSES OF ISSUANCE AND DISTRIBUTION The
following table sets forth all fees and expenses payable by the registrant in connection with the issuance and distribution of the securities
registered hereby (other than underwriting discounts and commissions). All amounts are estimated. SEC Registration | $ | 3,690
Accounting Fees and Expenses | $ | *
Legal Fees and Expenses | $ | *
Trustee fees and Expenses | $ | *
Miscellaneous Expenses | $ | *
Total | $ | * * | These fees are calculated based on the number of issuances and the amount of securities offered and accordingly cannot be estimated at this time. ITEM 15. INDEMNIFICATION OF DIRECTORS AND OFFICERS The NRS provide that: ● | a corporation may indemnify any person who was or is a party or is threatened to be made a party to any threatened, pending or completed action, suit or proceeding, whether civil, criminal, administrative or investigative, except an action by or in the right of the corporation, by reason of the fact that he is or was a director, officer, employee or agent of the corporation, or is or was serving at the request of the corporation as a director, officer, employee or agent of another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise, against expenses, including attorneys’ fees, judgments, fines and amounts paid in settlement actually and reasonably incurred by him in connection with the action, suit or proceeding if he or she is not liable for a breach of any fiduciary duty pursuant to NRS 78.138, he or she acted in good faith and in a manner which he or she reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the corporation, and, with respect to any criminal action or proceeding, had no reasonable cause to believe his or her conduct was unlawful; ● | a corporation may indemnify any person who was or is a party or is threatened to be made a party to any threatened, pending or completed action or suit by or in the right of the corporation to procure a judgment in its favor by reason of the fact that he or she is or was a director, officer, employee or agent of the corporation, or is or was serving at the request of the corporation as a director, officer, employee or agent of another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise against expenses, including amounts paid in settlement and attorneys’ fees actually and reasonably incurred by him or her in connection with the defense or settlement of the action or suit if he or she is not liable for a breach of any fiduciary duty pursuant to NRS 78.138, he or she acted in good faith and in a manner which he or she reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the corporation. Indemnification may not be made for any claim, issue or matter as to which such a person has been adjudged by a court of competent jurisdiction, after exhaustion of all appeals therefrom, to be liable to the corporation or for amounts paid in settlement to the corporation, unless and only to the extent that the court in which the action or suit was brought or other court of competent jurisdiction determines upon application that in view of all the circumstances of the case, the person is fairly and reasonably entitled to indemnity for such expenses as the court deems proper; and ● | to the extent that a director, officer, employee or agent of a corporation has been successful on the merits or otherwise in defense of any action, suit or proceeding, or in defense of any claim, issue or matter therein, the corporation must indemnify him or her against expenses, including attorneys’ fees, actually and reasonably incurred by him or her in connection with the defense. II- 1 The NRS provide that we may
make any discretionary indemnification only as authorized in the specific case upon a determination that indemnification of the director,
officer, employee or agent is proper in the circumstances. The determination must be made: ● | by the stockholders; ● | by the board of directors by majority vote of a quorum consisting of directors who were not parties to the action, suit or proceeding; ● | if a majority vote of a quorum consisting of directors who were not parties to the action, suit or proceeding so orders, by independent legal counsel in a written opinion; ● | if a quorum consisting of directors who were not parties to the action, suit or proceeding cannot be obtained, by independent legal counsel in a written opinion; or ● | by court order. The NRS provide that a corporation
may purchase and maintain insurance or make other financial arrangements on behalf of any person who is or was a director, officer, employee
or agent of the corporation, or is or was serving at the request of the corporation as a director, officer, employee or agent of another
corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise for any liability asserted against him and liability and expenses incurred
by him in his capacity as a director, officer, employee or agent, or arising out of his status as such, whether or not the corporation
has the authority to indemnify him against such liability and expenses. We
also maintain a general liability insurance policy, which covers certain liabilities of directors and officers of our company arising
out of claims based on acts or omissions in their capacities as directors or officers. Exclusive
Jurisdiction of Certain Actions Unless
we consent in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the Eighth Judicial District Court of Clark County of the State of Nevada
(the “Court”) shall be the sole and exclusive forum for any stockholder (including a beneficial owner) to bring (i) any derivative
action or proceeding brought on behalf of the Company, (ii) any action asserting a claim of breach of a fiduciary duty owed by any Director,
officer or other employee of the Company to the Company or the Company’s stockholders, (iii) any action asserting a claim against
the Company, any director or the Company’s officers or employees arising pursuant to any provision of the NRS, Chapters 78 or 92A
of the NRS or our Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation or our Bylaws, or (iv) any action asserting a claim against the Company,
any director or the Company’s officers or employees governed by the internal affairs doctrine. However, each of these clauses (i)
through (iv) will not apply to any claim (x) as to which the Court determines that there is an indispensable party not subject to the
jurisdiction of the Court (and the indispensable party does not consent to the personal jurisdiction of the Court within ten (10) days
following such determination), (y) for which the Court does not have subject matter jurisdiction, or (z) which is vested in the exclusive
jurisdiction of a court or forum other than the Court, including pursuant to Section 27 of the Exchange Act, which provides for exclusive
federal jurisdiction over suits brought to enforce any duty or liability created by the Exchange Act or the rules and regulations thereunder.
Furthermore, Section 22 of the Securities Act provides for concurrent jurisdiction for federal and state courts over all suits brought
to enforce any duty or liability created by the Securities Act or the rules and regulations thereunder, and as such the exclusive jurisdiction
clauses set forth above would not apply to such suits Although
we believe these provisions benefit us by providing increased consistency in the application of Nevada law for the specified types of
actions and proceedings, the provisions may have the effect of discouraging lawsuits against us or our directors and officers. Any person
or entity purchasing or otherwise acquiring any interest in our shares of capital stock shall be deemed to have notice of and consented
to this exclusive forum provision, but will not be deemed to have waived our compliance with the federal securities laws and the rules
and regulations thereunder. We
have been advised that in the opinion of the SEC, insofar as indemnification for liabilities arising under the Securities Act may be
permitted to our directors, officers and other persons pursuant to the foregoing provisions, or otherwise, such indemnification is against
public policy as expressed in the Securities Act and is therefore unenforceable. In the event a claim for indemnification against such
liabilities (other than payment of expenses incurred or paid by a director or officer in the successful defense of any action, suit or
proceeding) is asserted by such director, officer or other person in connection with the securities being registered, we will, unless
in the opinion of our counsel the matter has been settled by controlling precedent, submit to a court of appropriate jurisdiction the
question of whether such indemnification is against public policy as expressed in the Securities Act and will be governed by the final
adjudication of such issue. II- 2 In
any underwriting agreement we enter into in connection with the sale of Common Stock being registered hereby, the underwriters will agree
to indemnify, under certain conditions, us, our directors, our officers and persons who control us within the meaning of the Securities
Act of 1933, as amended, against certain liabilities. ITEM
16. EXHIBITS Exhibit Number | Description
1.1 | Form of Underwriting Agreement for Common Stock*
1.2 | Form of Underwriting Agreement for Preferred Stock*
1.3 | Form of Underwriting Agreement for Units*
1.4 | Form for Underwriting Agreement for Senior and Subordinated Debt Securities*
3.1 | Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation of the Registrant, dated September 28, 2018 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on October 4, 2018).
3.2 | Amended and Restated Bylaws of the Registrant, dated September 28, 2018 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on October 4, 2018).
3.3 | Certificate of Designation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 17, 2020).
3.4 | Certificate of Change (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on November 13, 2020).
3.5 | Certificate of Amendment, filed on October 31, 2023 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 31, 2023).
4.1 | Form of Common Stock Certificate (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit No. 4.1 to the Company’s Registration Statement on Form S-3 filed on January 29, 2021)
4.2 | Form of Senior Debt Indenture (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Company's Registration Statement on Form S-3 filed on January 29, 2021).
4.3 | Form of Subordinated Debt Indenture (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to the Company's Registration Statement on Form S-3 filed on January 29, 2021).
4.4 | Form of Senior Debt Security*
4.5 | Form of Subordinated Debt Security*
4.6 | Form of Certificate of Designations Creating New Series of Preferred Stock*
4.7 | Form of Specimen Preferred Stock Certificate*
4.8 | Form of Common Stock Warrant Agreement and Warrant Certificate*
4.9 | Form of Preferred Stock Warrant Agreement and Warrant Certificate*
4.10 | Form of Debt Securities Warrant Agreement and Warrant Certificate*
4.11 | Form of Unit Agreement*
5.1 | Opinion of Akerman LLP.
5.2 | Opinion of Snell & Wilmer L.L.P.
12.1 | Statement of Computation of Ratios of Earnings to Fixed Charges and Preferred Stock Dividends*
23.1 | Consent of Akerman LLP (included in Exhibit 5.1).
23.2 | Consent of Snell & Wilmer L.L.P. (included in Exhibit 5.2)
23.3 | Consent of Rosenberg Rich Baker Berman, P.A.
23.4 | Consent of Kost Forer Gabbay & Kasierer, a member of Ernst & Young Global
24.1 | Power of Attorney (included with signature page on this Form S-3)
25.1 | Statement of Eligibility of Trustee under the Senior Debt Indenture#
25.2 | Statement of Eligibility of Trustee under the Subordinated Debt Indenture#
107 | Filing Fee Table * | If applicable, to be filed by amendment or by a report filed under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and incorporated herein by reference. # | To be incorporated herein by reference from a subsequent filing in accordance with Section 305(b)(2) of the Trust Indenture Act of 1939. II- 3 ITEM
17. UNDERTAKINGS The
undersigned registrant hereby undertakes: (1)
To file, during any period in which offers or sales are being made, a post-effective amendment to this registration statement: (i)
To include any prospectus required by Section 10(a)(3) of the Securities Act of 1933; (ii)
To reflect in the prospectus any facts or events arising after the effective date of the registration statement (or the most recent post-effective
amendment thereof) which, individually or in the aggregate, represent a fundamental change in the information set forth in the registration
statement. Notwithstanding the foregoing, any increase or decrease in volume of securities offered (if the total dollar value of securities
offered would not exceed that which was registered) and any deviation from the low or high end of the estimated maximum offering range
may be reflected in the form of prospectus filed with the SEC pursuant to Rule 424(b) if, in the aggregate, the changes in volume and
price represent no more than a 20 percent change in the maximum aggregate offering price set forth in the “Calculation of Registration
fee” table in the effective registration statement; and (iii)
To include any material information with respect to the plan of distribution not previously disclosed in the registration statement or
any material change to such information in the registration statement; provided,
however, that paragraphs (1)(i), (1)(ii) and (1)(iii) shall not apply if the information required to be included in a post-effective
amendment by those paragraphs is contained in reports filed with or furnished to the SEC by the Registrant pursuant to Section 13 or
Section 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 that are incorporated by reference in the registration statement, or is contained
in a form of prospectus filed pursuant to Rule 424(b) that is part of the registration statement. (2)
That, for the purpose of determining any liability under the Securities Act of 1933, each such post-effective amendment shall be deemed
to be a new registration statement relating to the securities offered therein, and the offering of such securities at that time shall
be deemed to be the initial bona fide offering thereof. (3)
To remove from registration by means of a post-effective amendment any of the securities being registered which remain unsold at the
termination of the offering. (4)
That, for the purpose of determining liability under the Securities Act of 1933 to any purchaser: (A)
Each prospectus filed by the registrant pursuant to Rule 424(b)(3) shall be deemed to be part of the registration statement as of the
date the filed prospectus was deemed part of and included in the registration statement; and (B)
Each prospectus required to be filed pursuant to Rule 424(b)(2), (b)(5), or (b)(7) as part of a registration statement in reliance on
Rule 430B relating to an offering made pursuant to Rule 415(a)(1)(i), (vii), or (x) for the purpose of providing the information required
by Section 10(a) of the Securities Act of 1933 shall be deemed to be part of and included in the registration statement as of the earlier
of the date such form of prospectus is first used after effectiveness or the date of the first contract of sale of securities in the
offering described in the prospectus. As provided in Rule 430B, for liability purposes of the issuer and any person that is at that date
an underwriter, such date shall be deemed to be a new effective date of the registration statement relating to the securities in the
registration statement to which that prospectus relates, and the offering of such securities at that time shall be deemed to be the initial
bona fide offering thereof. Provided, however, that no statement made in a registration statement or prospectus that is part of the registration
statement or made in a document incorporated or deemed incorporated by reference into the registration statement or prospectus that is
part of the registration statement will, as to a purchaser with a time of contract of sale prior to such effective date, supersede or
modify any statement that was made in the registration statement or prospectus that was part of the registration statement or made in
any such document immediately prior to such effective date. II- 4 (5)
That, for the purpose of determining liability of the registrant under the Securities Act of 1933 to any purchaser in the initial distribution
of the securities, the undersigned registrant undertakes that in a primary offering of securities of the undersigned registrant pursuant
to this registration statement, regardless of the underwriting method used to sell the securities to the purchaser, if the securities
are offered or sold to such purchaser by means of any of the following communications, the undersigned registrant will be a seller to
the purchaser and will be considered to offer or sell such securities to such purchaser: (i)
Any preliminary prospectus or prospectus of the undersigned registrant relating to the offering required to be filed pursuant to Rule
424; (ii)
Any free writing prospectus relating to the offering prepared by or on behalf of the undersigned registrant or used or referred to by
the undersigned registrant; (iii)
The portion of any other free writing prospectus relating to the offering containing material information about the undersigned registrant
or its securities provided by or on behalf of the undersigned registrant; and (iv)
Any other communication that is an offer in the offering made by the undersigned registrant to the purchaser. (6)
That, for purposes of determining any liability under the Securities Act of 1933, each filing of the registrant’s annual report
pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (and, where applicable, each filing of an employee benefit
plan’s annual report pursuant to Section 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934) that is incorporated by reference in the
registration statement shall be deemed to be a new registration statement relating to the securities offered therein, and the offering
of the securities at that time shall be deemed to be the initial bona fide offering thereof. (7)
That, for purposes of determining any liability under the Securities Act of 1933, the information omitted from the form of prospectus
filed as part of this registration statement in reliance upon Rule 430A and contained in a form of prospectus filed by the registrant
pursuant to Rule 424(b) (1) or (4) or 497(h) under the Securities Act shall be deemed to be part of this registration statement as of
the time it was declared effective. (8)
That, for the purpose of determining any liability under the Securities Act of 1933, each post-effective amendment that contains a form
of prospectus shall be deemed to be a new registration statement relating to the securities offered therein, and the offering of such
securities at that time shall be deemed to be the initial bona fide offering thereof. (9)
To file an application for the purpose of determining the eligibility of the trustee to act under subsection (a) of Section 310 of the
Trust Indenture Act in accordance with the rules and regulations prescribed by the SEC under Section 305(b)(2) of the Act. Insofar
as indemnification for liabilities arising under the Securities Act of 1933 may be permitted to directors, officers or controlling persons
of the Registrant pursuant to the foregoing provisions, or otherwise, the Registrant has been advised that in the opinion of the Securities
and Exchange Commission such indemnification is against public policy as expressed in the Securities Act of 1933 and is, therefore, unenforceable.
In the event that a claim for indemnification against such liabilities (other than the payment by the Registrant of expenses incurred
or paid by a director, officer or controlling person of the Registrant in the successful defense of any action, suit or proceeding) is
asserted by such director, officer or controlling person in connection with the securities being registered, the Registrant will, unless
in the opinion of its counsel the matter has been settled by controlling precedent, submit to a court of appropriate jurisdiction the
question whether such indemnification by it is against public policy as expressed in the Securities Act of 1933 and will be governed
by the final adjudication of such issue. II- 5 SIGNATURES Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, the registrant certifies that it has reasonable grounds to believe that it meets all
of the requirements for filing on Form S-3 and has duly caused this registration statement to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned,
thereunto duly authorized in the City of Marlborough, Massachusetts, on this 2 nd day of February, 2024. ONDAS HOLDINGS INC.
By: | /s/ Eric A. Brock
Eric A. Brock
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer KNOW
ALL MEN BY THESE PRESENTS, that each person whose signature appears below constitutes and appoints Eric A. Brock and Yishay Curelaru,
and each of them, his or her true and lawful attorneys-in-fact and agents, with full power of substitution and resubstitution, for him
or her and in his or her name, place and stead, in any and all capacities, to sign any and all amendments (including post-effective amendments)
to this Registration Statement, and to file the same, with all exhibits thereto, and other documents in connection therewith, with the
Securities and Exchange Commission, granting unto said attorneys-in-fact and agents, and each of them, full power and authority to do
and perform each and every act and thing requisite and necessary to be done, as fully to all intents and purposes as he or she might
or could do in person, hereby ratifying and confirming all that said attorneys-in-fact and agents, or any of them, or his substitute
or substitutes, may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, this registration statement has been signed by the following persons in the capacities
and on the dates indicated. Signature | Title | Date
/s/ Eric A. Brock | Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, and President | February 2, 2024
Eric A. Brock | (Principal Executive Officer)
/s/ Yishay Curelaru | Chief Financial Officer | February 2, 2024
Yishay Curelaru | (Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer)
/s/ Richard M. Cohen | Director | February 2, 2024
Richard M. Cohen
/s/ Randall P. Seidl | Director | February 2, 2024
Randall P. Seidl
/s/ Jaspreet Sood | Director | February 2, 2024
Jaspreet Sood II-6