8-K 1 ea141007-8k_ondashold.htm CURRENT REPORT UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 FORM 8-K CURRENT REPORT Pursuant to Section 13 OR 15(d) of The Securities Exchange Act of 1934 Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported): 
May 17, 2021 Ondas Holdings Inc. (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) Nevada | 001-39761 | 47-2615102
(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation) | (Commission File Number) | (IRS Employer Identification No.) 61 Old South Road, #495, Nantucket, MA 02554 (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) (888) 350-9994 Registrant’s telephone number, including
area code N/A (Former name or former address, if changed since last report.) Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K
filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions: ☐ | Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425) ☒ | Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12) ☐ | Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b)) ☐ | Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c)) Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Title of each class | Trading Symbol(s) | Name of each exchange on which registered
Common Stock, $0.0001 par value per share | ONDS | The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (§230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (§240.12b-2 of this chapter). Emerging growth company ☒ If an emerging growth company, indicate by checkmark
if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards
provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. ☐ Item 1.01. Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement. Agreement and Plan of Merger On May 17, 2021, Ondas Holdings
Inc. (the “ Company ” or “ Ondas ”) entered into an Agreement and Plan of Merger (the “ Agreement ”)
with Drone Merger Sub I Inc., a Delaware corporation and a direct wholly owned subsidiary of the Company (“ Merger Sub I ”),
Drone Merger Sub II Inc., a Delaware corporation and a direct wholly owned subsidiary of the Company (“ Merger Sub II ”
and, together with Merger Sub I, the “ Merger Subs ”), American Robotics, Inc., a Delaware corporation (“ American
Robotics ”), and Reese Mozer, solely in his capacity as the representative of American Robotics’ Stockholders (as defined
in the Agreement). The Agreement provides that,
upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the Agreement, American Robotics will merge with and into Merger Sub I (“ Merger
I ”), with American Robotics as the surviving entity, and American Robotics will then subsequently and immediately merge with
and into Merger Sub II (“ Merger II ” and, together with Merger I, the “ Mergers ”), with Merger Sub II
continuing as the surviving entity and as a direct wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company. The Mergers are subject to customary closing
conditions, including approval by the Company’s stockholders. The transaction is expected to close in the third quarter of 2021. The Agreement provides
that the Company will acquire American Robotics in exchange for (a) cash consideration in an amount equal to (i) $7,500,000, less certain transaction expenses as described in the Agreement (the “ Cash Consideration ”); (b) 6,750,000 validly
issued, fully paid and non-assessable shares of the Company’s common stock, $0.0001 par value per share, as such number may be
adjusted by the terms of the Agreement; (c) warrants, in the form of Exhibit E of the Agreement, exercisable for 1,875,000 shares of
the Company’s common stock, $0.0001 par value per share (each a “Warrant”), as such number may be adjusted
pursuant to the terms of the Agreement; and (d) the cash released to the Company Stockholders from the PPP Loan Escrow Amount (as
defined in the Agreement) (if any). Each Warrant entitles the holder to purchase a number of shares of common stock of the Company
at a price equal to the average of the high and low prices of one share of common stock as reported on Nasdaq on the trading day
immediately preceding the closing date of the Mergers. Each Warrant shall be exercisable in three equal annual installments
commencing on the one year anniversary of the closing date of the Mergers and shall have a term of ten years. The foregoing
description of the Warrant is qualified, in its entirety, by the full text of the Form of Warrant, a copy of which is attached
hereto as Exhibit 4.1, and is incorporated by reference herein. If American Robotics’
PPP loans are not forgiven by the U.S. Small Business Administration (the “ SBA ”) prior to the closing of the Mergers,
a portion of the Cash Consideration equaling Indebtedness owed by American Robotics on either of its PPP loans plus an amount equal to
the amount of interest that would have accrued on such PPP loans as of their maturity dates, will be held in escrow with American Robotics’
PPP lender. If an escrow account is established to hold the PPP Loan Escrow Amount at the closing, such amount or a portion thereof, as
applicable, will be distributed as merger consideration to American Robotics’ Stockholders upon a determination by the SBA that one or
both of the PPP loans are forgivable under the CARES Act. Each of the Company, the Merger
Subs, and American Robotics has provided customary representations, warranties and covenants in the Agreement. The completion of the Mergers
is subject to various closing conditions, including (a) the requisite regulatory approvals being obtained; (b) the absence of any applicable
order (whether temporary, preliminary or permanent) in effect which prohibits the consummation of the Mergers; (c) the absence of any
law of any governmental authority of competent jurisdiction prohibiting the consummation of the Mergers; (d) American Robotics obtaining
the Requisite Company Vote (as defined in the Agreement); and (e) the Company obtaining stockholder approval of the issuance of securities
in the Mergers. The Agreement contains customary
termination rights for both the Company and American Robotics. Both the Company and American Robotics have the right to terminate the
Agreement if the Closing does not occur on or before September 30, 2021. Also on the closing date of
the Mergers, the Company expects to enter into employment agreements and issue up to 1,375,000 restricted stock units under the Company’s
incentive stock plan to key members of American Robotics’ management. The foregoing description
of the Agreement does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by the full text of the Agreement, a copy of which is
attached hereto as Exhibit 2.1, and is incorporated herein by reference. 1 Lock-Up and Registration Rights Agreement In connection with the Mergers,
on May 17, 2021, the Company entered into a lock-up and registration rights agreement, by and among the Company and the directors and
officers of American Robotics (the “ Registration Rights Agreement ”). Pursuant to the Registration Rights Agreement
(i) the Company agreed to file a resale registration statement for the Registrable Securities (as defined in the Registration Rights
Agreement) no later than 90 days following the closing of the Mergers, and to use commercially reasonable efforts to cause it to become
effective as promptly as practicable following such filing, (ii) the directors and officers and other American Robotics stockholders who
sign a joinder to such agreement were granted certain piggyback registration rights with respect to registration statements filed subsequent
to the closing of the Mergers, and (iii) the directors and officers agreed, subject to certain customary exceptions, not to sell, transfer
or dispose of any Company common stock for a period of 180 days from the closing of the Mergers. The foregoing description
of the Registration Rights Agreement does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by the terms and conditions of the
Registration Rights Agreement, which is attached hereto as Exhibit 10.1, and is incorporated herein by reference. Item 3.02. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities. The disclosure included in
Item 1.01 above is incorporated herein by reference. The issuances of shares of the Company’s common stock and Warrants (including the
underlying common stock) in Item 1.01 above will be exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended
(the “ Securities Act ”), in accordance with Section 4(a)(2) and Regulation D, Rule 506 thereunder, as transactions by
an issuer not involving a public offering. Item 7.01. Regulation FD Disclosure. Attached hereto as Exhibit
99.1 and Exhibit 99.2 and incorporated into this Item 7.01 by reference are the investor presentations that will be used by the Company
and American Robotics in making presentations to certain existing stockholders of the Company and other persons with respect to the Mergers. The information in this Item
7.01 (including Exhibits 99.1 and 99.2) is being furnished and shall not be deemed to be filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “ Exchange Act ”), or otherwise be subject to the liabilities of that section,
nor shall it be deemed to be incorporated by reference in any filing under the Securities Act, or the Exchange Act. Item 8.01. Other Events. On May 17, 2021, the Company
and American Robotics issued a joint press release announcing the signing of the Agreement. A copy of the press release is attached hereto
as Exhibit 99.3, and is incorporated herein by reference. 2 Item 9.01. Financial Statements and Exhibits . (d) Exhibits Exhibit No. | Description
2.1* | Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of May 17, 2021
4.1 | Form of Warrant (included as Exhibit E to Exhibit 2.1 of this report)
10.1 | Lock-Up and Registration Rights Agreement, dated May 17, 2021
99.1** | Investor Presentation, dated May 2021
99.2** | Investor Presentation, dated May 2021
99.3 | Press release, dated May 17, 2021 * | Schedules have been omitted pursuant to Item 601(a)(5) of Regulation S-K. The registrant hereby undertakes to furnish copies of any of the omitted schedules upon request by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (“ SEC ”). ** | Furnished but not filed. Additional Information about the Transaction and Where to Find It In connection with the proposed
transaction described herein, Ondas intends to file relevant materials with the SEC, including a preliminary proxy statement and, when
available, a definitive proxy statement. Promptly after filing its definitive proxy statement with the SEC, Ondas will mail the definitive
proxy statement and a proxy card to each Ondas stockholder entitled to vote at the meeting of stockholders relating to the transaction.
INVESTORS AND STOCKHOLDERS OF ONDAS ARE URGED TO READ THESE MATERIALS (INCLUDING ANY AMENDMENTS OR SUPPLEMENTS THERETO) AND ANY OTHER
RELEVANT DOCUMENTS IN CONNECTION WITH THE TRANSACTION THAT ONDAS FILES WITH THE SEC WHEN THEY BECOME AVAILABLE BECAUSE THESE DOCUMENTS
WILL CONTAIN IMPORTANT INFORMATION ABOUT ONDAS, AMERICAN ROBOTICS, AND THE TRANSACTION. The definitive proxy statement, the preliminary
proxy statement, and other relevant materials in connection with the transaction (when they become available), and any other documents
filed by Ondas with the SEC, may be obtained free of charge at the SEC’s website (www.sec.gov) or by visiting Ondas’ investor relations
section at www.ondas.com. The information contained on, or that may be accessed through, the websites referenced in this Current Report
on Form 8-K is not incorporated by reference into, and is not a part of, this Current Report on Form 8-K or any document filed by Ondas
with the SEC. Participants in the Solicitation Ondas and its directors and
executive officers may be deemed participants in the solicitation of proxies from Ondas’ stockholders with respect to the transaction.
The names and other information about those directors and executive officers and a description of their ownership of Ondas common stock
and other interests in Ondas and in the transaction will be included in the definitive proxy statement relating to the transaction and
will be available at www.sec.gov. Additional information regarding the interests of such participants will be contained in the definitive
proxy statement relating to the transaction when available. Other information regarding the interests of the participants in the proxy
solicitation will be included in the definitive proxy statement relating to the transaction when it becomes available. These documents
can be obtained free of charge from the source indicated above. No Offer or Solicitation This report does not constitute
an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any securities or a solicitation of any vote or approval, by Ondas, nor shall
there be any sale of the securities in any state in which such offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful before the registration or
qualification under the securities laws of such state. Any offering of the securities will only be by means of a statutory prospectus
meeting the requirements of the rules and regulations of the SEC and applicable law. 3 Forward Looking Statements Statements made in this Current
Report on Form 8-K that are not statements of historical or current facts are “forward-looking statements” within the meaning
of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Ondas cautions readers that forward-looking statements are predictions based
on its current expectations about future events. Examples of forward-looking statements include, among others, statements made in this
Current Report on Form 8-K regarding the proposed transaction contemplated by the definitive agreement, including the benefits of the
transaction, revenue opportunities, anticipated future financial and operating performance, and results, including expectations for growth,
and the expected timing of the transaction. Because forward-looking statements relate to the future, they are subject to inherent uncertainties,
risks, and changes in circumstances that are difficult to predict and many of which are outside of Ondas’ control. Therefore, you should
not rely on any of these forward-looking statements. Important factors that could cause actual results and outcomes to differ materially
from those indicated in the forward-looking statements include, among others, the following: (1) the occurrence of any event, change,
or other circumstances that could give rise to the termination of the transaction; (2) the failure to obtain financing required to complete
the transaction; (3) the inability to complete the transaction, including due to failure to obtain approval of the stockholders of Ondas,
required regulatory approvals, or satisfy other conditions to closing in the definitive agreement; (4) the risk that the transaction disrupts
current plans and operations as a result of the announcement and consummation of the transaction; (5) the ability to recognize the anticipated
benefits of the transaction, which may be affected by, among other things, competition, the ability of management to integrate the combined
company’s business and operation, and the ability of the parties to retain key employees; (6) costs related to the transaction; (7) risks
relating to the uncertainty of pro forma and projected financial information with respect to the combined company; and (8) other risks
and uncertainties indicated from time to time in the preliminary and definitive proxy statements to be filed with the SEC relating to
the transaction, including those under “Risk Factors” therein, and in Ondas’ other filings with the SEC. Ondas cautions that
the foregoing list of factors is not exhaustive. Ondas cautions readers not to place undue reliance upon any forward-looking statements,
which speak only as of the date made. Ondas does not undertake or accept any obligation or undertaking to release publicly any updates
or revisions to any forward-looking statements to reflect any change in their expectations or any change in events, conditions, or circumstances
on which any such statement is based, whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise, except as may be required by
applicable law. Ondas gives no assurance that after the transaction the combined company will achieve its expectations. 4 SIGNATURES Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the
undersigned hereunto duly authorized. Date: May 17, 2021 | ONDAS HOLDINGS INC.
By: | /s/ Eric A. Brock
Eric A. Brock
Chief Executive Officer 5