S-3 1 ea192476-s3_ondashold.htm REGISTRATION STATEMENT As
filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 2, 2024 Registration
No. 333-________ UNITED
STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 FORM
S-3 REGISTRATION
STATEMENT UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933 ONDAS
HOLDINGS INC. (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) Nevada (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) 47-2615102 (IRS Employer Identification Number) 53
Brigham Street, Unit 4, Marlborough,
MA 01752 (888) 350-9994 (Address, including zip code, and telephone number, including area code, of registrant’s principal executive offices) Eric
A. Brock Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Ondas Holdings Inc. 53 Brigham Street, Unit 4, Marlborough, MA 01752 (888) 350-9994 (Name, address, including zip code, and telephone number, including area code, of agent for service) With
a copy to: Christina C. Russo, Esq. Akerman LLP 98 Southeast Seventh Street Suite
1100 Miami,
Florida 33131 Telephone:
(305) 374-5600 Approximate
date of commencement of proposed sale to the public : From time to time after the effective date of this registration statement, as
determined by the selling stockholder. If
the only securities being registered on this Form are being offered pursuant to dividend or interest reinvestment plans, please check
the following box: ☐ If
any of the securities being registered on this Form are to be offered on a delayed or continuous basis pursuant to Rule 415 under the
Securities Act of 1933, other than securities offered only in connection with dividend or interest reinvestment plans, check the following
box: ☒ If
this Form is filed to register additional securities for an offering pursuant to Rule 462(b) under the Securities Act, please check the
following box and list the Securities Act registration statement number of the earlier effective registration statement for the same
offering. ☐ If
this Form is a post-effective amendment filed pursuant to Rule 462(c) under the Securities Act, check the following box and list the
Securities Act registration statement number of the earlier effective registration statement for the same offering. ☐ If
this Form is a registration statement pursuant to General Instruction I.D. or a post-effective amendment thereto that shall become effective
upon filing with the Commission pursuant to Rule 462(e) under the Securities Act, check the following box: ☐ If
this Form is a post-effective amendment to a registration statement filed pursuant to General Instruction I.D. filed to register additional
securities or additional classes of securities pursuant to Rule 413(b) under the Securities Act, check the following box: ☐ Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting
company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of “large accelerated filer,” “accelerated filer,” “smaller
reporting company” and “emerging growth company” in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. Large accelerated filer | ☐ | Accelerated filer | ☐
Non-accelerated filer | ☒ | Smaller reporting company | ☒
Emerging growth company | ☐ If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the Securities Act. ☐ The
registrant hereby amends this registration statement on such date or dates as may be necessary to delay its effective date until the
registrant shall file a further amendment which specifically states that this registration statement shall thereafter become effective
in accordance with Section 8(a) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended or until the registration statement shall become effective
on such date as the Commission acting pursuant to said Section 8(a), may determine. The
information in this prospectus is not complete and may be changed. The selling stockholder may not sell these securities until the registration
statement filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission is declared effective. This prospectus is not an offer to sell these securities
and is not soliciting an offer to buy these securities in any state where the offer or sale is not permitted. PRELIMINARY PROSPECTUS SUBJECT TO COMPLETION
DATED FEBRUARY 2, 2024 PRELIMINARY
PROSPECTUS ONDAS
HOLDINGS INC. 10,200,000
Shares of Common Stock underlying Warrants The selling stockholder may
offer and sell from time to time up to an aggregate of 10,200,000 shares of Ondas Holdings Inc. (the “Company”) common stock
(“Common Stock”), underlying outstanding Warrants at an exercise price of $0.89 per share (defined below) issued to the selling
shareholder. These securities were issued to the Initial Purchaser (defined below) in connection with the Preferred Stock Purchase Agreement
( the “Agreement”) dated July 9, 2023 by and between Ondas Networks Inc., a Delaware corporation (“Networks”)
and subsidiary of the Company, and Stage 1 Growth Fund LLC (Series WAVE, Class A (the “Initial Purchaser”), as amended by
the Amendment to Preferred Stock Purchase Agreement (the “Amendment,” and together with the Agreement, the “Amended
Agreement”), dated July 21, 2023, by and between Networks and the Initial Purchaser. Pursuant to the Amended Agreement, the initial
closing (the “Initial Closing”) occurred on July 21, 2023 and the second closing (the “Second Closing”) occurred
on August 11, 2023. For information concerning the selling stockholder and the manner in which they may offer and sell shares of our Common
Stock, see “Selling stockholder” and “Plan of Distribution” in this prospectus. We
are not selling any securities under this prospectus and we will not receive any proceeds from the sale by the selling stockholder of
their shares of Common Stock but will receive proceeds from the exercise of the Warrants if the Warrants are exercised, which proceeds
will be used for working capital and other general corporate purposes. Our Common Stock is traded on the NASDAQ Capital Market (the “Nasdaq”),
under the symbol “ONDS.” As of February 1, 2024, the last reported sale price of our Common Stock on the Nasdaq was $1.38. Investing
in our securities involves risks. See “Risk Factors,” beginning on page 6 and in any other documents incorporated by reference
herein or therein, for factors you should consider before buying any of our securities. You
should rely only on the information contained in this prospectus. We have not authorized any dealer, salesperson or other person to provide
you with information concerning us, except for the information contained in this prospectus. The information contained in this prospectus
is complete and accurate only as of the date on the front cover page of this prospectus, regardless of the time of delivery of this prospectus
or the sale of any Common Stock. This prospectus is not an offer to sell these securities and we are not soliciting an offer to buy these
securities in any state where the offer or sale is not permitted. Neither
the Securities and Exchange Commission nor any state securities commission has approved or disapproved of these securities or determined
if this prospectus is truthful or complete. Any representation to the contrary is a criminal offense. The
date of this prospectus is , 2024 TABLE
OF CONTENTS ABOUT THIS PROSPECTUS | ii
PROSPECTUS SUMMARY | 1
THE OFFERING | 5
RISK FACTORS | 6
SPECIAL NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS | 7
USE OF PROCEEDS | 8
SELLING STOCKHOLDER | 9
PLAN OF DISTRIBUTION | 10
INCORPORATION OF CERTAIN INFORMATION BY REFERENCE | 12
WHERE YOU CAN FIND MORE INFORMATION | 13
LEGAL MATTERS | 14
EXPERTS | 15
PART II | II-1
SIGNATURES | II-5 i ABOUT
THIS PROSPECTUS This prospectus is part of a registration statement on Form S-3 that
we filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”), using a “shelf” registration process for the
delayed offering and sale of securities pursuant to Rule 415 under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”).
Under the shelf process, the selling stockholder may, from time to time, sell the offered securities described in this prospectus in one
or more offerings. Additionally, under the shelf process, in certain circumstances, we may provide a prospectus supplement that will contain
specific information about the terms of a particular offering by one or more of the selling stockholder. We may also provide a prospectus
supplement to add information to, or update or change information contained in, this prospectus. This
prospectus does not contain all of the information set forth in the registration statement, portions of which we have omitted as permitted
by the rules and regulations of the SEC. Statements contained in this prospectus as to the contents of any contract or other document
are not necessarily complete. You should refer to the copy of each contract or document filed as an exhibit to the registration statement
for a complete description. You
should rely only on the information contained in or incorporated by reference into this prospectus or any applicable prospectus supplements
filed with the SEC. We have not authorized anyone to provide you with different or additional information and, if you are given any information
or representation about these matters that is not contained or incorporated by reference in this prospectus or a prospectus supplement,
you must not rely on that information. The selling stockholder are offering to sell and seeking offers to buy shares of our Common Stock
only in jurisdictions in which offers and sales are permitted. The information contained in this prospectus is accurate only as of the
date of this prospectus, regardless of the time of delivery of this prospectus or any sale of Common Stock. Unless the context otherwise
requires, all references in this prospectus to “Ondas” “Ondas Holdings” the “Company,” “we,”
“us,” and “our” refer to Ondas Holdings Inc. and our consolidated subsidiaries, Ondas Networks Inc. Ondas Autonomous
Holdings Inc., Airobotics Ltd. and American Robotics, Inc.; unless otherwise specified, references to “Ondas Networks” refers
to Ondas Networks Inc., references to “OAH” refers to Ondas Autonomous Holdings Inc., references to “Airobotics”
refers to Airobotics Ltd., and references to “American Robotics” refers to American Robotics, Inc.. Unless otherwise stated
or indicated by context, the phrase “this prospectus” refers to the prospectus and any applicable prospectus supplement. ii PROSPECTUS
SUMMARY This
summary does not contain all of the information that is important to you. You should read the entire prospectus carefully, including
the “Risk Factors” section and the consolidated financial statements and related notes included in this prospectus or incorporated
by reference into this prospectus, before making an investment decision. Overview Ondas
Holdings Inc. is a leading provider of private wireless, drone, and automated data solutions through its subsidiaries Ondas Networks
Inc. (“Ondas Networks”), Ondas Autonomous Holdings Inc., Airobotics Ltd. (“Airobotics”), and American
Robotics, Inc. (“American Robotics” or “AR”). Airobotics is an Israeli-based developer of autonomous drone
systems. American Robotics is a leading developer of highly automated commercial drone systems. Airobotics and American Robotics
operate together under OAH as a separate business unit called Ondas Autonomous Systems. Ondas Networks and Ondas Autonomous Systems
together provide users in rail, energy, mining, agriculture, public safety and critical infrastructure and government markets with
improved connectivity, data collection capabilities, and data collection and information processing capabilities. We operate Ondas
Networks and Ondas Autonomous Systems as separate business segments, and the following is a discussion of each segment. Ondas
Networks Segment Ondas
Networks provides wireless connectivity solutions enabling mission-critical Industrial Internet applications and services. We refer to
these applications as the Mission-Critical Internet of Things (“MC-IoT”). Our wireless networking products are applicable
to a wide range of MC-IoT applications, which are most often located at the very edge of large industrial networks. These applications
require secure, real-time connectivity with the ability to process large amounts of data at the edge of large industrial networks. Such
applications are required in all of the major critical infrastructure markets, including rail, electric grids, drones, oil and gas, and
public safety, homeland security and government, where secure, reliable and fast operational decisions are required in order to improve
efficiency and ensure a high degree of safety and security. We
design, develop, manufacture, sell and support FullMAX, our patented, Software Defined Radio (“SDR”) platform for secure,
licensed, private, wide-area broadband networks. Our customers install FullMAX systems in order to upgrade and expand their legacy wide-area
network infrastructure. Our MC-IoT intellectual property has been adopted by the Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers (“IEEE”),
the leading worldwide standards body in data networking protocols, and forms the core of the IEEE 802.16s standard. Because standards-based
communications solutions are preferred by our mission-critical customers and ecosystem partners, we have taken a leadership position
in IEEE as it relates to wireless networking for industrial markets. As such, management believes this standards-based approach supports
the adoption of our technology across a burgeoning ecosystem of global partners and end markets. Our
software-based FullMAX platform is an important and timely upgrade solution for privately-owned and operated wireless wide-area networks,
leveraging Internet Protocol-based communications to provide more reliability and data capacity for our mission-critical infrastructure
customers. We believe industrial and critical infrastructure markets throughout the globe have reached an inflection point where legacy
serial and analog based protocols and network transport systems no longer meet industry needs. In addition to offering enhanced data
throughput, FullMAX is an intelligent networking platform enabling the adoption of sophisticated operating systems and equipment supporting
next-generation MC-IoT applications over wide field areas. These new MC-IoT applications and related equipment require more processing
power at the edge of large industrial networks and the efficient utilization of network capacity and scarce bandwidth resources which
can be supported by the “Fog-computing” capability integrated in our end-to-end network platform. Fog-computing utilizes
management software to enable edge compute processing and data and application prioritization in the field enabling our customers more
reliable, real-time operating control of these new, intelligent MC-IoT equipment and applications at the edge. 1 Our
Partnership with Siemens Mobility In
April 2020, Ondas Networks entered into a strategic partnership with Siemens Mobility (“Siemens”), a worldwide leader in
seamless, sustainable, reliable and secure transportation solutions for more than 160 years, to both market our FullMAX-based networking
technology and services and to jointly develop wireless communications products for the North American Rail Industry based on Siemens’
Advanced Train Control System (“ATCS”) protocol and our FullMAX MC-IoT platform. We
believe Siemens has both the sales and marketing reach and support to drive our technology to wide scale acceptance across the global
rail market beginning with the North American Class I Railroad market. In the third quarter of 2021 we completed the development of our
first jointly-developed product with Siemens – the dual-mode ATCS/MC-IoT radio systems. Siemens is now marketing and selling these
proprietary systems under the brand name Airlink to our railroad customers. The dual-mode ATCS radio systems support Siemens’ extensive
installed base of ATCS radios as well as offer Siemens’ customers the ability to support a host of new advanced rail applications
utilizing our MC-IoT wireless system. These new applications, including Advanced Grade Crossing Activation and Monitoring, Wayside Inspection,
Railcar Monitoring and next generation signaling and train control systems, are designed to increase railroad productivity, reduce costs
and improve safety. In addition, Siemens markets and sells Ondas Networks’ standalone MC-IoT 802.16 products under the Siemens
Airlink brand. Our
relationship with Siemens has expanded significantly since entering into the partnership both with (i) the wider marketing of our wireless
technology platform and (ii) multiple additional joint-product programs. Siemens has expanded its marketing reach of Ondas Networks products
with identified opportunities in North American Passenger and Transit Rail as well as in European and Asian Rail markets. We believe
our technology has broad potential in these large, newly targeted markets. In
November 2021, Siemens secured its first commercial 900 MHz rail order for a major Class I Railroad in the United States which was delivered
in December 2021. In August 2022, we announced that we had secured an initial volume order from Siemens for the Class I Rail 900 MHz
Network consisting of both ATCS compatible products along with Ondas’ catalog products. In September 2022, we received government
authorization to sell ATCS radios in Canada. In March 2023 the Association of American Railroads (“AAR”) formally announced
that IEEE 802.16 standard would be the wireless platform for the greenfield 900 MHz network. The AAR also confirmed they have agreed
with the Federal Communications Committee to retire the legacy 900 MHs band by September 2025 and that the wireless network in the new
900 MHz band would be substantially built by April 2026. Additional
Critical Markets We
have launched additional initiatives to take our MC-IoT connectivity and ecosystem partnering strategy into other critical infrastructure
markets. In June 2022, we announced the first successful installation of our technology into an Integrated Coastal Surveillance System
(ICSS) in the Caribbean with a global defense contractor. In the fourth quarter of 2022, we received and delivered on a new ICSS order
for the defense contractor to be deployed in India. We expect additional orders from this defense vendor for the ICSS application in
2023. We believe our FullMAX technology’s licensed frequency flexibility, reliability, and long communications range over ocean
surfaces, is broadening the scale of our technology in this emerging market for homeland security. Ondas
Autonomous Systems Segment Our
Ondas Autonomous Systems business unit designs, develops, and markets commercial drone solutions via the Optimus System™ and Scout
System™ (the “Autonomous Drone Platforms”). 2 The
Autonomous Drone Platforms are highly automated, AI-powered drone systems capable of continuous, remote operation and are marketed as
“drone-in-a-box” turnkey data solution services. They are deployed for critical industrial and government applications where
data and information collection and processing are required. These use cases include public safety, security and smart city deployments
where routine, high-resolution automated emergency response, mapping, surveying, and inspection services are highly valued, in addition
to industrial markets such as oil & gas, rail and ports which emphasize security and inspection solutions. The Autonomous Drone Platforms
are typically provided to customers under a Data-as-a-Service (DaaS) business model, while some customers will choose to purchase and
own and operate an Optimus Systems™. American
Robotics and Airobotics have industry leading regulatory successes which include having the first drone system approved by the Federal
Aviation Administration (“FAA”) for automated operation beyond-visual-line-of-sight (BVLOS) without a human operator on-site. In
addition to the Autonomous Drone Platforms, we also offer a counter-drone system called the Raider™. The Raider™ was developed
by Iron Drone Ltd. (“Iron Drone”), an Israeli-based company specializing in the development of autonomous counter-drone systems,
and is deployed by government and enterprise customers to provide security and protect critical infrastructure, assets and people from
the threat of hostile drones. Ondas Holdings acquired the assets of Iron Drone on March 6, 2023. Autonomous
Drone Platforms We
design, develop and manufacture autonomous drone systems, providing high-fidelity, ultra-high-resolution aerial data to enterprise and
government customers. We currently prioritize the marketing of our Optimus System™ which provides customers with a turnkey data
and information solution and the ability to continuously digitize, analyze, and monitor their assets and field operations in real-time
or near real-time. We believe the market opportunity for our Scout System™ remains significant. As we drive market adoption with
the Optimus platform, we anticipate re-introducing the Scout platform including newly enhanced versions to help segment the market for
different use cases and price points. The
Optimus System™ has been designed from the ground up as an end-to-end product capable of continuous unattended operations in the
real world. Powered by innovations in robotics automation, machine vision, edge computing, and AI. Once installed in the field at customer
locations, a fleet of connected Optimus Systems™, which are often deployed as networked drone infrastructure, which we refer to
as Urban Drone Infrastructure, remains indefinitely positioned in an area of operation, automatically collecting and seamlessly delivering
data and information regularly and reliably. We
market the Optimus System™ under a DaaS business model, whereby our drone platform aggregates customer data and provides the data
analytics meeting customer requirements in return for an annual subscription fee. Some customers purchase Optimus Systems™ to own
and operate themselves. We also engage distributors to assist in the sales and marketing of our Optimus System™ in geographic markets
where it is more cost effective to identify and service potential customers by engaging local third parties. These distribution agreements
can include joint ventures, where Ondas Autonomous Systems will provide technical expertise to support the joint venture partner in the
provision of aerial data services to customers. The
Optimus System™ consists of (i) Optimus™, a highly automated, AI-powered drone with advanced imaging payloads, (ii) the Airbase™,
a ruggedized weatherproof base station for housing, battery swapping, battery charging, payload swapping, data processing, and cloud
transfer, and (iii) Insightful™, a secure web portal and API which enables remote interaction with the system, data, and resulting
analytics anywhere in the world. These major subsystems are connected via a host of supporting technologies. Airbase™ has internal
robotic systems that enable the automated swapping of batteries and payloads. Automated battery swapping allows for 24/7 operation of
Optimus as the Optimus drone can immediately be redeployed after returning to the dock for a battery swap. Similarly, the ability to
autonomously swap sensors and advanced payloads without human intervention allows for the Optimus System to provide multiple applications
and use cases from a single location. 3 American
Robotics and Airobotics have industry leading regulatory successes which include having the first drone system approved by the FAA for
automated operation BVLOS without a human operator or visual observer on-site. American Robotics’ FAA approvals were enabled by
integrating a suite of proprietary technologies, including Detect-and-Avoid (“DAA”) and other proprietary intelligent safety
systems into its autonomous drone platform, which we plan to integrate into the Optimus System™. Airobotics is in the advanced
stages of receiving approval for Type Certification (“TC”) from the FAA for the Optimus UAV. TC approval will enable expanded
operation for the Optimus System™ in the United States including flight operations in populated areas. The
Raider™ The
Raider™ is a counter-drone system, which was designed and developed by Iron Drone, that we are marketing to government and enterprise
customers who can utilize the system for security and the protection of critical infrastructure, assets and people from the threat of
hostile drones. A typical Raider™ deployment location would include sensitive locations such as borders, stadiums or schools, or
near critical assets such as power plants and military bases, and for high profile locations such as amusement parks or where public
events are held. The
Raider™ is designed to detect, track and intercept unauthorized, or hostile unmanned aircraft and is most often sold with three
small UAVs that are housed in a docking station. The Raider UAV has live video capability and a payload containing a net that can be
deployed to intercept a hostile drone. Upon detection of an unauthorized drone, one or more Raider™ UAVs can be autonomously deployed
at high speeds to track the unauthorized aircraft. If the unauthorized aircraft is deemed hostile, the Raider™ UAV can deploy the
netting to physically intercept the aircraft. A parachute integrated with the netting allows the intercepted drone to safely fall to
the ground for collection by our customer. Corporate
Information Ondas’ corporate
headquarters are located in Marlborough, Massachusetts. Ondas Networks has offices and facilities in Sunnyvale, California, American
Robotics’ offices and facilities are located in Marlborough, Massachusetts, and Airobotics’ offices and facilities are
located in Petah Tikva, Israel. Our telephone number is (888) 350-9994 and our Internet website address is www.ondas.com. The
information on our website is not a part of, or incorporated in, this prospectus. 4 THE
OFFERING Common Stock outstanding prior to the offering: | 61,945,413 shares
Common Stock to be issued upon exercise of the Warrants: | 10,200,000 shares
Common Stock to be offered by the selling stockholder: | 10,200,000 shares underlying the Warrants
Common Stock outstanding immediately following the offering: | 72,145,413 shares (including 10,200,000 shares underlying the Warrants)
Use of proceeds: | We will not receive any proceeds from the sale of the shares of Common Stock by the selling stockholder but will receive proceeds from the exercise of the Warrants if the Warrants are exercised for cash, which proceeds will be used for working capital and other general corporate purposes. See “Use of Proceeds.”
Risk Factors: | See “Risk Factors” beginning on page 6 of this prospectus for a discussion of factors you should carefully consider before deciding to invest in shares of our Common Stock.
Stock Symbol: | NASDAQ: ONDS The number of shares of our common stock to be outstanding after this
offering is based on 61,945,413 shares of our common stock outstanding as of February 1, 2024, and assuming the exercise of the Warrants
and excluding the following: ● | 91,438,533 shares of common stock issuable upon conversion of our 3% B-1 Senior Convertible Notes due 2025 and 3% B-2 Senior Convertible Notes due 2025;
● | 554,466 shares of common stock issuable upon vesting of outstanding restricted stock units;
● | 4,778,181 shares of common stock issuable upon the exercise of outstanding stock options;
● | 12,566,092 shares of common stock issuable upon the exercise of outstanding warrants; and
● | 3,852,532 shares of common stock reserved for future issuance under our equity incentive plans. 5 RISK
FACTORS Investing
in our securities involves significant risks. Before making an investment decision, you should consider carefully the risks, uncertainties
and other factors described under “Risk Factors” in our most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K, as supplemented and updated
by subsequent quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K that we have filed or will file with the SEC, and in other
documents which are incorporated by reference into this prospectus. If
any of these risks were to occur, our business, affairs, prospects, assets, financial condition, results of operations and cash flow
could be materially and adversely affected. If this occurs, the market or trading price of our securities could decline, and you could
lose all or part of your investment. In addition, please read “Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements” in this prospectus,
where we describe additional uncertainties associated with our business and the forward-looking statements included or incorporated by
reference into this prospectus. 6 SPECIAL
NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS This
prospectus and the documents incorporated by reference in this prospectus contain “forward-looking statements” within
the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act and Section 21E of the Exchange Act. These statements, which in some cases, you can
identify by terms such as “may,” “will,” “should,” “could,” “would,” “expects,”
“plans,” “anticipates,” “believes,” “estimates,” “projects,” “predicts,”
“potential” and similar expressions intended to identify forward-looking statements, relate to future events or to our future
operating or financial performance and involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors which may cause our actual results,
performance or achievements to be materially different from any future results, performances or achievements expressed or implied by
the forward-looking statements. These statements include statements regarding our operations, cash flows, financial position and economic
performance including, in particular, future sales, competition and the effect of economic conditions. These statements reflect our current
views with respect to future events and are based on assumptions and subject to risks and uncertainties. Although
we believe that these statements are based upon reasonable assumptions, these statements expressing opinions about future outcomes and
non-historical information are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties, many of which are beyond our control, and reflect future
business decisions that are subject to change and, therefore, there is no assurance that the outcomes expressed in these statements will
be achieved. Some of the assumptions, future results and levels of performance expressed or implied in the forward-looking statements
we have made or may make in the future inevitably will not materialize, and unanticipated events may occur which will affect our results.
Investors are cautioned that forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and actual results or developments may
differ materially from the expectations expressed in forward-looking statements contained herein. Given these uncertainties, you should
not place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements. We discuss many of these risks and uncertainties in greater detail under “Risk
Factors” discussed under the caption “Item 1A. Risk Factors” in Part I of our most recent Annual Report
on Form 10-K or any updates discussed under the caption “Item 1A. Risk Factors” in Part II of our Quarterly Reports
on Form 10-Q, together with all of the other information appearing in or incorporated by reference into this prospectus. You should read
this prospectus completely and with the understanding that our actual future results may be materially different from what we expect.
We qualify all of the forward-looking statements in this prospectus by these cautionary statements. We undertake no obligation to publicly
update any forward-looking statement, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as may be required under
the securities laws of the United States. You are advised, however, to consult any additional disclosures we make in our reports filed
with the SEC. 7 USE
OF PROCEEDS We will not receive any proceeds from the sale of the shares of Common
Stock by the selling stockholder but will receive proceeds from the exercise of the Warrants if the Warrants are exercised for cash, which
proceeds will be used for working capital and other general corporate purposes. 8 SELLING STOCKHOLDER The following table provides
information about the selling stockholder, listing how many shares of our Common Stock the selling stockholder own on the date of this
prospectus, how many shares may be offered by this prospectus, and the number and percentage of outstanding shares the selling stockholder
will own after the offering, assuming all shares covered by this prospectus are sold. The information concerning beneficial ownership
has been provided by the selling stockholder. Information concerning the selling stockholder may change from time to time, and any changed
information will be set forth if and when required in prospectus supplements or other appropriate forms permitted to be used by the SEC. We do not know when or in
what amounts the selling stockholder may offer shares for sale. The selling stockholder may choose not to sell any or all of the shares
offered by this prospectus. Because the selling stockholder may offer all or some of the shares, and because there are currently no agreements,
arrangements or understandings with respect to the sale of any of the shares, we cannot accurately report the number of the shares that
will be held by the selling stockholder after completion of the offering. However, for purposes of this table, we have assumed that, after
completion of the offering, all of the shares covered by this prospectus will be sold by the selling stockholder. The number of shares outstanding, and the percentage of beneficial
ownership, post-offering are based on 72,145,413 shares of Common Stock issued and outstanding as of the conclusion of the offering, calculated
on the basis of (i) 61,945,413 shares of Common Stock issued and outstanding as of February 1, 2024 prior to the offering and (ii)
assuming the exercise and sale by the selling stockholder of the 10,200,000 shares of Common Stock underlying the Warrants. For the purposes
of the following table, the number of shares of Common Stock beneficially owned has been determined in accordance with Rule 13d-3 under
the Exchange Act, and such information is not necessarily indicative of beneficial ownership for any other purpose. Under Rule 13d-3,
beneficial ownership includes any shares as to which the selling stockholder have sole or shared voting power or investment power and
also any shares which each selling shareholder, respectively, has the right to acquire within 60 days of the date of this prospectus through
the exercise of any stock option, warrant or other rights. Selling Stockholder | Shares of Common Stock Owned Before the Offering (1) | Shares of Common Stock to be Offered for the Selling Stockholder’s Account (2) | Shares of Common Stock Owned by the Selling Stockholder after the Offering | Percent of Common Stock to be Owned by the Selling Stockholder after the Offering
Stage 1 Growth Fund LLC (Series WAVE, Class A) | - | 10,200,000 | - | - (1) | This column does not include shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of the Warrants. (2) | This column includes shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of the Warrants. None of the selling stockholder have, or within the past three years
have had, any position, office or material relationship with us or any of our predecessors or affiliates, except as follows: The Initial Purchaser directly holds the Warrants (as defined below).
Charles & Potomac Capital, LLC ("C&P), a private investment firm, has voting and dispositive power over the Warrants and,
as a result, is the beneficial owner (as defined in Rule 13d-3 of the Act) of 10,200,000 shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise
of the Warrants. Joseph Popolo is the Chief Executive Officer of C&P. Mr. Popolo serves as a director of Ondas Networks Inc. On
July 9, 2023, the Initial Purchaser entered into the Agreement, as amended by the Amendment with Ondas Networks, which provided for,
among other things, the issuance of warrants to purchase the shares of Common Stock of the Company. Pursuant to the Amended Agreement,
on July 21, 2023, the Initial Purchaser purchased 329,238 shares of preferred stock of Ondas Networks in the Initial Closing for an aggregate
purchase price of $11,508,517 and, in connection with the Initial Closing, the Company issued to the Initial Purchaser, warrants to purchase
7,825,792 Shares at an exercise price of $0.89, on a one-to-one basis (the “Initial Warrants”), which became exercisable
as of October 19, 2023. On August 11, 2023, in connection with the Second Closing, the Company issued to the Initial Purchaser, warrants
to purchase 2,374,208 shares of Common Stock at an exercise price of $0.89, on a one-to-one basis (the “Subsequent Warrants,”
and together with the Initial Warrants, the “Warrants”). The Subsequent Warrants became exercisable as of November 9, 2023. The
Company and the Initial Purchaser entered into, (i) at the Initial Closing, a registration rights agreement, as amended, modified or
waived from time to time (the “Initial Registration Rights Agreement”) with respect to the shares of Common Stock issuable
upon the exercise of the Initial Warrants and (ii) at the Second Closing, a registration rights agreement, as amended, modified or waived
from time to time (the “Subsequent Registration Rights Agreement,” and together with the Initial Registration Rights Agreement,
the “Registration Rights Agreements”) with respect to the shares of Common Stock issuable upon the exercise of the Subsequent
Warrants. The Registration Rights Agreements require the Company to, among other things, file a registration statement with the SEC covering
the resale of the shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of the Warrants. This registration statement on Form S-3 is being filed
pursuant to the terms of the Registration Rights Agreements. 9 PLAN
OF DISTRIBUTION Selling
Stockholder We are registering the shares
of Common Stock to permit the resale of these shares of Common Stock by the selling stockholder from time to time after the date of this
prospectus. We will not receive any of the proceeds from the sale by the selling stockholder of the shares of Common Stock but will receive
proceeds from the exercise of the Warrants, if the Warrants are exercised for cash, which proceeds will be used for working capital and
other general corporate purposes. We will bear all fees and expenses incident to our obligation to register the shares of Common Stock. The selling stockholder, which
as used herein includes donees, pledgees, transferees or other successors-in-interest selling shares of Common Stock or interests in shares
of Common Stock received after the date of this prospectus from a selling stockholder as a gift, pledge, partnership distribution or other
transfer, may, from time to time, sell, transfer or otherwise dispose of any or all of their shares of Common Stock or interests in shares
of Common Stock on any stock exchange, market or trading facility on which the shares are traded or in private transactions. These dispositions
may be at fixed prices, at prevailing market prices at the time of sale, at prices related to the prevailing market price, at varying
prices determined at the time of sale, or at negotiated prices. The selling stockholder may
use any one or more of the following methods when disposing of shares or interests therein: ● | ordinary brokerage transactions and transactions in which the broker-dealer solicits purchasers; ● | block trades in which the broker-dealer will attempt to sell the shares as agent, but may position and resell a portion of the block as principal to facilitate the transaction; ● | purchases by a broker-dealer as principal and resale by the broker-dealer for its account; ● | an exchange distribution in accordance with the rules of the applicable exchange; ● | privately negotiated transactions; ● | short sales effected after the date the registration statement of which this Prospectus is a part is declared effective by the SEC; ● | through the writing or settlement of options or other hedging transactions, whether through an options exchange or otherwise; ● | broker-dealers may agree with the selling stockholder to sell a specified number of such shares at a stipulated price per share; and ● | a combination of any such methods of sale. The
selling stockholder may, from time to time, pledge or grant a security interest in some or all of the shares of Common Stock owned by
them and, if they default in the performance of their secured obligations, the pledgees or secured parties may offer and sell the shares
of Common Stock, from time to time, under this prospectus, or under an amendment to this prospectus under Rule 424(b)(3) or other applicable
provision of the Securities Act amending the list of selling stockholder to include the pledgee, transferee or other successors in interest
as selling stockholder under this prospectus. The selling stockholder also may transfer the shares of Common Stock in other circumstances,
in which case the transferees, pledgees or other successors in interest will be the selling beneficial owners for purposes of this prospectus. 10 In connection with the sale
of our Common Stock or interests therein, the selling stockholder may enter into hedging transactions with broker-dealers or other financial
institutions, which may in turn engage in short sales of the Common Stock in the course of hedging the positions they assume. The selling
stockholder may also sell shares of our Common Stock short and deliver these securities to close out their short positions, or loan or
pledge the Common Stock to broker-dealers that in turn may sell these securities. The selling stockholder may also enter into option or
other transactions with broker-dealers or other financial institutions or the creation of one or more derivative securities which require
the delivery to such broker-dealer or other financial institution of shares offered by this prospectus, which shares such broker-dealer
or other financial institution may resell pursuant to this prospectus (as supplemented or amended to reflect such transaction). The aggregate proceeds to
the selling stockholder from the sale of the Common Stock offered by them will be the purchase price of the Common Stock less discounts
or commissions, if any. Each of the selling stockholder reserves the right to accept and, together with their agents from time to time,
to reject, in whole or in part, any proposed purchase of Common Stock to be made directly or through agents. The selling stockholder also
may resell all or a portion of the shares in open market transactions in reliance upon Rule 144 under the Securities Act, provided that
they meet the criteria and conform to the requirements of that rule. The selling stockholder and
any underwriters, broker-dealers or agents that participate in the sale of the Common Stock or interests therein may be “underwriters”
within the meaning of Section 2(11) of the Securities Act. Any discounts, commissions, concessions or profit they earn on any resale of
the shares may be underwriting discounts and commissions under the Securities Act. Selling stockholder who are “underwriters”
within the meaning of Section 2(11) of the Securities Act will be subject to the prospectus delivery requirements of the Securities Act. To the extent required, the
shares of our Common Stock to be sold, the names of the selling stockholder, the respective purchase prices and public offering prices,
the names of any agents, dealer or underwriter, any applicable commissions or discounts with respect to a particular offer will be set
forth in an accompanying prospectus supplement or, if appropriate, a post-effective amendment to the registration statement that includes
this prospectus. In order to comply with the
securities laws of some states, if applicable, the Common Stock may be sold in these jurisdictions only through registered or licensed
brokers or dealers. In addition, in some states the Common Stock may not be sold unless it has been registered or qualified for sale or
an exemption from registration or qualification requirements is available and is complied with. We have advised the selling
stockholder that the anti-manipulation rules of Regulation M under the Exchange Act may apply to sales of shares in the market and to
the activities of the selling stockholder and their affiliates. In addition, to the extent applicable we will make copies of this prospectus
(as it may be supplemented or amended from time to time) available to the selling stockholder for the purpose of satisfying the prospectus
delivery requirements of the Securities Act. The selling stockholder may indemnify any broker-dealer that participates in transactions
involving the sale of the shares against certain liabilities, including liabilities arising under the Securities Act. The selling stockholder and
any underwriters, brokers, dealers or agents that participate in the distribution of the securities may be deemed to be “underwriters”
within the meaning of the Securities Act, and any discounts, concessions, commissions or fees received by them and any profit on the resale
of the securities sold by them may be deemed to be underwriting discounts and commissions. As set forth in the Registration Rights Agreements, we have agreed
to register for resale the shares of Common Stock underlying Warrants. The Registration Rights Agreement provides for indemnification
of the selling stockholder against specific liabilities in connection with the offer and sale of the shares of Common Stock, including
liabilities under the Securities Act. 11 INCORPORATION
OF CERTAIN INFORMATION BY REFERENCE The
SEC allows us to “incorporate by reference” information into this prospectus, which means that we can disclose important information
about us by referring to another document filed separately with the SEC. The information incorporated by reference is considered to be
a part of this prospectus. This prospectus incorporates by reference the documents and reports listed below other than portions of these
documents that are furnished under Item 2.02 or Item 7.01 of a Current Report on Form 8–K: ● | The Annual Report on Form 10–K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, filed on March 14, 2023; ● | Our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2023, filed with the SEC on May 15, 2023; ● | Our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2023, filed with the SEC on August 14, 2023; ● | Our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2023, filed with the SEC on November 14, 2023; ● | Our Current Reports on Form 8-K as filed with the SEC on September 23, 2022 , January 11, 2023 , January 13, 2023 , January 23, 2023 , January 25, 2023 , F ebruary 7, 2023 , February 15, 2023 , March 7, 2023 , June 9, 2023 , July 10, 2023 , July 11, 2023 , July 24, 2023 , July 28, 2023 , August 16, 2023 , September 6, 2023 , September 22, 2023 , September 29, 2023 , October 6, 2023 , October 10, 2023 , October 11, 2023 , October 31, 2023, December 6, 2023 , and January 24, 2024 ; and ● | The description of the Company’s common stock contained in the Company’s Registration Statement on Form 8-A , filed with the SEC on December 3, 2020, as updated by the description of capital stock contained in Exhibit 4.5 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2020, filed with the SEC on March 8, 2021, and its Certificate of Amendment to its Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation filed with its Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 31, 2023. In
addition, all documents subsequently filed by us pursuant to Sections 13(a), 13(c), 14 and 15(d) of the Exchange Act, shall be deemed
to be incorporated by reference in this prospectus and to be a part hereof from the date of filing of such documents. In addition, all
reports and other documents filed by us pursuant to the Exchange Act after the date of the initial registration statement and prior to
effectiveness of the registration statement shall be deemed to be incorporated by reference into this prospectus. Any statement contained
in a document incorporated or deemed to be incorporated by reference herein shall be deemed to be modified or superseded for purposes
of this prospectus to the extent that a statement contained herein or in any subsequently filed document that also is or is deemed to
be incorporated by reference herein, as the case may be, modifies or supersedes such statement. Any such statement so modified or superseded
shall not be deemed, except as so modified or superseded, to constitute a part of this prospectus. We
will provide, without charge, to any person, including any beneficial owner, to whom a copy of this prospectus is delivered, upon oral
or written request of such person, a copy of any or all of the documents that have been incorporated by reference in this prospectus
but not delivered with the prospectus, including any exhibits to such documents that are specifically incorporated by reference in those
documents. Please
make your request by writing or telephoning us at the following address or telephone number: Ondas
Holdings Inc. 53 Brigham Street, Unit 4, Marlborough, MA 01752 Attention:
Eric Brock Telephone:
(888) 350-9994 12 WHERE
YOU CAN FIND MORE INFORMATION We
are currently subject to the information requirements of the Exchange Act and in accordance therewith file periodic reports, proxy statements
and other information with the SEC. Our SEC filings will also be available to you on the SEC’s website at http://www.sec.gov. We
have filed with the SEC a registration statement on Form S–3 under the Securities Act for the shares of Common Stock being offered
by the selling stockholder. This prospectus does not contain all of the information in the registration statement and the exhibits and
schedules that were filed with the registration statement. For further information with respect to us and our common stock, we refer
you to the registration statement and the exhibits that were filed with the registration statement. Anyone may obtain the registration
statement and its exhibits and schedules from the SEC as described above. 13 LEGAL
MATTERS The
validity of the shares of Common Stock offered through this prospectus has been passed on by Snell & Wilmer L.L.P., Las Vegas, Nevada. 14 EXPERTS The
consolidated financial statements of Ondas Holdings Inc. as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 and for the years then ended incorporated
by reference in this prospectus and elsewhere in the registration statement have been so incorporated in reliance on the report of Rosenberg
Rich Baker Berman, P.A., independent registered public accounting firm, incorporated herein by reference, given on the authority of said
firm as experts in auditing and accounting. The
financial statements of Airobotics Ltd. as of December 31, 2021 and December 31, 2020 and for the years ended included in this prospectus
and elsewhere in the registration statement have been so included in reliance on the report of Kost Forer Gabbay & Kasierer, a member
of Ernst & Young Global, independent accountants, upon the authority of said firm as experts in accounting and auditing. 15 PART
II INFORMATION
NOT REQUIRED IN THE PROSPECTUS Item
14. Other Expenses of Issuance and Distribution. SEC registration fee | $ | 2,063
Legal fees and expenses | $ | *
Accounting fees and expenses | $ | *
Miscellaneous expenses | $ | *
Total | $ | 2,063 * | All amounts are estimates, other than the SEC’s registration fee. We are paying all expenses of the offering listed above. No portion
of these expenses will be borne by the selling stockholder. The selling stockholder, however, will pay all underwriting discounts and
selling commissions, if any. Item
15. Indemnification of Directors and Officers. The NRS provide that: ● | a corporation may indemnify any person who was or is a party or is threatened to be made a party to any threatened, pending or completed action, suit or proceeding, whether civil, criminal, administrative or investigative, except an action by or in the right of the corporation, by reason of the fact that he is or was a director, officer, employee or agent of the corporation, or is or was serving at the request of the corporation as a director, officer, employee or agent of another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise, against expenses, including attorneys’ fees, judgments, fines and amounts paid in settlement actually and reasonably incurred by him in connection with the action, suit or proceeding if he or she is not liable for a breach of any fiduciary duty pursuant to NRS 78.138, he or she acted in good faith and in a manner which he or she reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the corporation, and, with respect to any criminal action or proceeding, had no reasonable cause to believe his or her conduct was unlawful; ● | a corporation may indemnify any person who was or is a party or is threatened to be made a party to any threatened, pending or completed action or suit by or in the right of the corporation to procure a judgment in its favor by reason of the fact that he or she is or was a director, officer, employee or agent of the corporation, or is or was serving at the request of the corporation as a director, officer, employee or agent of another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise against expenses, including amounts paid in settlement and attorneys’ fees actually and reasonably incurred by him or her in connection with the defense or settlement of the action or suit if he or she is not liable for a breach of any fiduciary duty pursuant to NRS 78.138, he or she acted in good faith and in a manner which he or she reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the corporation. Indemnification may not be made for any claim, issue or matter as to which such a person has been adjudged by a court of competent jurisdiction, after exhaustion of all appeals therefrom, to be liable to the corporation or for amounts paid in settlement to the corporation, unless and only to the extent that the court in which the action or suit was brought or other court of competent jurisdiction determines upon application that in view of all the circumstances of the case, the person is fairly and reasonably entitled to indemnity for such expenses as the court deems proper; and ● | to the extent that a director, officer, employee or agent of a corporation has been successful on the merits or otherwise in defense of any action, suit or proceeding, or in defense of any claim, issue or matter therein, the corporation must indemnify him or her against expenses, including attorneys’ fees, actually and reasonably incurred by him or her in connection with the defense. II- 1 The NRS provide that we may make any discretionary indemnification
only as authorized in the specific case upon a determination that indemnification of the director, officer, employee or agent is proper
in the circumstances. The determination must be made: ● | by the stockholders; ● | by the board of directors by majority vote of a quorum consisting of directors who were not parties to the action, suit or proceeding; ● | if a majority vote of a quorum consisting of directors who were not parties to the action, suit or proceeding so orders, by independent legal counsel in a written opinion; ● | if a quorum consisting of directors who were not parties to the action, suit or proceeding cannot be obtained, by independent legal counsel in a written opinion; or ● | by court order. The NRS provide that a corporation may purchase and maintain insurance
or make other financial arrangements on behalf of any person who is or was a director, officer, employee or agent of the corporation,
or is or was serving at the request of the corporation as a director, officer, employee or agent of another corporation, partnership,
joint venture, trust or other enterprise for any liability asserted against him and liability and expenses incurred by him in his capacity
as a director, officer, employee or agent, or arising out of his status as such, whether or not the corporation has the authority to indemnify
him against such liability and expenses. We
also maintain a general liability insurance policy, which covers certain liabilities of directors and officers of our company arising
out of claims based on acts or omissions in their capacities as directors or officers. Exclusive
Jurisdiction of Certain Actions Unless
we consent in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the Eighth Judicial District Court of Clark County of the State of Nevada
(the “Court”) shall be the sole and exclusive forum for any stockholder (including a beneficial owner) to bring (i) any derivative
action or proceeding brought on behalf of the Company, (ii) any action asserting a claim of breach of a fiduciary duty owed by any Director,
officer or other employee of the Company to the Company or the Company’s stockholders, (iii) any action asserting a claim against the
Company, any director or the Company’s officers or employees arising pursuant to any provision of the NRS, Chapters 78 or 92A of the
NRS or our Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation or our Bylaws, or (iv) any action asserting a claim against the Company, any
director or the Company’s officers or employees governed by the internal affairs doctrine. However, each of these clauses (i) through
(iv) will not apply to any claim (x) as to which the Court determines that there is an indispensable party not subject to the jurisdiction
of the Court (and the indispensable party does not consent to the personal jurisdiction of the Court within ten (10) days following
such determination), (y) for which the Court does not have subject matter jurisdiction, or (z) which is vested in the exclusive jurisdiction
of a court or forum other than the Court, including pursuant to Section 27 of the Exchange Act, which provides for exclusive federal
jurisdiction over suits brought to enforce any duty or liability created by the Exchange Act or the rules and regulations thereunder.
Furthermore, Section 22 of the Securities Act provides for concurrent jurisdiction for federal and state courts over all suits brought
to enforce any duty or liability created by the Securities Act or the rules and regulations thereunder, and as such the exclusive jurisdiction
clauses set forth above would not apply to such suits Although
we believe these provisions benefit us by providing increased consistency in the application of Nevada law for the specified types of
actions and proceedings, the provisions may have the effect of discouraging lawsuits against us or our directors and officers. Any person
or entity purchasing or otherwise acquiring any interest in our shares of capital stock shall be deemed to have notice of and consented
to this exclusive forum provision, but will not be deemed to have waived our compliance with the federal securities laws and the rules
and regulations thereunder. We
have been advised that in the opinion of the SEC, insofar as indemnification for liabilities arising under the Securities Act may be
permitted to our directors, officers and other persons pursuant to the foregoing provisions, or otherwise, such indemnification is against
public policy as expressed in the Securities Act and is therefore unenforceable. In the event a claim for indemnification against such
liabilities (other than payment of expenses incurred or paid by a director or officer in the successful defense of any action, suit or
proceeding) is asserted by such director, officer or other person in connection with the securities being registered, we will, unless
in the opinion of our counsel the matter has been settled by controlling precedent, submit to a court of appropriate jurisdiction the
question of whether such indemnification is against public policy as expressed in the Securities Act and will be governed by the final
adjudication of such issue. II- 2 Item
16. Exhibits. Exhibit Number | Exhibit Description
3.1 | Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation of the Registrant, dated September 28, 2018 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on October 4, 2018).
3.2 | Amended and Restated Bylaws of the Registrant, dated September 28, 2018 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on October 4, 2018).
3.3 | Certificate of Designation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 17, 2020).
3.4 | Certificate of Change (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on November 13, 2020).
3.5 | Certificate of Amendment, filed on October 31, 2023 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 31, 2023).
4.1 | Form of Warrant (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed by the Company with the SEC on July 10, 2023).
5.1 | Opinion of Snell & Wilmer L.L.P.*
10.1 | Preferred Stock Purchase Agreement, dated July 9, 2023, between Ondas Networks and the Initial Purchaser (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed by the Company with the SEC on July 10, 2023).
10.2 | Amendment to Preferred Stock Purchase Agreement, dated July 21, 2023, between Ondas Networks Inc. and Initial Purchaser. (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed by the Company with the SEC on July 24, 2023).
10.3 | Registration Rights Agreement, dated July 21, 2023, between the Company and Initial Purchaser. (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed by the Company with the SEC on July 24, 2023).
23.1 | Consent of Snell & Wilmer L.L.P. (contained in Exhibit 5.1).*
23.2 | Consent of Rosenberg Rich Baker Berman, P.A.*
23.3 | Consent of Kost Forer Gabbay & Kasierer, a member of Ernst & Young Global*
24.1 | Power of Attorney (included with signature page on this Form S-3).*
107 | Filing Fee Table.* * | Filed herewith. II- 3 Item
17. Undertakings. The
undersigned registrant hereby undertakes: (a)(1)
To file, during any period in which offers or sales are being made, a post–effective amendment to this registration statement: (i)
To include any prospectus required by section 10(a)(3) of the Securities Act of 1933; (ii)
To reflect in the prospectus any facts or events arising after the effective date of the registration statement (or the most recent post-effective
amendment thereof) which, individually or in the aggregate, represent a fundamental change in the information set forth in the registration
statement. Notwithstanding the foregoing, any increase or decrease in volume of securities offered (if the total dollar value of securities
offered would not exceed that which was registered) and any deviation from the low or high end of the estimated maximum offering range
may be reflected in the form of prospectus filed with the SEC pursuant to Rule 424(b) if, in the aggregate, the changes in the volume
and price represent no more than 20 percent change in the maximum aggregate offering price set forth in the “Calculation of Registration
Fee” table in the effective registration statement; (iii)
To include any material information with respect to the plan of distribution not previously disclosed in this registration statement
or any material change to such information in the registration statement; Provided,
however, that: paragraphs
(a)(1)(i), (a)(1)(ii), and (a)(1)(iii) of this section do not apply if the registration statement is on Form S-3 or Form F-3 and the
information required to be included in a post–effective amendment by those paragraphs is contained in reports filed with or furnished
to the SEC by the registrant pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 that are incorporated by
reference in the registration statement, or is contained in a form of prospectus filed pursuant to Rule 424(b) that is part of the registration
statement. (2)
That, for the purpose of determining any liability under the Securities Act of 1933, each such post–effective amendment shall be
deemed to be a new registration statement relating to the securities offered therein, and the offering of such securities at that time
shall be deemed to be the initial bona fide offering thereof. (3)
To remove from registration by means of a post–effective amendment any of the securities being registered which remain unsold at
the termination of the offering. (4)
That, for the purpose of determining liability under the Securities Act of 1933 to any purchaser, each prospectus filed pursuant to Rule
424(b) as part of a registration statement relating to an offering, other than registration statements relying on Rule 430B or other
than prospectuses filed in reliance on Rule 430A, shall be deemed to be part of and included in the registration statement as of the
date it is first used after effectiveness. Provided, however, that no statement made in a registration statement or prospectus that is
part of the registration statement or made in a document incorporated or deemed incorporated by reference into the registration statement
or prospectus that is part of the registration statement will, as to a purchaser with a time of contract of sale prior to such first
use, supersede or modify any statement that was made in the registration statement or prospectus that was part of the registration statement
or made in any such document immediately prior to such date of first use. (b)
That, for purposes of determining any liability under the Securities Act of 1933, each filing of the registrant’s annual report pursuant
to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (and, where applicable, each filing of an employee benefit plan’s annual
report pursuant to Section 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934) that is incorporated by reference in the registration statement
shall be deemed to be a new registration statement relating to the securities offered therein, and the offering of such securities at
that time shall be deemed to be the initial bona fide offering thereof. (c)
Insofar as indemnification for liabilities arising under the Securities Act of 1933 may be permitted to directors, officers, and controlling
persons of the registrant pursuant to the foregoing provisions, or otherwise, the registrant has been advised that in the opinion of
the Securities and Exchange Commission such indemnification is against public policy as expressed in the Securities Act and is, therefore,
unenforceable. In the event that a claim for indemnification against such liabilities (other than the payment by the registrant of expenses
incurred or paid by a director, officer, or controlling person of the registrant in the successful defense of any action, suit, or proceeding)
is asserted by such director, officer, or controlling person in connection with the securities being registered, the registrant will,
unless in the opinion of its counsel the matter has been settled by controlling precedent, submit to a court of appropriate jurisdiction
the question whether such indemnification by it is against public policy as expressed in the Securities Act and will be governed by the
final adjudication of such issue. II- 4 SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, the registrant
certifies that it has reasonable grounds to believe that it meets all of the requirements for filing on Form S-3 and has duly caused this
registration statement to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized in the City of Marlborough, Massachusetts,
on this 2 nd day of February, 2024. ONDAS HOLDINGS INC.
By: | /s/ Eric A. Brock
Eric A. Brock
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer KNOW
ALL MEN BY THESE PRESENTS, that each person whose signature appears below constitutes and appoints Eric A. Brock and Yishay Curelaru,
and each of them, his or her true and lawful attorneys-in-fact and agents, with full power of substitution and resubstitution, for him
or her and in his or her name, place and stead, in any and all capacities, to sign any and all amendments (including post-effective amendments)
to this Registration Statement, and to file the same, with all exhibits thereto, and other documents in connection therewith, with the
Securities and Exchange Commission, granting unto said attorneys-in-fact and agents, and each of them, full power and authority to do
and perform each and every act and thing requisite and necessary to be done, as fully to all intents and purposes as he or she might
or could do in person, hereby ratifying and confirming all that said attorneys-in-fact and agents, or any of them, or his substitute
or substitutes, may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, this registration statement has been signed by the following persons in the capacities
and on the dates indicated. Signature | Title | Date
/s/ Eric A. Brock | Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, and President | February 2, 2024
Eric A. Brock | (Principal Executive Officer)
/s/ Yishay Curelaru | Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) | February 2, 2024
Yishay Curelaru
/s/ Richard M. Cohen | Director | February 2, 2024
Richard M. Cohen
/s/ Randall P. Seidl | Director | February 2, 2024
Randall P. Seidl
/s/ Jaspreet Sood | Director | February 2, 2024
Jaspreet Sood II- 5