8-K 1 ea141710-8k_ondas.htm CURRENT REPORT UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 FORM 8-K CURRENT REPORT Pursuant to Section 13 OR 15(d) of The Securities Exchange Act of 1934 Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported): 
May 26, 2021 Ondas Holdings Inc. (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) Nevada | 001-39761 | 47-2615102
(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation) | (Commission File Number) | (IRS Employer Identification No.) 61 Old South Road, #495, Nantucket, MA 02554 (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) (888) 350-9994 Registrant’s telephone number, including
area code N/A (Former name or former address, if changed since last report.) Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K
filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions: ☐ Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the
Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425) ☒ Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange
Act (17 CFR 240.14a -12) ☐ Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b)
under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b)) ☐ Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c)
under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c)) Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Title of each class | Trading Symbol(s) | Name of each exchange on which registered
Common Stock, $0.0001 par value per share | ONDS | The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (§230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (§240.12b-2 of this chapter). Emerging growth company ☒ If an emerging growth company, indicate by checkmark
if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards
provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. ☐ Item 8.01. Other Events. On May 26, 2021, Ondas Holdings
Inc. (the “Company” or “Ondas”) issued a press release announcing a business update call and webcast on Thursday,
May 27, 2021 at 8:30 a.m. ET. During the call and webcast, Ondas will provide a business update, including information relating to the
Company’s pending acquisition of American Robotics, Inc. A copy of the press release is attached hereto as Exhibit 99.1, and is
incorporated herein by reference. Item 9.01. Financial Statements and Exhibits . (d) Exhibits Exhibit No. | Description
99.1 | Press release, dated May 26, 2021 Additional Information about the Transaction and Where to Find It In connection with the proposed
transaction described herein, Ondas intends to file relevant materials with the SEC, including a preliminary proxy statement and, when
available, a definitive proxy statement. Promptly after filing its definitive proxy statement with the SEC, Ondas will mail the definitive
proxy statement and a proxy card to each Ondas stockholder entitled to vote at the meeting of stockholders relating to the transaction.
INVESTORS AND STOCKHOLDERS OF ONDAS ARE URGED TO READ THESE MATERIALS (INCLUDING ANY AMENDMENTS OR SUPPLEMENTS THERETO) AND ANY OTHER
RELEVANT DOCUMENTS IN CONNECTION WITH THE TRANSACTION THAT ONDAS FILES WITH THE SEC WHEN THEY BECOME AVAILABLE BECAUSE THESE DOCUMENTS
WILL CONTAIN IMPORTANT INFORMATION ABOUT ONDAS, AMERICAN ROBOTICS, AND THE TRANSACTION. The definitive proxy statement, the preliminary
proxy statement, and other relevant materials in connection with the transaction (when they become available), and any other documents
filed by Ondas with the SEC, may be obtained free of charge at the SEC’s website (www.sec.gov) or by visiting Ondas' investor relations
section at www.ondas.com. The information contained on, or that may be accessed through, the websites referenced in this Current Report
on Form 8-K is not incorporated by reference into, and is not a part of, this Current Report on Form 8-K or any document filed by Ondas
with the SEC. Participants in the Solicitation Ondas and its directors and
executive officers may be deemed participants in the solicitation of proxies from Ondas’ stockholders with respect to the transaction.
The names and other information about those directors and executive officers and a description of their ownership of Ondas common stock
and other interests in Ondas and in the transaction will be included in the definitive proxy statement relating to the transaction and
will be available at www.sec.gov. Additional information regarding the interests of such participants will be contained in the definitive
proxy statement relating to the transaction when available. Other information regarding the interests of the participants in the proxy
solicitation will be included in the definitive proxy statement relating to the transaction when it becomes available. These documents
can be obtained free of charge from the source indicated above. No Offer or Solicitation This report does not constitute
an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any securities or a solicitation of any vote or approval, by Ondas, nor shall
there be any sale of the securities in any state in which such offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful before the registration or
qualification under the securities laws of such state. Any offering of the securities will only be by means of a statutory prospectus
meeting the requirements of the rules and regulations of the SEC and applicable law or in accordance with an applicable exemption from
the registration requirements thereof. Forward Looking Statements Statements made in this Current
Report on Form 8-K that are not statements of historical or current facts are “forward-looking statements” within the meaning
of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Ondas cautions readers that forward-looking statements are predictions based
on its current expectations about future events. Examples of forward-looking statements include, among others, statements made in this
Current Report on Form 8-K regarding the proposed transaction contemplated by the definitive agreement, including the benefits of the
transaction, revenue opportunities, anticipated future financial and operating performance, and results, including expectations for growth,
and the expected timing of the transaction. Because forward-looking statements relate to the future, they are subject to inherent uncertainties,
risks, and changes in circumstances that are difficult to predict and many of which are outside of Ondas' control. Therefore, you should
not rely on any of these forward-looking statements. Important factors that could cause actual results and outcomes to differ materially
from those indicated in the forward-looking statements include, among others, the following: (1) the occurrence of any event, change,
or other circumstances that could give rise to the termination of the transaction; (2) the failure to obtain financing required to complete
the transaction; (3) the inability to complete the transaction, including due to failure to obtain approval of the stockholders of Ondas,
required regulatory approvals, or satisfy other conditions to closing in the definitive agreement; (4) the risk that the transaction disrupts
current plans and operations as a result of the announcement and consummation of the transaction; (5) the ability to recognize the anticipated
benefits of the transaction, which may be affected by, among other things, competition, the ability of management to integrate the combined
company's business and operation, and the ability of the parties to retain key employees; (6) costs related to the transaction; (7) risks
relating to the uncertainty of pro forma and projected financial information with respect to the combined company; and (8) other risks
and uncertainties indicated from time to time in the preliminary and definitive proxy statements to be filed with the SEC relating to
the transaction, including those under “Risk Factors” therein, and in Ondas' other filings with the SEC. Ondas cautions that
the foregoing list of factors is not exhaustive. Ondas cautions readers not to place undue reliance upon any forward-looking statements,
which speak only as of the date made. Ondas does not undertake or accept any obligation or undertaking to release publicly any updates
or revisions to any forward-looking statements to reflect any change in their expectations or any change in events, conditions, or circumstances
on which any such statement is based, whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise, except as may be required by
applicable law. Ondas gives no assurance that after the transaction the combined company will achieve its expectations. SIGNATURES Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the
undersigned hereunto duly authorized. Date: May 26, 2021 | ONDAS HOLDINGS INC.
By: | /s/ Eric A. Brock
Eric A. Brock
Chief Executive Officer