8-K 1 ea142570-8k_ondasholdings.htm CURRENT REPORT UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 FORM 8-K CURRENT REPORT Pursuant to Section 13 OR 15(d) of The Securities Exchange Act of 1934 Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported): 
June 8, 2021 Ondas Holdings Inc. (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) Nevada | 001-39761 | 47-2615102
(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation) | (Commission File Number) | (IRS Employer Identification No.) 61 Old South Road, #495, Nantucket, MA 02554 (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) (888) 350-9994 Registrant’s telephone number, including
area code N/A (Former name or former address, if changed since last report.) Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K
filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions: ☐ | Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425) ☒ | Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12) ☐ | Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b)) ☐ | Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c)) Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Title of each class | Trading Symbol(s) | Name of each exchange on which registered
Common Stock, $0.0001 par value per share | ONDS | The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (§230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (§240.12b-2 of this chapter). Emerging growth company ☒ If an emerging growth company, indicate by check
mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting
standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. ☐ Item 1.01. Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement. On June 8, 2021, Ondas Holdings
Inc. (the “Company” or “Ondas”) entered into an underwriting agreement (the “Underwriting Agreement”)
with Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., as representative of the several underwriters named on Schedule I thereto (the “Underwriters”),
relating to the Company’s public offering (the “Offering”) of 6,400,000 shares of its Common Stock, par value $0.0001
per share, (the “Firm Shares”). Pursuant to the Underwriting Agreement, the Company also granted the Underwriters a 30-day
option (“Option”) to purchase an additional 960,000 shares of Common Stock (the “Option Shares,” and together
with the Firm Shares, the “Shares”). On June 9, 2021, the Underwriters exercised the Option in full. The Shares were offered, issued,
and sold pursuant to a prospectus supplement and accompanying prospectus filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”)
pursuant to an effective shelf registration statement filed with the SEC on Form S-3 (File No. 333-252571) under the Securities Act of
1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”). On June 8, 2021, the Company
issued the Shares and closed the Offering at a public price of $7.00 per share for net proceeds to the Company of approximately $47.4 million
after deducting underwriting discounts and commissions and estimated offering expenses payable by the Company. The Company intends to
use the net proceeds of the Offering for working capital and general corporate purposes. The Underwriting Agreement
includes customary representations, warranties, and agreements by the Company, customary conditions to closing, indemnification obligations
of the Company and the Underwriters, including for liabilities under the Securities Act, other obligations of the parties and termination
provisions. The representations, warranties and covenants contained in the Underwriting Agreement were made only for purposes of such
agreement and as of specific dates, were solely for the benefit of the parties to the agreement and were subject to limitations agreed
upon by the contracting parties. The Underwriting Agreement
is filed as Exhibit 1.1 to this report and is incorporated herein by reference. The foregoing description of the terms of the Underwriting
Agreement is qualified in its entirety by reference to Exhibit 1.1. A copy of the opinion of Snell & Wilmer L.L.P. relating to the
legality of the issuance and sale of the Shares in the Offering is attached hereto as Exhibit 5.1. Item 8.01. Other Events. On June 8, 2021, the Company
issued a press release announcing the launch of the Offering. The press release is attached as Exhibit 99.1 to this report and is incorporated
herein by reference. Also, on June 8, 2021, the Company issued a press release announcing the pricing of the Offering. The press release
is attached as Exhibit 99.2 to this report and is incorporated herein by reference. On June 11, 2021, the Company
issued a press release announcing the closing of the Offering and the exercise of the Option. The press release is attached as Exhibit
99.3 to this report and is incorporated herein by reference. Item 9.01. Financial Statements and Exhibits . (d) | Exhibits Exhibit No. | Description
1.1 | Underwriting Agreement, between the Company and the underwriters named therein, dated June 8, 2021.
5.1 | Opinion of Snell & Wilmer L.L.P.
23.1 | Consent of Snell & Wilmer L.L.P. (included in Exhibit 5.1).
99.1 | Press Release, dated June 8, 2021
99.2 | Press Release, dated June 8, 2021
99.3 | Press Release, dated June 11, 2021 1 Additional Information about the Transaction and Where to Find It In connection with the proposed
transaction between Ondas and American Robotics, Inc. (“American Robotics”), Ondas intends to file relevant materials with
the SEC, including a preliminary proxy statement and, when available, a definitive proxy statement. Promptly after filing its definitive
proxy statement with the SEC, Ondas will mail the definitive proxy statement and a proxy card to each Ondas stockholder entitled to vote
at the meeting of stockholders relating to the transaction. INVESTORS AND STOCKHOLDERS OF ONDAS ARE URGED TO READ THESE MATERIALS (INCLUDING
ANY AMENDMENTS OR SUPPLEMENTS THERETO) AND ANY OTHER RELEVANT DOCUMENTS IN CONNECTION WITH THE TRANSACTION THAT ONDAS FILES WITH THE SEC
WHEN THEY BECOME AVAILABLE BECAUSE THESE DOCUMENTS WILL CONTAIN IMPORTANT INFORMATION ABOUT ONDAS, AMERICAN ROBOTICS, AND THE TRANSACTION.
The definitive proxy statement, the preliminary proxy statement, and other relevant materials in connection with the transaction (when
they become available), and any other documents filed by Ondas with the SEC, may be obtained free of charge at the SEC’s website
(www.sec.gov) or by visiting Ondas’ investor relations section at www.ondas.com. The information contained on, or that may be accessed
through, the websites referenced in this Current Report on Form 8-K is not incorporated by reference into, and is not a part of, this
Current Report on Form 8-K or any document filed by Ondas with the SEC. Participants in the Solicitation Ondas and its directors and
executive officers may be deemed participants in the solicitation of proxies from Ondas’ stockholders with respect to the transaction.
The names and other information about those directors and executive officers and a description of their ownership of Ondas common stock
and other interests in Ondas and in the transaction will be included in the definitive proxy statement relating to the transaction and
will be available at www.sec.gov. Additional information regarding the interests of such participants will be contained in the definitive
proxy statement relating to the transaction when available. Other information regarding the interests of the participants in the proxy
solicitation will be included in the definitive proxy statement relating to the transaction when it becomes available. These documents
can be obtained free of charge from the source indicated above. No Offer or Solicitation This report does not constitute
an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any securities or a solicitation of any vote or approval, by Ondas, nor shall
there be any sale of the securities in any state in which such offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful before the registration or
qualification under the securities laws of such state. Any offering of the securities will only be by means of a statutory prospectus
meeting the requirements of the rules and regulations of the SEC and applicable law or in accordance with an applicable exemption from
the registration requirements thereof. Forward Looking Statements Statements made in this Current
Report on Form 8-K that are not statements of historical or current facts are “forward-looking statements” within the meaning
of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Ondas cautions readers that forward-looking statements are predictions based
on its current expectations about future events. Because forward-looking statements relate to the future, they are subject to inherent
uncertainties, risks, and changes in circumstances that are difficult to predict and many of which are outside of Ondas’ control.
Therefore, you should not rely on any of these forward-looking statements. Important factors that could cause actual results and outcomes
to differ materially from those indicated in the forward-looking statements include, among others, the following: (1) the occurrence of
any event, change, or other circumstances that could give rise to the termination of the transaction; (2) the failure to obtain financing
required to complete the transaction; (3) the inability to complete the transaction, including due to failure to obtain approval of the
stockholders of Ondas, required regulatory approvals, or satisfy other conditions to closing in the definitive agreement; (4) the risk
that the transaction disrupts current plans and operations as a result of the announcement and consummation of the transaction; (5) the
ability to recognize the anticipated benefits of the transaction, which may be affected by, among other things, competition, the ability
of management to integrate the combined company’s business and operation, and the ability of the parties to retain key employees;
(6) costs related to the transaction; (7) risks relating to the uncertainty of pro forma and projected financial information with respect
to the combined company; and (8) other risks and uncertainties indicated from time to time in the preliminary and definitive proxy statements
to be filed with the SEC relating to the transaction, including those under “Risk Factors” therein, and in Ondas’ other
filings with the SEC. Ondas cautions that the foregoing list of factors is not exhaustive. Ondas cautions readers not to place undue reliance
upon any forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date made. Ondas does not undertake or accept any obligation or undertaking
to release publicly any updates or revisions to any forward-looking statements to reflect any change in their expectations or any change
in events, conditions, or circumstances on which any such statement is based, whether as a result of new information, future events, or
otherwise, except as may be required by applicable law. Ondas gives no assurance that after the transaction the combined company will
achieve its expectations. 2 SIGNATURES Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the
undersigned hereunto duly authorized. Date: June 11, 2021 | ONDAS HOLDINGS INC.
By: | /s/ Eric A. Brock
Eric A. Brock
Chief Executive Officer 3