10-K 1 f10k2019_ondasholdings.htm ANNUAL REPORT UNITED
STATES SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington,
D.C. 20549 FORM
10-K ☒ ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For
the fiscal year ended December 31, 2019 or ☐ TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For
the transition period from ______ to _____ Commission
File Number: 000-56004 ONDAS
HOLDINGS INC. (Exact
name of Registrant as specified in its charter) Nevada | 47-2615102
(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) | (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 165 Gibraltar Court, Sunnyvale, CA 94089
(Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) (888) 350-9994
(Registrant’s telephone number, including area code) Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Title of each class | Trading Symbol(s) | Name of each exchange on which registered Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Exchange Act: Common Stock, $0.0001 par value Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes
☐ No ☒ Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes
☐ No ☒ Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports),
and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes ☒ No ☐ Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant
to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (§232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that
the registrant was required to submit such files). Yes ☒ No ☐ Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting
company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of “large accelerated filer,” “accelerated filer,”
“smaller reporting company,” and “emerging growth company” in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. Large accelerated filer | ☐ | Accelerated filer | ☒
Non-accelerated filer | ☐ | Smaller reporting company | ☒
Emerging growth company | ☒ If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period
for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act.
☐ Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes ☐ No ☒ The
aggregate market value of the common stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant as of June 28, 2019 (the last business day
of the registrant’s most recently completed second fiscal quarter) was approximately $186,585,000. For purposes of this computation,
all officers, directors, and 10% beneficial owners of the registrant are deemed to be affiliates. Such determination should not
be deemed to be an admission that such officers, directors, or 10% beneficial owners are, in fact, affiliates of the registrant. As
of March 13, 2020, the registrant had 59,268,085 outstanding shares of common stock, $0.0001 par value. ONDAS
HOLDINGS INC. INDEX
TO ANNUAL REPORT ON FORM 10-K FOR
THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2019 Table
of Contents PART I
ITEM 1. | BUSINESS | 1
ITEM 1A. | RISK FACTORS | 14
ITEM 1B. | UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS | 33
ITEM 2. | PROPERTIES | 33
ITEM 3. | LEGAL PROCEEDINGS | 33
ITEM 4. | MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES | 33
PART II
ITEM 5. | MARKET FOR REGISTRANT’S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES | 34
ITEM 6. | SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA | 34
ITEM 7. | MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS | 35
ITEM 7A. | QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK | 46
ITEM 8. | FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA | 46
ITEM 9. | CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE | 47
ITEM 9A. | CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES | 47
ITEM 9B. | OTHER INFORMATION | 48
PART III
ITEM 10. | DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE | 49
ITEM 11. | EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION | 53
ITEM 12. | SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS | 55
ITEM 13. | CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE | 56
ITEM 14. | PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES | 58
PART IV
ITEM 15. | EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES | 59
ITEM 16. | FORM 10-K SUMMARY | 60 i PART
I Item 1. | Business. Corporate
Overview of Ondas Holdings Inc. Ondas
Holdings Inc. (the “Company”) was originally incorporated in Nevada on December 22, 2014 under the name of Zev Ventures
Incorporated. On September 28, 2018, we consummated a reverse acquisition transaction to acquire a privately-held company, Ondas
Networks Inc., and changed our name from “Zev Ventures Incorporated” to “Ondas Holdings Inc.” As a result,
Ondas Networks Inc. (“Ondas Networks”) became our wholly owned subsidiary. We refer to this transaction as the “Acquisition.”
In connection with the closing of the Acquisition, we discontinued the prior business of Zev Ventures as a reseller of sporting
and concert tickets and our sole business became that of Ondas Networks. This
Annual Report on Form 10-K (“Form 10-K”) reports our business and financial results on a consolidated basis and therefore,
the use of the words “we,” “our,” the “Company” and “Ondas Holdings” means Ondas Holdings
Inc. and its subsidiaries. Where necessary for clarification purposes, Ondas Holdings, Ondas Networks or Zev Ventures may be used
independently. Corporate
Overview of Ondas Networks Inc. Ondas
Networks was originally incorporated in Delaware on February 16, 2006 under the name of Full Spectrum Inc. On August 10, 2018,
the name was changed to Ondas Networks Inc. Ondas
Networks’ wireless networking products are applicable to a wide range of mission critical operations that require secure
communications over large geographic areas. We provide wireless connectivity solutions enabling mission-critical Industrial Internet
applications and services. We refer to these applications as the Mission-Critical Internet of Things (MC-IoT). We
design, develop, manufacture, sell and support FullMAX, our multi-patented, state-of-the-art, point-to-multipoint, Software Defined
Radio (SDR) platform for secure, licensed, private, wide-area broadband networks. Our customers purchase FullMAX system solutions
to deploy wide-area intelligent networks (WANs) for smart grids, smart pipes, smart fields and other mission critical networks
that need internet protocol connectivity. We sell our products and services globally through a direct sales force and value-added
sales partners to critical infrastructure providers including electric and gas utilities, water and wastewater utilities, oil
and gas producers and pipeline operators, and for other critical infrastructure applications in areas such as homeland security
and defense, and transportation. In addition, our FullMAX platform will begin to be deployed in the second quarter of 2020 to
provide command and control connectivity solutions for drones and unmanned aerial systems (UAS). TARGET
INDUSTRIES AND APPLICATIONS 1 We
are dedicated to promoting standards-based wireless connectivity solutions for our customers. Our FullMAX platform is compliant
with the mission critical wireless Industrial Internet IEEE 802.16s. The specifications in the IEEE 802.16s standard are primarily
based on our FullMAX technology, and many of our customers and industrial partners actively supported our technology during the
IEEE standards-making process. In January 2020, a new working group was launched by the IEEE to establish IEEE 802.16t, a further
evolution of this wireless standard. The IEEE 802.16t working group includes industry-leading trade organizations such as the
Utilities Technology Council (UTC) and the Electric Power Research Institute (EPRI), as well as representation from world-leading
transportation and oil and gas companies. We expect our technology to remain a prominent feature of this evolving standard. We
believe that the published standard has been instrumental in broadening the appeal of our FullMAX platform globally across all
critical infrastructure markets. Since the publishing of IEEE 802.16s in November 2017, there has been a significant increase
in interest from customers in end markets including oil and gas, water and wastewater, transportation and homeland security, as
well as for the command and control of industrial drones. We believe we are currently the only supplier able to offer IEEE 802.16s
compliant systems and are actively working with customers and industry partners to help develop and support a multi-vendor MC-IoT
industry ecosystem for this standard. Our
FullMAX system of wireless base stations, fixed and mobile remote radios and supporting technology is designed to enable highly
secure and reliable industrial-grade connectivity for truly mission-critical applications. The target customers for our products
operate in critical infrastructure sectors of the global economy. Private wireless networks are typically the preferred choice
of these large industrial customers with business operations spanning large field areas. Private networks provide enhanced protection
against cyber terrorism, as well as natural and man-made disasters, and the ability for the operator to maintain and control their
desired quality of service. Our IEEE 802.16s compliant equipment is designed to optimize performance of unused or underutilized
low frequency licensed radio spectrum and narrower channels. A FullMAX wireless network is significantly less expensive to build
compared to traditional LTE and 5G networks given its ability to optimize the performance of lower cost radio spectrums (non-traditional
LTE and 5G bands) and provide much greater coverage. In many of our industrial end markets, the adoption of low-cost edge computing
and increased penetration of “smart machinery” and sensors is driving demand for next-generation networks for IoT applications
such as those powered by FullMAX. Our
FullMAX platform has been selected by a customer to be the connectivity backbone for the deployment of a nationwide wireless network
for operators of UAS. This network will be designed to enable the command and control of industrial and commercial drones. The
unique air interface protocol and narrow channel capability of FullMAX offers significant value in the command and control function
required to safely and economically operate many drones on a single network. Upon commercialization, we expect our FullMAX
platform to be scalable to simultaneously manage hundreds of drones per tower site flying beyond visual line of site (BVLOS) missions
throughout the U.S. airspace. We expect our FullMAX platform to be shipped and deployed by the UAS customer in the second quarter
of 2020, providing coverage over the entire U.S. airspace from the high-powered, terrestrial base stations. In
addition to selling our FullMAX solutions for dedicated private wide area networks, we offer mission-critical wireless services
to industrial customers and municipalities in the form of a Managed Private Network in select regions. In June 2019, we acquired
2 MHz of licensed spectrum in the 700 MHz band for the State of Alaska, the Gulf of Mexico and multiple counties bordering the
Gulf. We are now offering mission-critical wireless connectivity and secured initial customers in these regions, which consist
of 900,000 square miles of surface area. In addition, we have demonstration networks in the New York metropolitan area and in
Northern California in association with a nationwide spectrum owner in the 200 MHz band. Collectively, these 200 MHz demonstration
networks cover tens of thousands of square miles in some of the nation’s most strategic economic areas. 2 Target
Customers The
target customers for our products operate in critical infrastructure sectors of the global economy. Private wireless networks
are typically the preferred choice of these large industrial customers with business operations spanning large field areas. Private
networks provide enhanced protection against cyber terrorism, as well as natural and man-made disasters, and the ability for the
operator to maintain and control their desired quality of service. The existing public carrier networks based on LTE and 5G technology
are designed for mobile consumer usage and are not architected for MC-IoT applications. Wi-Fi-based IoT offerings have similar
shortcomings related to security, availability, and reliability, which are likewise unacceptable for mission-critical functions. Our
FullMAX technology offers a next-generation upgrade path for existing private networks currently managed by our industrial customers.
These networks will typically be deployed on the existing tower and backhaul infrastructure owned by our customers thereby reducing
incremental infrastructure costs. We offer much faster data throughput and more efficient radio frequency utilization relative
to existing private networks that are based largely on legacy, proprietary technologies. We believe the IEEE 802.16s standard,
and its next iteration as 802.16t, are important catalysts for the MC-IoT upgrade cycle as our critical infrastructure customers
increasingly prefer standards-based technology. Standards-based solutions offer a deeper ecosystem of suppliers resulting in more
price and service competition and lower costs. The standard is relevant for all critical infrastructure providers with operations
covering large field areas making the market potential sizeable enough to attract a deep ecosystem of hardware and software solutions
providers along with ancillary service organizations to support our customers. We
believe our FullMAX powered WANs serve the high end of the value chain as compared to mass-market, low-powered, narrowband solutions
such as LoRa, Sigfox and NB-IoT technologies which are being offered by public carriers. Our customers require wide-area coverage
with broadband speeds and low latency performance for operating environments managed over large field areas, which we can provide
cost effectively. 3 Customer
Activity We
launched a business expansion plan in 2018 to leverage our world-class, standards-based FullMAX platform and penetrate the large,
fast-growing critical infrastructure end markets we target. We grew our dedicated sales resources to broaden our marketing efforts
beyond the electric utility sector, which had historically been our primary end market. Since the second half of 2018, we have
significantly increased customer engagement in the transportation, oil and gas, security and UAS end markets. We expect that our
qualified customer pipeline will increase throughout 2020. A potential customer is included in our qualified pipeline after the
potential customer expresses interest in our products and we have confirmed that the potential customer has an application for
which our FullMAX platform would be well-suited. We
received and fulfilled purchase orders in 2019 for multiple pilot programs with Burlington Northern Santa Fe Railway and CSX Corporation, two North American Class I freight railroad operators. There are seven Class I freight railroad operators in
North America, all of which run multiple, frequency-specific networks for different applications. Our FullMAX platform has
the flexibility to operate in all of these frequency bands and will allow these customers the opportunity to better utilize
their radio spectrum and add more high-value, data-intensive applications to their operations. Our initial field work with
these rail customers has been for applications related to train control systems in the 900 MHz frequency band. We expect a
900 MHz network upgrade cycle across multiple Class I railroads over the next few years and believe our FullMAX platform has
significant potential to replace the legacy network equipment in this band. We are also currently lab testing with rail
customers in the 160 MHz land mobile radio (LMR) network, which is where the Class I railroads run their critical voice
applications. Our activity with the freight railroads has led to similar network opportunities amongst Class II railroad
operators. We expect additional purchase orders from Class I and Class II railroads in 2020. We
entered the UAS market in late 2019 when we received a purchase order for base stations and remote radios from a customer planning
to deploy a nationwide network for the command and control of commercial drones. Our customer intends to offer managed services
for drone fleet management across this network. After this initial deployment, we will work closely with the customer and ecosystem
partners to fully commercialize an end-to-end system designed to develop an FAA-compliant UAS navigation system. We expect additional
purchase orders in 2020 for work related to additional system engineering and for equipment from end user customers. We
initiated field trials with large electric utility and oil and gas customers in 2019. We expect to expand pilot programs throughout
2020 so as to secure a significant reference customer in these important end markets. We continued to support customers in the
security sector in 2019 through deployment of a network supporting a maritime border security installation on a Caribbean island
for a leading Israeli defense electronics vendor. This security system installation, integrated with a FullMAX network, can be
replicated by our customers for other projects globally. We expect additional purchase orders from this, and other defense electronics
vendors, in 2020. 4 In
addition to selling our FullMAX solutions for dedicated private wide area networks, we intend to offer mission-critical wireless
services to industrial customers and municipalities in the form of a Managed Private Network in select regions. In June 2019,
we acquired 2 MHz of licensed spectrum in the 700 MHz band for the State of Alaska, the Gulf of Mexico and multiple counties bordering
the Gulf. We are now offering mission-critical wireless connectivity and secured initial customers in these regions, which consist
of 900,000 square miles of surface area. In Alaska, we established mission-critical wireless service covering Anchorage and Fairbanks
North Star, Alaska’s two most populated boroughs with more than half the State’s approximate 740,000 population. We deployed
system trials with Alaska Railroad Corporation in the Wasilla/Cottonwood region for mission-critical wayside connectivity, and
in the Kenai Peninsula, Homer Electric Association successfully trialed our FullMAX system for SCADA connectivity to portions
of the electric grid. In the Gulf of Mexico region, we established service and coverage in coastal counties including Cameron
Parish in Louisiana, and Victoria, Calhoun and Jefferson Counties in Texas. Customers in Victoria and Calhoun Counties include
Internet service provider TISD, Inc. In Jefferson County, we are planning trials with a Class I rail customer for wayside connectivity
and other mission-critical applications. In Cameron Parish, we entered into a service agreement with Louisiana Radio Communications
to provide wireless service to Lake Charles marine pilot boats in the Gulf of Mexico, which require real time tide and weather
information to navigate vessels to port. We are currently negotiating to obtain additional tower assets along and in the Gulf
of Mexico to establish mission-critical IoT services for fixed rig and mobile vessel connectivity. We
also operate demonstration networks in the New York metropolitan area and in Northern California in association with a nationwide
spectrum owner in the 200 MHz band. We have deployed, with this spectrum owner, a FullMAX-powered network along the east coast
covering the I-95 corridor reaching from eastern Pennsylvania and southern New Jersey and the New York metropolitan network northward
up to the Boston metropolitan area. Collectively, these networks cover tens of thousands of square miles in some of the nation’s
most strategic economic areas. We are working with this spectrum owner and a partner to develop marketing and network expansion
opportunities to provide mission-critical wireless service to customers in the 200 MHz band. When fully deployed and operational,
this managed service will be priced on a monthly usage basis for customers. We
believe China offers us attractive long-term business potential. In December 2018, we established a China-based subsidiary located
in Chengdu, to market our products in China by targeting critical infrastructure industries. We explored the establishment of
supply chain management and manufacturing operations for both local customers and for export. We expected to secure lower component
costs via the further development of our supply chain in Asia for high volume production and planned to develop internal capabilities
for product assembly and testing. However, in the fourth quarter of 2019, we revised our business strategy and withdrew our direct
marketing and manufacturing efforts in China after determining that our customers, in particular those customers operating in
the U.S., including electric utility and rail sectors, strongly preferred that our products be manufactured outside of China.
Consequently, we are in the process of dissolving our China-affiliated subsidiaries. We believe that we can still efficiently
reach our target customers in China during 2020 through the use of value-added resellers and other business partners with established
marketing and field support operations in China. The
Market for our Products Our
FullMAX system of base stations, fixed and mobile remote radios and supporting technology is designed to enable highly secure
and reliable Industrial-grade connectivity for truly mission-critical applications. We offer a range of products with different
options for narrowband and broadband applications. Our SDR platforms offer unmatched flexibility with respect to the radio frequencies
in which they operate (ranging from 70 MHz to 6 GHz) and channel size configurations (ranging from 12.5 KHz to 10 MHz). The
global end markets for our MC-IoT solutions are established, large, and we believe, poised to grow rapidly given the key role
connectivity will play in next generation IoT-type applications. Firms like Cisco Systems, Inc. and Gartner, Inc. forecast that
there will be billions of connected IoT devices installed by year end 2020; many of them will be deployed for industrial applications.
Dell’Oro Group, Inc. estimates that Wide Area IoT spending, including low power WAN deployments with which we compete, will
reach $33.0 billion for carriers and infrastructure vendors by 2022, growing approximately 2.5xs from 2017. Ondas Networks is
leveraging its industry expertise and FullMAX technology to develop an enhanced range of products to capitalize on this expanding
opportunity with the goal of becoming the leading supplier of private cellular network products. In many of our industrial end
markets, we believe the adoption of low-cost edge computing and increased penetration of “smart machinery” is driving
demand for next-generation networks for IoT applications such as those powered by FullMAX. 5 According
to research firm MarketsandMarkets, worldwide spending on communications by the electric utility sector should grow over 15% per
year and is expected to reach $15.4 billion annually by 2021. This growth is being driven by distributed and renewable power generation
projects and regulatory requirements for secure and reliable power generation and distribution as the industry deals with aging
infrastructure. Market forecasts for oil and gas producers, water and wastewater utilities, homeland security, transportation
and other critical infrastructure segments are similarly large. For example, MarketsandMarkets forecasts that spending on oilfield
communications will reach $4.5 billion by 2022, which would represent an annual growth of 7.9% from today. In addition, the US
Railroad sector is expected to spend over $10.0 billion in aggregate by 2020 to fully implement Positive Train Control (PTC) functions
as required by federal regulations according to the American Association of Railroads. Our
innovative, standards-based FullMAX system offers UAS operators and users a high-performing, cost-effective solution for reliable
command and control of drones. The end market opportunity for UAS network solutions is large and rapidly growing. According to
analysts at Barclays Capital, the global drone market, including consumer, commercial and military drones, is forecast to exceed
$100 billion by 2024, with commercial drone sales rising 10-fold from $4 billion to nearly $40 billion in 2019. The U.S. Federal
Aviation Administration (FAA) raised its forecast in 2019 and now expects over 450,000 commercial drones flying in the U.S. by
2022, a four-fold increase from 2017. The command and control capability offered by our FullMAX platform will be a key enabler
driving the growth of the UAS market. Industrial UAS applications offer significant value to our core critical infrastructure
markets and the economy at large, which supports the growth outlook for this market. In addition to broad use by government agencies
and agriculture markets, utilities, railroads, and oil and gas industries are actively evaluating, or are in the process of incorporating,
the extensive use of drones into their business operations. These critical infrastructure sectors can realize substantial savings
and improved reliability in operations from deploying drones to monitor and inspect their remote infrastructure and assets. Our
Products and Services Our
FullMAX Base Station and Remote radios are deployed by our customers to create wide-area wireless communication networks. A FullMAX
network provides end-to-end IP connectivity, allowing critical infrastructure providers to extend their secure corporate networks
into the far reaches of their service territories. Our
FullMAX SDR platform: ● | offers a dedicated private network for industrial applications which safeguards critical assets and information and protects against cyberattacks; ● | has frequency agility with the capability to operate in any frequency between 70 MHz and 6 GHz; ● | may be deployed in a wide variety of narrow and broadband channel sizes and can aggregate non-contiguous channels; and ● | FullMAX radios use a SDR platform to implement standard versions of the IEEE 802.16 protocol, the new 802.16s amendment, and the planned 802.16t enhancements, and supports extensions to provide further flexibility and performance beyond the standard implementations. FullMAX
radios can operate at high transmit power (up to 100 watts) at both the Base Station and Remote sites providing fixed and mobile
data connectivity up to 30 miles from the tower site. This results in up to 2,800 square miles of coverage from a single FullMAX
tower compared with the 28 square miles typically supported by other 4G technologies and three square miles by 5G technologies.
This dramatically reduces the infrastructure cost of building and operating a private cellular network. For example, to cover
a territory of over 10,000 square miles may require only four FullMAX towers compared with more than 350 typical 4G towers, depending
on the topography of the region. 6 We
also provide a variety of services associated with the sale of our FullMAX products including network design, RF planning, product
training and spectrum consulting. We provide customers with technical support, extended hardware warranties, and software. FullMAX
Network Architecture Our
Growth Strategy Our
goal is to be a global leader in providing wireless connectivity solutions enabling mission-critical Industrial Internet applications
and services. We intend to leverage our FullMAX technology and the IEEE 802.16s standard to achieve this goal. We plan to go “Deep
and Wide” in the marketing of our connectivity solutions into global critical infrastructure end markets. Our strategy is
to deeply penetrate our traditional end markets, including electric utilities while continuing the expansion of our distribution
and support capabilities into new vertical end markets such as we have recently done in the oil and gas, transportation, security,
and UAS sectors. The
key elements of our growth strategy include the following: ● | Deliver on sales pipeline opportunities. Our marketing efforts have generated the potential for significant sales in our targeted end markets. Our sales activity in the North American Class 1 Railroad sector has resulted in several pilot programs for multiple railroad operators. Once we successfully complete field testing, we expect to work with our customers to design and develop a network deployment strategy which we expect to lead to purchase orders for equipment and services. We have similar field testing and initial system deployments planned in the UAS markets, security, electric and gas utilities, and oil and gas markets. ● | Secure marketing partnerships and OEM relationships. We service blue chip customers in critical infrastructure sectors with standards-based, mission-critical connectivity solutions. Those customers value the experience and resources provided by additional ecosystem partners that help support the growth of the MC-IoT end markets. We intend to P ursue marketing and OEM partnership agreements with other Tier 1 global industrial and communications equipment suppliers that have extensive reach and domain expertise in our targeted end markets. These relationships will offer customers greater choice, expanded levels of after-market support and services, and the potential for greater product integration with intelligent equipment, and systems that are increasingly being deployed by our critical infrastructure customers. 7 ● | Develop new products to continuously improve our customer value. We introduced our Mercury remote radio in the first quarter of 2020 in order to address the expanding MC-IoT market for high volume, lower cost endpoint radios. Our Mercury radios are integrated into our existing FullMAX private network solutions, are compliant with IEEE 802.16s and can be utilized in both Tier 1 and Tier 2 network configurations. We will continue to enhance our SDR capabilities to aggregate non-contiguous channels with a focus on traditional licensed LMR frequency bands to provide IP data networking solutions in historically analog push-to-talk (PTT) bands. We will also work with our ecosystem partners to develop dual-mode products to assist in the migration from legacy networks to our next-generation FullMAX platform. ● | Expand our MC-IoT capabilities via partnerships, joint ventures or acquisitions. In addition to internal investment and development, we will actively pursue external opportunities to enhance our product offerings and solutions for our critical infrastructure customers via joint ventures, partnerships and acquisitions. This activity will be focused on companies with complementary technologies or product offerings or synergistic distribution strategies. Sales
and Marketing We
generate sales leads and new customers through direct sales efforts, third party resellers, customer referrals, consultant referrals,
trade show attendance, general marketing efforts and public relations. After
basic qualification of the prospect, the typical sales process starts with the customer supplying us with key information regarding
their network assets including the location of their existing radio tower sites and the remote locations where they require data
connectivity. We use this information to generate radio frequency coverage maps based on our FullMAX technology. This information
is formatted into a proposal which is then reviewed with the customer to determine the suitability of our solution. The next step
typically involves a customer paid onsite lab evaluation of our products during which the customer tests for basic functionality,
security and application compatibility. This is typically followed by a live, real world outdoor test in which the customer purchases
additional equipment to communicate with a representative number of utility infrastructure control points. Following
the successful evaluation of the FullMAX product in a pilot network, the customer may choose, or be required, to complete a Request
for Proposal (RFP) or Request for Quotation (RFQ) process to address the requirements of their entire network. We have participated
in many such processes and have developed an extensive library of material and processes for responding effectively and efficiently
in a timely manner. If
we are selected, we typically enter into contract negotiations with the customer based on our standard terms and condition of
sale, software licensing agreement and warranty policy. The customer then generates a purchase order and we commence fulfillment
of the order. Many purchase orders allow for or require phased delivery of products over several months or years. Many
of our customers are conservative in their decision-making process. Sales cycles for new customers can vary from one to three
years depending on the complexity of the customer’s network, whether the customer is subject to state regulations, and annual
budget cycles. We believe that the sales cycle will shorten as we build our market presence with successful FullMAX deployments
which will serve as reference customers and as the IEEE 802.16s multi-vendor ecosystem develops. Manufacturing,
Availability and Dependence upon Suppliers We
design the printed circuit boards and enclosures for our radios and maintain the bill of materials for all of the products we
manufacturer. A Bill of Materials (BOM) is a list of the raw materials, sub-assemblies, intermediate assemblies, sub-components,
parts and the quantities of each needed to manufacture an end product. The physical manufacturing of FullMAX circuit boards is
outsourced to best-in-class industrial contract manufacturers. The contract manufacturer is responsible for sourcing the majority
of components in the BOM, assembling the components onto the printed circuit boards and then delivering the final boards to us.
Once at our facility, the boards are tested, then placed into enclosures and programmed with the appropriate software. The radios
are then configured according to the requirement of the network and run through system level tests before being packaged and shipped
to the customer. 8 We
have elected to outsource manufacturing in order to allow us to focus on designing, developing and selling our products. Furthermore,
outsourced manufacturing allows us to leverage the economies of scale and expertise of specialized outsourced manufacturers, reduce
manufacturing and supply chain risk and distribution costs. We maintain multiple contract manufacturers, both domestically and
internationally, to ensure competitive pricing and to reduce the risk from a single manufacturer. Customer
Support We
supply our customers with installation manuals, user guides and system documentation as well as onsite training customized to
their specific needs. We are also capable of supporting installation and commissioning services either internally or, for extensive
projects, through subcontracted third-party specialists. We
provide remote support to our customers including radio configuration assistance, hardware and software troubleshooting, software
updates and software enhancements. The original purchase price of all FullMAX radios includes a one-year hardware warranty and
software maintenance plan. After one year, in order to continue their hardware warranty and software maintenance, the customer
enters into an Annual Support Agreement with us, the cost of which is based on the total value of our products deployed —
typically ranging from 10-15% of the current selling price. Product
Development We
retain a dedicated team of software and hardware engineers that are responsible for developing and maintaining various aspects
of our FullMAX technology. The core technology is based on state-of-the-art digital signal processing (DSP) chipsets, field programmable
gate arrays (FPGAs), and general-purpose processors. In wireless nomenclature, this concept is referred to as software defined
radio (SDR) technology. We
believe FullMAX is one of the most flexible SDRs for private WANs on the market today. It can be viewed in contrast to most other
commercial wireless technologies (e.g. LTE, Wi-Fi, etc.) which are based on dedicated communications chipsets with very limited
flexibility. We have purposely designed the technology with a wide range of flexibility given the current and evolving requirements
of industrial field area data networks. Specifically, there is the need to accommodate legacy protocols that predate Internet
Protocol (IP) and Ethernet while also supporting some of the most advanced protocols in the world including multiprotocol label
switching (MPLS). Our flexible hardware and software radio architecture ensures we can support the entire range of protocols as
our customers evolve their networks and applications. Our
SDR technology also provides our customers with unmatched flexibility with respect to radio spectrum frequency bands and channel
sizes. Our FullMAX radios work in frequency bands ranging from 70 MHz to 6 GHz and in channel sizes from 12.5 kHz to 10 MHz. This
flexibility allows our customers to repurpose their existing underutilized spectrum assets or access new licensed radio spectrum
at a lower cost. FullMAX
radios have three major software components: (i) general embedded Linux-based software, (ii) DSP software, and (iii) FPGA software.
FullMAX Base Stations and Remote radios have distinct software packages which combine these three components. Also, different
computer software tools are used to develop the source code for each of the components. Hardware design and development is completed
using standard computerized hardware design tools. 9 Our
product design process begins with detailed requirements supplied from current and prospective customers. These inputs then flow
into our development roadmap, which is divided into six, 12 and 36-month plans. A majority of our ongoing development is software
related which includes the following development process: (i) requirements specification, (ii) high level design, (iii) detailed
design, (iv) coding, (v) unit test, (vi) integration tests, (vii) lab verification tests, and (viii) outdoor deployment verification. FullMAX
is currently available on: (1) our Venus hardware platform with transmit power up to four watts; (2) our Jupiter hardware platform
with enhanced processing power combined with two (2) four-watt power amplifiers; and (3) our Mars hardware platform with our highest
transmit power radio up to 100 watts. The Jupiter and Mars platforms are targeted toward customer Base Station applications. The
Venus platform is deployed in the field in both remote radio and Base Station applications. Our
new ruggedized outdoor platform, Neptune, is at an advanced stage of development and will be produced based on customer demand.
Neptune has the same functionality as the Venus platform but is designed to be IP65 compliant for outdoor operation and to sustain
extreme shock and vibration according to the U.S. military standard MIL STD-810. Our
FullMAX technology is currently a single-tier (Tier 1) point-to-multi-point broadband wireless system. Our FullMAX topology evolution
includes the development of our Mercury product, a low-cost end point designed for licensed MC-IoT communication in either a first
tier or second tier networks installation. The Venus platform is used as the concentrator of the second tier. In a two-tier topology,
the Tier 2 system will be aggregated via a Tier 1 Remote Station. The Tier 2 network elements are now available for customer deployments. Research
& Development Our
ability to develop state-of-the-art and cost-effective solutions relative to our competitors can only be achieved through our
continued research and development efforts. Our research and development activities are headed by Menashe Shahar, our Chief Technology
Officer, based in our Sunnyvale, California headquarters. Mr. Shahar is a co-founder of the Company and has over 30 years of telecommunications
system development experience, including the design and implementation of broadband wireless data systems for top tier system
integrators and service providers including WorldCom, Nortel and ADC. Mr. Shahar has been awarded multiple patents in the data
communications industry and has been an active participant in major wireless standardization activities including IEEE 802.16.
In addition to internal research and development efforts, we also engage third party consultants to assist us in our research
and development activities. Our
research and development team works closely with our customer support team, and incorporates feedback from our customers into
our product development plans to improve our products and address emerging market requirements. Our
research and development expenses were $5,416,425 and $3,076,502 for the years ended December 31, 2019 and 2018, respectively. Intellectual
Property We
rely primarily on patent, trademark and trade secret laws to protect our proprietary technologies and intellectual property. As
of this filing, we held a total of six issued patents in the U.S., seven pending patent applications in the U.S., and one international
pending patent application. Our patents expire between 2030 and 2037, subject to any patent extensions that may be available for
such patents. Our intellectual property centers around creating and maintaining robust, private, highly secure, broadband industrial
wireless networks using our FullMAX radio technology for our mission critical customers’ networks. We view our patents as
a key strategic advantage as the markets for industrial wireless connectivity grows and as these industries move to standardized
solutions and will enable us to earn licensing fees and/or royalties for the use of our patents. We
have a policy of requiring our officers, employees, contractors and other service providers
and parties with which we do business to enter into confidentiality, non-disclosure (“NDAs”) and
assignment of invention agreements before disclosure of any of our confidential or proprietary information. 10 Seasonality We
do not believe that the industry in which we compete is subject to seasonal sales fluctuation; however, we do recognize that a
typical sales cycle for new customers may take from one to three years depending on the complexity of their network and whether
the customer is subject to state regulations and/or annual budget cycles. Dependence
on a Single Customer Because
we have only recently invested in our customer service and support organization, a small number of customers have accounted for
a substantial amount of our revenue. During the year ended December 31, 2019, three customers accounted for approximately $144,000,
$115,000 and $56,000 of our revenue, or approximately 45%, 36% and 18%, respectively. During the year ended December 31, 2018,
two customers accounted for approximately $145,000 and $32,000 of our revenue, or approximately 76% and 17%, respectively. No
other customers provided more than 10% of our revenue during 2019 and 2018. Competition We
compete with alternatives to wireless technology, public cellular data networks and private wireless networking products from
other manufactures. We believe that each of these competing solutions has core weaknesses when compared to FullMAX, as described
below. Non-wireless
technologies: ● | Leased Phone Lines – Analog lines are being retired by the phone companies and are not being replaced by new digital lines, especially where the grid assets are located. ● | Power Line Carrier – The transmit speeds supported by this technology are typically too low to meet the data rates of new applications. Furthermore, the service may not be available if there is an interruption in the grid (e.g. downed power lines); often the situation when communication is mission critical. ● | Private Fiber – Fiber is a point-to-point technology which has many points of failure (e.g. accidental or malicious fiber cuts) and security vulnerabilities (e.g. tapping). Underground fiber is cost prohibitive in most cases and above ground is susceptible to the same failures as downed power lines. Alternate
technologies: ● | Satellite Technologies — These technologies provide good coverage, but throughput is limited and latency is too high to support mission-critical applications for our customers. These technologies can be very costly as compared to our products and systems. ● | Low-Power Wide Area Networks (LP-WANs) — LP-WAN solutions such as LoRa, Sigfox and NB-IoT are architected with lower power, the purpose of which is to make these typically sensor-based networks lower-cost solutions. The low powered equipment means these systems have lower throughput and higher latency and are not reliable for mission-critical applications that require both monitoring and control functions. 11 Public
cellular data networks: ● | Public networks are vulnerable to cyber security attacks from anywhere in the world including denial of service attacks; private networks can operate independent of the public internet. Based on current and planned FAA rules, UAVs will be off-net without public Internet access. ● | Public networks are susceptible to prolonged outages during man-made and natural disasters (e.g. 9/11, Hurricane Sandy, etc.), exactly when utilities and mission critical entities require the greatest reliability. ● | Public networks are typically designed for population coverage rather than the geographic areas required by critical infrastructure providers, which often include remote locations. ● | Public networks are by definition oversubscribed, shared networks without the necessary prioritization service to support mission critical applications. ● | Public networks typically use shared infrastructure including tower sites and long-haul fiber connections resulting in vulnerabilities at many points. ● | Public networks are designed to support high capacity downloading and streaming applications with limited upload bandwidth available. Utilities typically require the reverse traffic flow, often uploading data from a large number of remote locations. Other
private wireless products: ● | Unlicensed Point to Multipoint Wireless (e.g. Wi-Fi) — This equipment is very inexpensive to purchase but is subject to interference, has many security vulnerabilities, uses a contention-based protocol and transmits only over short range. Deploying Wi-Fi over wide areas is cost prohibitive. ● | Private Licensed Narrowband Wireless Radios — These networks can provide good coverage and range but are typically too slow and lack sufficient bandwidth to support new applications and the increased number of data connections required. Governmental
Regulations Our
operations are subject to various federal, state and local laws and regulations including: ● | Authorization from the Federal Communications Commission (FCC) for operation in various licensed frequency bands, ● | customers’ licenses from the FCC, ● | licensing, permitting and inspection requirements applicable to contractors, electricians and engineers, ● | regulations relating to worker safety and environmental protection, ● | permitting and inspection requirements applicable to construction projects, ● | wage and hour regulations, ● | regulations relating to transportation of equipment and materials, including licensing and permitting requirements, ● | building and electrical codes; and ● | special bidding, procurement and other requirements on government projects. We
believe we have all the licenses materially required to conduct our operations, and we are in substantial compliance with applicable
regulatory requirements. The operation of our manufactured products by our customers (network providers and service providers)
in the U.S. or in foreign jurisdictions in a manner not in compliance with local law could result in fines, business disruption,
or harm to our reputation. The changes to regulatory and technological requirements may also alter our product offerings,
impacting our market share and business. Failure to comply with applicable regulations could result in substantial
fines or revocation of our operating licenses, or could give rise to termination or cancellation rights under our contracts or
disqualify us from future bidding opportunities. Employees As of March 13,
2020, we have 21 full-time employees and one part-time employee. Additionally, from time to time, we may hire temporary
employees. We also utilize contractors to manufacture components, for certain research and development and for system
deployment functions. None of our employees are covered by a collective bargaining agreement and we are unaware of any union
organizing efforts. We have never experienced a major work stoppage, strike or dispute. We consider our relationship with our
employees to be good. 12 Subsidiaries We
have two wholly owned subsidiaries, Ondas Networks Inc., a Delaware corporation, which is our operating company, and FS Partners
(Cayman) Limited, a Cayman Islands limited liability company. We have two majority owned subsidiaries, Full Spectrum Holding Limited,
a Cayman Islands limited liability company, and Ondas Network Limited, a company registered to do business in China. Full Spectrum
Holding Limited owns 100% of Ondas Network Limited, a company registered to do business in China. Both FS Partners (Cayman) Limited
and Full Spectrum Holding Limited were formed for the purpose of beginning operations in China. As described above, we revised
our business strategy and are in the process of dissolving our China-affiliated subsidiaries. Once this process is complete, we
will have only one wholly owned subsidiary, Ondas Networks Inc. Corporate
Information We
are a Nevada corporation. Our corporate headquarters and operation facilities are located at 165 Gibraltar Court, Sunnyvale, CA
94089. Our telephone number is (888) 350-9994 and our fax number is (408) 300-5750. We maintain a website at http://www.ondas.com. Available
Information Our
annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K and amendments to such reports filed
or furnished pursuant to section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as well as section 16 reports on Form
3, 4, or 5, are available free of charge on our website at http://www.ondas.com as soon as it is reasonably practicable after
they are filed or furnished with the SEC. Our Code of Business Conduct and the charters for the Audit Committee, the Compensation
Committee and the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee of our Board of Directors (“Board”) are also available
on our website. The Code of Business Conduct and charters are also available in print to any shareholder upon request without
charge. Requests for such documents should be directed to Eric Brock, Chief Executive Officer, at 165 Gibraltar Court, Sunnyvale,
CA 94089. Our Internet website and the information contained on it or connected to it are not part of, or incorporated by, reference
into this Form 10-K. Our filings with the SEC are also available on the SEC’s website at http://www.sec.go v . 13 Item 1A. | Risk Factors RISK
FACTORS Investing
in our common stock involves a high degree of risk. Before you invest in our common stock, you should carefully consider the following
risks, as well as general economic and business risks, and all of the other information contained in this Form 10-K. Any of the
following risks could harm our business, operating results and financial condition and cause the trading price of our common stock
to decline, which would cause you to lose all or part of your investment. When determining whether to invest, you should also
refer to the other information contained in this Form 10-K including our financial statements and the related notes thereto. Risks
Related to Our Business and Industry We
have incurred significant operating losses since inception and cannot assure you that we will ever achieve or sustain profitability. Since
our inception, we have incurred significant net losses. To date, we have financed our operations primarily through sales of our
equity securities and debt financings. To
implement our business strategy we need to, among other things, continue to attract and retain talented officers, employees, contractors
and other service providers, complete the development of our low cost Mercury end points, further develop an ecosystem for the
IEEE 802.16s wireless standard, manage new ecosystem partnerships and OEM relationships, establish high volume manufacturing (outsourced),
and establish new distribution channels including those in international markets. We have never been profitable and do not expect
to be profitable in the foreseeable future. We expect our expenses to increase significantly as we pursue these objectives. The
extent of our future operating losses and the timing of profitability are highly uncertain, and we expect to continue incurring
significant expenses and operating losses over the next several years. Any additional operating losses may have an adverse effect
on our stockholders’ equity and the price of our common stock, and we cannot assure you that we will ever be able to achieve
profitability. Even
if we achieve profitability, we may not be able to sustain or increase such profitability .
Additionally, our costs may increase in future periods and we may expend substantial financial and other resources on, among things,
sales and marketing, the hiring of additional officers, employees, contractors and other service providers, and general administration,
which may include a significant increase in legal and accounting expenses related to public company compliance, continued compliance
and various regulations applicable to our business or arising from the growth and maturity of our company . Our failure
to become and remain profitable would depress the value of our company and could impair our ability to raise capital, expand our
business, maintain our development efforts, obtain regulatory approvals, diversify our product and service offerings or continue
our operations , and may cause the price of our common stock to decline . While
we have historically worked with electrical utilities, we are currently expanding into new vertical end markets such as water
utilities, oil and gas and transportation, in which we have limited prior operating history. Failure to establish ourselves in
these new markets can have a material adverse effect on our business prospects. We
have historically worked with and geared our product offerings to the requirements of the electrical utilities and other suppliers
of electrical power. We have in the past few years expanded our product design and development efforts to address the needs of
other mission critical infrastructures, such as water utilities, oil and gas production and transportation. Achieving market acceptance
in these new markets, of which no assurance can be provided, is critical to our success, and accordingly, failure to establish
ourselves in these new markets may materially adversely affect our business or operating results. While we believe that the adoption
of industry standards should facilitate our entry into these new markets, no assurance can be provided that our product and service
offerings will be adopted or accepted. 14 The
IEEE 802.16s wireless broadband standard is newly published and adoption of this standard by customers in our target critical
infrastructure sectors is uncertain. The
IEEE 802.16s wireless broadband standard was published in October 2017. In addition, we are currently the only manufacturer of
IEEE 802.16s compliant equipment. The benefit of the standard to buyers of our equipment are greater when there exists a large,
deep market in terms of the number of customers. A large market benefits from the scale provided such that many vendors can compete
on service, price and quality of solution driving improved value for customers. If a large end market doesn’t develop and
customers don’t see the related benefits from the standard, we may not be able to grow our business. However, we believe
that it is too early to accurately gauge the adoption by our target markets of this new evolving standard and there can be no
assurances that this technology standard will be widely adopted by our target customers. Failure
to manage our planned growth could place a significant strain on our resources. Our
ability to successfully implement our business plan requires an effective plan for managing our future growth. We plan to increase
the scope of our operations. Current and future expansion efforts will be expensive and may significantly strain our managerial
and other resources and ability to manage working capital. To manage future growth effectively, we must manage expanded operations,
integrate new personnel and maintain and enhance our financial and accounting systems and controls. If we do not manage growth
properly, it could harm our business, financial condition or results of operations and make it difficult for us to satisfy our
debt obligations. We
may be unsuccessful in achieving our organic growth strategies, which could limit our revenue growth or financial performance.
Our ability to generate organic growth will be affected by our ability to, among other things: ● | attract new customers; ● | increase the number of products purchased from customers; ● | maintain profitable gross margins in the sale and maintenance of our products; ● | increase the number of projects performed for existing customers; ● | achieve the estimated revenue we announced from new customer contracts; ● | hire and retain qualified employees; ● | expand the range of our products and services we offer to customers to address their evolving network needs; ● | expand geographically, including internationally; and ● | address the challenges presented by difficult and unpredictable global and regional economic or market conditions that may affect us or our customers. Many
of the factors affecting our ability to generate organic growth may be beyond our control, and we cannot be certain that our strategies
for achieving internal growth will be attempted, realized or successful. Our
growth depends in part on the success of our strategic partnerships with third parties. In
order to grow our business, we depend on partnerships with market leading technology companies to accelerate the adoption of our
wireless technology. If we are unsuccessful in maintaining our partnerships with third parties, or if our partnerships do not
provide us the anticipated benefits, our ability to compete in the marketplace or to grow our revenue could be impaired and our
operating results may suffer. Even if we are successful, we cannot assure you that these partnerships will result in increased
adoption of our technology or increased revenue. 15 If
we fail to retain our existing customers and consumers or do not acquire new customers or consumers in a cost-effective manner,
our revenue may decrease and our business, financial condition or results of operations may be harmed. We
believe that our success is dependent on our ability to continue identifying and anticipating the needs of our customers and consumers,
to retain our existing customers and consumers and to add new customers and consumers. For example, we launched a business expansion
plan in 2018 to leverage our FullMAX platform and penetrate the large, critical infrastructure end markets we target and grew
our dedicated sales resources to broaden our marketing efforts into new industries and sectors. As a result, we have significantly
increased customer engagement in the transportation, oil and gas, security and UAS end markets, and we expect that our qualified
customer pipeline will increase throughout 2020. However, as we become larger through organic growth, the growth rates for consumer
engagement, project volume and average spend per customer may slow, even if we continue to add consumers and customers on an absolute
basis. In addition, the costs associated with customer and consumer retention may be substantially lower than costs associated
with the acquisition of new customers or consumers. Therefore, our failure to retain existing customers or consumers, even if
such losses are offset by an increase in revenue resulting from the acquisition of new customers or consumers, could have an adverse
effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. Additionally,
while a key part of our business strategy is to add customers and consumers in our existing geographic markets, we may expand
our operations into new geographic markets. In doing so, we may incur losses or otherwise fail to enter new markets successfully.
Our expansion into new markets may place us in unfamiliar and competitive environments and involve various risks, including the
need to invest significant resources and the possibility that returns on such investments will not be achieved for several years
or at all. We
have significant dependence on a small number of customers, and the loss of such customers or a decrease in business conducted
with such customers could materially harm our business, financial condition or results of operations. Because
we have only recently invested in our customer service and support organization, a small number of customers have accounted for
a substantial amount of our revenue. During the year ended December 31, 2019, three customers accounted for approximately $144,000,
$115,000 and $56,000 of our revenue, or approximately 45%, 36% and 18%, respectively. During the year ended December 31, 2018,
two customers accounted for approximately $145,000 and $32,000 of our revenue or 76% and 17%, respectively. No other customers
provided more than 10% of our revenue during 2019 and 2018. The loss of either of these customers or a decrease in the business
conducted with such customers could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition or results of operations. Project
performance delays or difficulties, including those caused by third parties, or certain contractual obligations may result in
additional costs to us, reductions in revenues or the payment of liquidated damages. Many
projects involve challenging engineering, construction or installation phases that may occur over extended time periods. We may
encounter difficulties as a result of delays or changes in designs, engineering information or materials provided by our customer
or a third party, delays or difficulties in equipment and material delivery, schedule changes, delays from our customer’s
failure to timely obtain permits or meet other regulatory requirements, weather-related delays and other factors, many of which
are beyond our control, that impact our ability to complete the project in accordance with the original delivery schedule. In
addition, we contract with third-party subcontractors to assist us with the completion of contracts. Any delay or failure by suppliers
or by subcontractors in the completion of their portion of the project may be beyond our control and may result in delays in the
overall progress of the project or may cause us to incur additional costs, or both. Delays and additional costs may be substantial
and, in some cases, we may be required to compensate the customer for such delays. Delays may also disrupt the final completion
of our contracts as well as the corresponding recognition of revenues and expenses therefrom. In certain circumstances, we guarantee
project completion by a scheduled acceptance date or achievement of certain acceptance and performance testing levels; failure
to meet any of our guarantees, schedules or performance requirements could also result in additional costs or penalties to us,
including obligations to pay liquidated damages, and such amounts could exceed expected project profit. In extreme cases, the
above-mentioned factors could cause project cancellations, and we may be unable to replace such projects with similar projects
or at all. Such delays or cancellations may impact our reputation, brand or relationships with customers, adversely affecting
our ability to secure new contracts. 16 Our
contractors may fail to satisfy their obligations to us or other parties, or we may be unable to maintain these relationships,
either of which may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. We
depend on third party contractors to complete manufacturing, certain research and development and deployment functions. There
is a risk that we may have disputes with contractors arising from, among other things, the quality and timeliness of work performed
by the contractor, customer concerns about the contractor or our failure to extend existing task orders or issue new task orders.
In addition, if any of our contractors fail to deliver on a timely basis the agreed-upon supplies and/or perform the agreed-upon
services, then our ability to fulfill our obligations may be jeopardized. In addition, the absence of qualified contractors with
whom we have a satisfactory relationship could adversely affect the quality of our service and our ability to perform under some
of our contracts. Any of these factors may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. Material
delays or defaults in customer payments could leave us unable to cover expenditures related to such customer’s projects,
including the payment of our subcontractors. Because
of the nature of most of our contracts, we commit resources to projects prior to receiving payments from our customers in amounts
sufficient to cover expenditures as they are incurred. In certain cases, these expenditures include paying our contractors and
purchasing parts. If a customer defaults in making its payments on a project or projects to which we have devoted significant
resources, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. Certain
of our officers, employees, contractors and other service providers may work on projects that are inherently dangerous, and a
failure to maintain a safe worksite could result in significant losses. Certain
of our project sites can place our officers, employees, contractors and other service
providers and others, including third parties, in difficult or dangerous environments, and may involve difficult and
hard to reach terrain, high elevation, or locations near large or complex equipment, moving vehicles, high voltage or other safety
hazards or dangerous processes. Safety is a primary focus of our business and maintaining a good reputation for safety is critical
to our business. Many of our customers require that we meet certain safety criteria to be eligible to bid on contracts. We maintain
programs with the primary purpose of implementing effective health, safety and environmental procedures throughout our company. Maintaining
such programs involves variable costs which may increase as governmental, regulatory and industry safety standards evolve, and
any increase in such costs may materially affect or business, financial condition or results of operations. Further, if we
fail to implement appropriate safety procedures or if our procedures fail, our officers,
employees, contractors and other service providers, including third parties, may suffer injuries. Failure to comply
with such procedures, client contracts or applicable regulations, or the occurrence of such injuries, could subject us to material
losses and liability and may adversely impact our ability to obtain projects in the future or
to hire and retain talented officers, employees, contractors and other services providers, therefore materially adversely affecting
our business, financial condition or results of operations . Warranty
claims resulting from our services could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. We
generally warrant our manufactured products, including hardware and software, for a period of one year from the date of receipt
of the product by the customer. After the first year, the customer can pay for extended hardware warranty and software maintenance
and upgrades on an annual basis in advance. While costs that we have incurred historically under our warranty obligations have
not been material, the costs associated with such warranties, including any warranty related legal proceedings, are variable and
could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. 17 We
rely on our management team and need additional personnel to grow our business, and the loss of one or more key officers, employees,
contractors and other service providers or our inability to attract and retain qualified personnel could harm our business, financial
condition or results of operations. We
depend, in part, on the performance of Eric Brock, our Chief Executive Officer, Stewart Kantor, our President and Chief Financial
Officer, and Menashe Shahar, the Chief Technology Officer of Ondas Networks, to operate and grow our business. The loss of any
of Messrs. Brock, Kantor or Shahar could negatively impact our ability to execute our business strategies. Although we have entered
into employment agreements with Messrs. Brock, Kantor and Shahar, we may be unable to retain them or replace any of them if we
lose their services for any reason. Our
future success will also depend on our ability to attract, retain and motivate highly skilled management, product development,
operations, sales, technical and other personnel in the United States and abroad. Even in today’s economic climate, competition
for these types of personnel is intense, particularly in the Silicon Valley, where our headquarters are located. All of our employees,
contractors and other service providers in the United States work for us on an at-will basis. Given the lengthy sales cycles with
utilities and deployment periods of our networking platform and solutions, the loss of key personnel at any time could adversely
affect our business, financial condition or results of operations. Our
ability to provide bid bonds, performance bonds or letters of credit is limited and could negatively affect our ability to bid
on or enter into significant long-term agreements. We
have in the past been, and may in the future be, required to provide bid bonds or performance bonds to secure our performance
under customer contracts or, in some cases, as a pre-requisite to submit a bid on a potential project. Our ability to obtain such
bonds primarily depends upon our capitalization, working capital, past performance, management expertise, reputation, brand and
external factors beyond our control, including the overall capacity of the surety market and
general and regional economic and regulatory conditions . Surety companies consider those factors in relation to the amount
of our tangible net worth and other underwriting standards that may change from time to time. Surety companies may require that
we collateralize a percentage of the bond with our cash or other form of credit enhancement. Events that affect surety markets
generally may result in bonding becoming more difficult to obtain in the future, or being available only at a significantly greater
cost. In addition, some of our utility customers also require collateral guarantees in the form of letters of credit to secure
performance or to fund possible damages as the result of an event of default under our contracts with them. If we enter into significant
long-term agreements that require the issuance of letters of credit, our liquidity could be negatively impacted. Our inability
to obtain adequate bonding or letters of credit and, as a result, to bid or enter into significant long-term agreements, could
have a material adverse effect on our future revenues and business prospects. Substantially
all our current products depend on the availability and are subject to the use of licensed radio frequencies regulated by the
FCC in the United States. Substantially
all of our current hardware products are designed to communicate wirelessly via licensed radio frequencies and therefore depend
on the availability of adequate radio spectrum in order to operate. It is possible that the FCC or the U.S. Congress could adopt
additional regulations or policies which are, or may change or modify current regulations
or policies so that they are, harmful to our business or incompatible with our current or future product offerings,
as well as products currently installed in the field . Additional regulations or policies
or changes or modifications to current regulations or policies may require modification or replacement of our products, including
products currently installed in the field, at significant, or even prohibitive, cost to us, and may require changes or modifications
to, or termination of, ongoing or planned projects. Any of these developments could materially and adversely impact our business,
financial condition or results of operations. 18 Our
marketing efforts depend significantly on our ability to receive positive references from our existing customers. Our
marketing efforts depend significantly on our ability to call on our current and past customers to provide positive references
to new, potential customers. Given our limited number of customers, the loss or dissatisfaction of any customer could substantially
harm our brand and reputation, inhibit the market acceptance of our products and services, and impair our ability to attract new
utility customers and maintain existing utility customers. Further, as we expand into new vertical end markets such as oil and
gas and transportation, references from existing customers could be similarly important. Any of these consequences could have
a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. If
our products contain defects or otherwise fail to perform as expected, we could be liable for damages and incur unanticipated
warranty, recall and other related expenses, our reputation could be damaged, we could lose market share and, as a result, our
financial condition or results of operations could suffer. Our
products are complex and may contain defects or experience failures due to any number of issues in design, materials, manufacture,
deployment and/or use. If any of our products contain a defect, compatibility or interoperability issue or other error, we may
have to devote significant time and resources to find and correct the issue. Such efforts could divert the attention of our management
team and other relevant personnel from other important tasks. A product recall or a significant number of product returns could:
be expensive; damage our reputation and relationships with utilities and other third-party vendors; result in the loss of business
to competitors; and result in litigation against us. Costs associated with field replacement labor, hardware replacement, re-integration
with third-party products, handling charges, correcting defects, errors and bugs, or other issues could be significant and could
materially harm our financial results. Estimated
future product warranty claims are based on the expected number of field failures over the warranty commitment period, the term
of the product warranty period, and the costs for repair, replacement and other associated costs. Our warranty obligations are
affected by product failure rates, claims levels, material usage and product re-integration and handling costs. Because
our products are relatively new and we do not yet have the benefit of long-term experience observing products’ performance
in the field, our estimates of a product’s lifespan and incidence of claims may be inaccurate. Should actual product failure
rates, claims levels, material usage, product re-integration and handling costs, defects, errors, bugs or other issues differ
from the original estimates, we could end up incurring materially higher warranty or recall expenses than we anticipate. To
date we have eliminated or limited the extent of liquidated damages and/or consequential losses from our agreements with customers.
It is possible that we may not be able to achieve this in the future which could expose us to significant liabilities. Our
technology, products and services have only been developed in the last several years and we have had only limited opportunities
to deploy and assess their performance in the field at full scale. The
current generation of our radio hardware and software has only been developed in the last several years and is continuing to evolve.
Deploying and operating our technology is a complex endeavor and, until recently, had been done primarily by a small number of
customers and primarily in the electric utility industry. As the size, complexity and scope of our deployments grow we have been
able to test product performance at a greater scale and in a variety of new geographic settings and environmental conditions.
As the number, size and complexity of our deployments grow and we deploy FullMAX systems for new applications in new critical
infrastructure industries beyond electric utilities, we may encounter unforeseen operational, technical and other challenges,
some of which could cause significant delays, trigger contractual penalties, result in unanticipated expenses, and/or damage to
our reputation, each of which could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 19 If
we fail to respond to evolving technological changes, our products and services could become obsolete or less competitive. Our
industry is highly competitive and characterized by new and rapidly evolving technologies, standards, regulations, customer requirements,
as well as frequent product introductions and revisions. Accordingly, our operating results depend upon our ability to develop
and introduce new products and services, our ability to reduce production costs of our existing products. The process of developing
new technologies and products is complex, and if we are unable to develop enhancements to, and new features for, our existing
products and services or acceptable new products and services that keep pace with technological developments or industry standards,
our products may become obsolete, less marketable and less competitive and our business ,
financial condition or results of operations could be significantly harmed. We
depend on our ability to develop new products and to enhance and sustain the quality of existing products. Our
growth and future success will depend, in part, on our ability to continue to design and manufacture new competitive products
and to enhance and sustain the quality and marketability of our existing products. As such, we have made, and expect to continue
to make, substantial investments in technology development. In the future, we may not have the necessary capital, or access to
capital on acceptable terms, to fund necessary levels of research and development. Even with adequate capital resources, we may
nonetheless experience unforeseen problems in the development or performance of our technologies or products. In addition, we
may not meet our product development schedules and, even if we do, we may not develop new products fast enough to provide sufficient
differentiation from our competitors’ products, which may be more successful. We
and our customers operate in a highly regulated business environment and changes in regulation could impose costs on us or make
our products less economical. Our
products and services and our utility customers are subject to federal, state, local and foreign laws and regulations. Laws and
regulations applicable to us and our products govern, among other things, the manner in which our products communicate, and the
environmental impact and electrical reliability of our products. Additionally, our critical infrastructure customers are often
regulated by national, state and/or local bodies, including public utility commissions, the Department of Energy, the Federal
Energy Regulatory Commission, the FCC, Federal Rail Association and other bodies. Prospective utility customers may be required
to gain approval from any or all of these organizations prior to implementing our products and services, including specific permissions
related to the cost recovery of these systems. Regulatory agencies may impose special requirements for implementation and operation
of our products. We may incur material costs or liabilities in complying with government regulations applicable to us or our utility
customers. In addition, potentially significant expenditures could be required in order to comply with evolving regulations and
requirements that may be adopted or imposed on us or our utility customers in the future. Such costs could make our products less
economical and could impact our utility customers’ willingness to adopt our products, which could materially and adversely
affect our revenue, results of operations and financial condition. Furthermore,
changes in the underlying regulatory conditions that affect critical infrastructure industries could have a potentially adverse
effect on our customers’ interest or ability to implement our technologies. Many regulatory jurisdictions have implemented
rules that provide financial incentives for the implementation of energy efficiency and demand response technologies, often by
providing rebates or through the restructuring of utility rates. If these programs were to cease, or if they were restructured
in a manner inconsistent with the capabilities enabled by our products and services, our business, financial condition and results
of operations could be significantly harmed. 20 If
our products do not interoperate with our customers’ other systems, the purchase or deployment of our products and services may
be delayed or cancelled. Our
products are designed to interface with our customers’ other systems, each of which may have different specifications and
utilize multiple protocol standards and products from other vendors. Our products will be required to interoperate with many or
all of these products as well as future products in order to meet our customers’ requirements. If we find errors in the
existing software or defects in the hardware used in our utility customers’ systems, we may need to modify our products
or services to fix or overcome these errors so that our products will interoperate with the existing software and hardware, which
could be costly and negatively affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. In addition, if our products
and services do not interoperate with our customers’ systems, customers may seek to hold us liable, demand for our products
could be adversely affected or orders for our products could be delayed or cancelled. This could hurt our operating results, damage
our reputation or brand, and seriously harm our prospects, business, financial condition or results of operations. We
do not control certain aspects of the manufacture of our product, including the supply of key components used to build our products
and we also depend on a limited number of manufacturers. Our
future success will depend significantly on the availability of key components, and our ability to manufacture our products timely
and cost-effectively, in sufficient volumes, and in accordance with quality standards. Our reliance on a small number of manufacturers
reduces our control over the manufacturing process, exposing us to risks, including reduced control over quality assurance, product
costs and product supply including delays in transportation and delivery. Any manufacturing disruption by our usual manufacturers
could impair our ability to fulfill orders. We may be unable to manage our relationships with our usual manufacturers effectively
as they may experience delays, disruptions, capacity constraints or quality control problems in their manufacturing operations
or otherwise fail to meet our future requirements for timely delivery. Similarly, to the extent that our usual manufacturers procure
materials on our behalf, we may not benefit from any warranties received by our usual manufacturers from the suppliers or otherwise
have recourse against the original supplier of the materials or even the manufacturer. In such circumstances, if the original
supplier were to provide us or our usual manufacturers with faulty materials, we might not be able to recover the costs of such
materials or be compensated for any damages that arise as a result of the inclusion of the faulty components in our products. One
or more of our usual manufacturers may suffer an interruption in its business, or experience delays, disruptions or quality control
problems in its manufacturing operations, or seek to terminate its relationship with us, or we may choose to change or add additional
manufacturers for other reasons. Additionally, we do not have long-term supply agreements with our usual manufacturers. As a result,
we may be unable to renew or extend our agreement on terms favorable to us, if at all. Although the manufacturing services required
to manufacture and assemble our products may be readily available from a number of established manufacturers, it may be risky,
time consuming and costly to qualify and implement new manufacturer relationships. Any
of these risks could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. We
may seek to grow our business through acquisitions of complementary companies, products, services or technologies, and the failure
to manage acquisitions, or the failure to integrate them with our existing business, could harm our business, financial condition
and operating results. From
time to time, we may consider opportunities to acquire other companies, products, services or technologies that may enhance our
product platform or technology, expand the breadth of our markets or customer base, or advance our business strategies. Potential
acquisitions involve numerous risks, including: ● | problems assimilating the acquired companies, products, services or technologies; ● | issues maintaining uniform standards, procedures, controls and policies; ● | unanticipated costs associated with acquisitions; ● | diversion of management’s attention from our existing business; ● | risks associated with entering new markets in which we have limited or no experience; ● | increased legal and accounting costs relating to the acquisitions or compliance with regulatory matters; and ● | unanticipated or undisclosed liabilities of any target. 21 We
have no current commitments with respect to any acquisition. We do not know if we will be able to identify acquisitions we deem
suitable, whether we will be able to successfully complete any such acquisitions on favorable terms or at all, or whether we will
be able to successfully integrate any acquired companies, products, services or technologies. Our potential inability to identify
and complete such acquisitions or integrate any acquired products or technologies effectively may adversely affect our business,
financial condition or results of operations. Litigation
may adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. From
time to time in the normal course of our business operations, we may become subject to litigation that may result in liability
material to our financial condition as a whole or may negatively affect our operating results if changes to our business operations
are required. The cost to defend such litigation may be significant and may require a significant diversion of our resources ,
and there is no guarantee that we will be able to successfully defend against any such litigation regardless of particular merits .
There also may be adverse publicity associated with litigation that could negatively affect customer perception of our business,
regardless of whether the allegations are valid or whether we are ultimately found liable. Insurance may not be available on favorable
terms, at all, or in sufficient amounts to cover any liabilities with respect to these or other matters. A judgment or other liability
in excess of our insurance coverage for any claims could adversely affect our business, financial condition and the results of
our operations. Any outbreak
of contagious diseases, or other adverse public health developments, could have a material and adverse effect on our business operations,
financial condition and results of operations. In December 2019,
a novel strain of coronavirus was first identified in Wuhan, Hubei Province, China, and has since spread to a
number of other countries, including the United States. Any outbreak of contagious diseases, or other adverse public health
developments, could have a material and adverse effect on our business operations. For example, the coronavirus may
impact the global economy or negatively affect various aspects of our business, including our workforce and demand for our
products and services. An impact to our workforce could impact our ability to deliver our products and services to our
customers and make it more difficult to meet our expectations and obligations. The extent to which
the coronavirus may impact our business will depend on future developments, which are highly uncertain and cannot
be predicted, including new information which may emerge concerning the severity of the coronavirus. A health
epidemic or other outbreak could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of
operations. Risks
Related to our Intellectual Property Our
ability to protect our intellectual property and proprietary technology is uncertain. We
rely primarily on patent, trademark and trade secret laws, as well as confidentiality and non-disclosure agreements, to protect
our proprietary technologies and intellectual property. As of this filing, we held a total of six issued patents in the U.S.,
seven patent pending applications in the U.S., and one international pending patent application. Our patents expire between 2030
and 2037, subject to any patent extensions that may be available for such patents. We
have applied for patent protection relating to certain existing and proposed products and processes. Currently, several of our
issued U.S. patents as well as various pending U.S. and foreign patent applications relate to our FullMAX systems, and are therefore
important to the functionality of our products. If we fail to timely file a patent application in any jurisdiction, we may be
precluded from doing so at a later date. Furthermore, we cannot assure you that any of our patent applications will be approved
in a timely manner or at all. The rights granted to us under our patents, and the rights we are seeking to have granted in our
pending patent applications, may not be meaningful or provide us with any commercial advantage. In addition, those rights could
be opposed, contested or circumvented by our competitors, or be declared invalid or unenforceable in judicial or administrative
proceedings. The failure of our patents to adequately protect our technology might make it easier or cheaper for our competitors
to offer the same or similar products or technologies. Even if we are successful in receiving patent protection for certain products
and processes, our competitors may be able to design around our patents or develop products that provide outcomes which are comparable
or superior to ours without infringing on our intellectual property rights. Due to differences between foreign and U.S. patent
laws, our patented intellectual property rights may not receive the same degree of protection in foreign countries as they would
in the United States. Even if patents are granted outside the U.S., effective enforcement in those countries may not be available without
significant cost and time expense or at all . We
rely on our trademarks and trade names to distinguish our products from the products of our competitors. Third-parties may challenge
our use of the trademarks. In the event that our trademarks are successfully challenged, we could be forced to rebrand our products,
which could result in loss of brand recognition, and could require us to devote additional resources to marketing new brands.
Further, we cannot assure you that competitors will not infringe upon our trademarks, or that we will have adequate resources
to enforce our trademarks. 22 We
also rely on trade secrets, know-how and technology, which are not protectable by patents, to maintain our competitive position.
We try to protect this information by entering into confidentiality agreements and intellectual property assignment agreements
with our officers, employees, contractors and other service providers regarding
our intellectual property and proprietary technology. In the event of unauthorized use or disclosure or other breaches of those
agreements, we may not be provided with meaningful protection for our trade secrets or other proprietary information. In addition,
our trade secrets may otherwise become known or be independently discovered by competitors. To the extent that our commercial
partners, collaborators, officers, employees, contractors and other service providers use
intellectual property owned by others in their work for us, disputes may arise as to the rights in the related or resulting know-how
and inventions. If any of our trade secrets, know-how or other technologies not protected by a patent were to be disclosed to
or independently developed by a competitor, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be materially adversely
affected. If
a competitor infringes upon one of our patents, trademarks or other intellectual property rights, enforcing those patents, trademarks
and other rights may be costly, difficult and time consuming. Patent law relating to the scope of claims in the industry in which
we operate is subject to rapid change and constant evolution and, consequently, patent positions in our industry can be uncertain.
Even if successful, litigation to defend our patents and trademarks against challenges or to enforce our intellectual property
rights could be expensive and time consuming and could divert management’s attention from managing our business. Moreover,
we may not have sufficient resources or desire to defend our patents or trademarks against challenges or to enforce our intellectual
property rights. Litigation also puts our patents at risk of being invalidated or interpreted narrowly and our patent applications
at risk of not issuing. Additionally, we may provoke third-parties to assert claims against us. We may not prevail in any lawsuits
that we initiate and the damages or other remedies awarded, if any, may not be commercially valuable. The occurrence of any of
these events may harm our business, financial condition and operating results. Our
business may suffer if it is alleged or found that our products infringe the intellectual property rights of others. Our
industry is characterized by the existence of a large number of patents and by litigation based on allegations of infringement
or other violations of intellectual property rights. Moreover, in recent years, individuals and groups have purchased patents
and other intellectual property assets for the purpose of making claims of infringement in order to extract settlements from companies
like ours. To date we have received no claims with respect to our infringement of intellectual property or patents but, in the
future, third parties may claim that we are infringing upon their patents or other intellectual property rights. In addition,
we may be or may become contractually obligated to indemnify our utility customers or other third parties that use or resell our
products in the event our products are alleged to infringe a third-party’s intellectual property rights. Responding to such
claims, regardless of their merit, can be time consuming, costly to defend in litigation, divert management’s attention
and resources, damage our reputation and brand, and cause us to incur significant expenses. Even if we are indemnified against
such costs, the indemnifying party may be unable to uphold its contractual obligations. Further, claims of intellectual property
infringement might require us to redesign affected products, delay affected product offerings, enter into costly settlement or
license agreements or pay costly damage awards or face a temporary or permanent injunction prohibiting us from marketing, selling
or distributing the affected products. If we cannot or do not license the alleged infringed technology on reasonable terms or
at all, or substitute similar technology from another source, our revenue and earnings could be adversely impacted. Additionally,
our utility customers may not purchase our products if they are concerned that our products infringe third-party intellectual
property rights. This could reduce the market opportunity for the sale of our products and services. The occurrence of any of
these events may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 23 If
we are unable to protect the confidentiality of our proprietary information, the value of our technology and products could be
adversely affected. In
addition to patented technology, we rely on our unpatented technology, trade secrets and know-how. We generally seek to protect
this information by confidentiality, non-disclosure and assignment of invention agreements with our officers, employees, contractors
and other service providers and with parties with which we do business.
These agreements may be breached, which breach may result in the misappropriation of such information, and we may not have adequate
remedies for any such breach. We cannot be certain that the steps we have taken will prevent unauthorized use or reverse engineering
of our technology. Moreover,
our trade secrets may be disclosed to or otherwise become known or be independently developed by competitors. To the extent that
our officers, employees, contractors, other service providers, or other third parties with whom we do business use intellectual
property owned by others in their work for us, disputes may arise as to the rights in related or resulting know-how and inventions.
If, for any of the above reasons, our intellectual property is disclosed or misappropriated, it would harm our ability to protect
our rights and have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. We
use open source software in our products and services that may subject our products and services to general release or require
us to re-engineer our products and services, which may cause harm to our business. We
use open source software in connection with our products and services. From time to time, companies that incorporate open source
software into their products have faced claims challenging the ownership of open source software and/or compliance with open source
license terms. Therefore, we could be subject to suits by parties claiming ownership of what we believe to be open source software
or noncompliance with open source licensing terms. Some open source software licenses require users who distribute open source
software as part of their software to publicly disclose all or part of the source code to such software and/or make available
any derivative works of the open source code on unfavorable terms or at no cost. While we monitor the use of open source software
in our products and services and try to ensure that none is used in a manner that would require us to disclose the source code
to the related product or that would otherwise breach the terms of an open source agreement, such use could inadvertently occur
and we may be required to release our proprietary source code, pay damages for breach of contract, re-engineer our products, discontinue
the sale of our products in the event re-engineering cannot be accomplished on a timely basis or take other remedial action that
may divert resources away from our development efforts, any of which could adversely affect our business, operating results and
financial condition. Intellectual
property rights do not necessarily address all potential threats to our competitive advantage. The
degree of future protection afforded by our intellectual property rights is uncertain because intellectual property rights have
limitations, and may not adequately protect our business, or permit us to maintain our competitive advantage. The following examples
are illustrative: ● | others may be able to make devices that are the same as or similar to our remote radios but that are not covered by the claims of the patents that we own; ● | we or any collaborators might not have been the first to make the inventions covered by the issued patents or pending patent applications that we own; ● | we might not have been the first to file patent applications covering certain of our inventions; ● | others may independently develop similar or alternative technologies or duplicate any of our technologies without infringing our intellectual property rights; ● | it is possible that our pending patent applications will not lead to issued patents; ● | issued patents that we own may not provide us with any competitive advantages, or may be held invalid or unenforceable as a result of legal challenges; ● | our competitors might conduct research and development activities in the U.S. and other countries that provide a safe harbor from patent infringement claims for certain research and development activities, as well as in countries where we do not have patent rights, and then use the information learned from such activities to develop competitive products for sale in our major commercial markets; and ● | we may not develop additional proprietary technologies that are patentable. 24 Risks
Related to our Financial Results and Need for Financing We
will need to generate significant sales to achieve profitable operations. We
intend to increase our operating expenses substantially in connection with the planned expansion of our business, establishment
of our sales and marketing infrastructure, our ongoing research and development activities, and the commensurate development of
our management and administrative functions , but there is no guarantee that we will succeed
in these endeavors . We will need to generate significant sales to achieve profitability, and we might not be able to do
so. Even if we do generate significant sales, we might not be able to achieve, sustain or increase profitability on a quarterly
or annual basis in the future. If our sales grow more slowly than we expect, or if our operating expenses exceed our expectations,
our business, financial condition and results of operations may be adversely affected. We
may not be able to generate sufficient cash to service our indebtedness, which currently consists of the secured loans with Steward
Capital. We
currently have issued secured notes to Steward Capital in the aggregate principal amount of $10 million, pursuant to term loans
under a Loan and Security Agreement, as amended, that mature September 19, 2020, or the Steward Capital Loan and Security Agreement.
At December 31, 2019, the accrued interest on the secured loans was $438,000. In addition, we must pay $550,000 to Steward Capital
at maturity for end-of-loan and loan extension fees. Our obligations under the Steward Capital Loan and Security Agreement are
secured by a first priority security interest in substantially all of our assets. The Steward Capital Loan and Security Agreement
also contains certain restrictive covenants that limit our ability to incur additional indebtedness and liens, merge with other
companies or consummate certain changes of control, acquire other companies, engage in new lines of business, make certain investments,
pay dividends, transfer or dispose of assets, amend certain material agreements or enter into various specified transactions,
as well as financial reporting requirements. We were in compliance with the affirmative and restrictive covenants as of December
31, 2019 and as of the date of this filing. We may also enter into other debt agreements in the future which may contain similar
or more restrictive terms. Our
ability to make the scheduled payment to Steward Capital depends on numerous factors, including the amount of our cash reserves
and our actual and projected financial and operating performance. These amounts and our performance are subject to certain financial
and business factors, as well as prevailing economic and competitive conditions, some of which may be beyond our control. We cannot
assure you that we will maintain a level of cash reserves or cash flows from operating activities sufficient to permit us to pay
the Steward Capital secured loans when due. If our cash flows and capital resources are insufficient to fund our debt service
obligation to Steward Capital, we may be forced sell assets or operations, seek additional capital or restructure or refinance
our indebtedness. We cannot assure you that we would be able to take any of these actions, or that these actions would permit
us to meet our scheduled obligation to Steward Capital. Failure to comply with the conditions of the Steward Capital Loan and
Security Agreement could result in an event of default, which could result in an acceleration of amounts due under the Steward
Capital Loan and Security Agreement. We may not have sufficient funds or may be unable to arrange for additional financing to
repay our indebtedness and Steward Capital could seek to enforce security interests in the collateral securing such indebtedness,
which would have a material adverse effect on our business. 25 If
we do not obtain additional capital to fund our growth, operations, and obligations, our growth may be limited. We
will require additional capital to fund our growth, operations, and obligations. As our business has grown, we have managed periods
of tight liquidity by accessing capital from our stockholders and their affiliates. Our capital requirements will depend on several
factors, including: ● | our ability to enter into new agreements with customers or to extend the terms of our existing agreements with customers, and the terms of such agreements; ● | the success of our sales efforts; ● | our working capital requirements related to the costs of inventory and accounts receivable; ● | costs of recruiting and retaining qualified personnel; ● | expenditures and investments to implement our business strategy; and ● | the identification and successful completion of acquisitions. We
may seek additional funds through equity or debt offerings and/or borrowings under additional notes payable, lines of credit or
other sources. We do not know whether additional financing will be available on commercially acceptable terms or at all, when
needed. If adequate funds are not available or are not available on commercially acceptable terms, our ability to fund our operations,
support the growth of our business or otherwise respond to competitive pressures could be significantly delayed or limited, which
could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations. Our
revenue is not predictable and recognition of a significant portion of it will be deferred into future periods. Once
a customer decides to move forward with a large-scale deployment of our products and services, the timing of and our ability to
recognize related revenue will depend on several factors, some of which may not be under our control. These factors include shipment
schedules that may be delayed or subject to modification, the rate at which our utility customers choose to deploy our products
in their network, customer acceptance of all or any part of our products and services, our contractual commitments to provide
new or enhanced functionality at some point in the future, other contractual provisions such as liquidated damages, our suppliers’
ability to provide an adequate supply of components, the requirement to obtain regulatory approval, and our ability to deliver
quality products according to expected schedules. In light of these factors, the application of complex revenue recognition rules
to our products and services has required us to defer, and in the future will likely continue to require us to defer, a significant
amount of revenue until undetermined future periods. It may be difficult to predict the amount of revenue that we will recognize
in any given period and amounts recognized may fluctuate significantly from one period to the next. Risks
Related to our Common Stock Our
ability to continue our operations requires that we raise additional capital and our operations could be curtailed if we are unable
to obtain the additional funding as or when needed on terms acceptable to us or at all. As a result, our registered public accounting
firm has included an explanatory paragraph relating to our ability to continue as a going concern in its report on our audited
financial statements included in this Form 10-K. Our
ability to generate revenue and achieve profitability requires us to successfully market and secure purchase orders for our
products from customers currently identified in our sales pipeline and to new customers as well. We also will be required to
efficiently manufacturer and deliver equipment on those purchase orders. These activities, including our planned research and
development efforts, will require significant uses of working capital through the end of 2020 and beyond. Based on our
current operating plans, we believe that our existing cash at the time of this filing will only be sufficient to meet our
anticipated operating needs through March 2020 (see NOTE 1 in the accompanying consolidated financial statements for
further detail). We currently do not have sufficient funds to repay our debt to Steward Capital due at maturity on September
19, 2020 and must secure additional equity or debt capital in order to repay this obligation. At the present time we have no
commitments for any such funding and no assurance can be provided that we will be able to raise the needed funds on
commercially acceptable terms or at all. These factors raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going
concern through March 13, 2021. The financial information contained in these financial statements have been prepared on a
basis that assumes that we will continue as a going concern, which contemplates the realization of assets and the
satisfaction of liabilities and commitments in the normal course of business. This financial information and these financial
statements do not include any adjustments that may result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 26 We
will need to raise additional financing to continue operations beyond March 2020. We will require additional funding to continue
operations and realize our business objectives in the future. If we are unable to continue as a going concern in the future, we
may be unable to meet our obligations under the Steward Capital secured loans, which could result in an acceleration of our obligations
to repay all amounts owed thereunder, and we may be forced to liquidate our assets. In such a scenario, the values we receive
for our assets in liquidation or dissolution could be significantly lower than the values reflected in our financial statements. We identified
a material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting. If we are not able to remediate the material weakness and
otherwise maintain an effective system of internal control over financial reporting, the reliability of our financial reporting,
investor confidence in us and the value of our Common Stock could be adversely affected. As a public company,
we are required to maintain internal control over financial reporting and to report any material weaknesses in such internal controls.
A material weakness is defined as a deficiency, or combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting such
that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented
or detected and corrected on a timely basis. In connection with
this annual report for the year ended December 31, 2019, we identified a material weakness in our internal control over financial
reporting related to lack of segregation of duties and accounting resources. Accordingly, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief
Financial Officer have certified that, based on their knowledge, the consolidated financial statements, and other financial information
included in this Form 10-K, fairly present in all material respects our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows
as of, and for, the periods presented in this Form 10-K. If our steps are insufficient
to successfully remediate the material weakness and otherwise establish and maintain an effective system of internal control over
financial reporting, the reliability of our financial reporting, investor confidence in us and the value of our Common Stock could
be materially and adversely affected. Effective internal control over financial reporting is necessary for us to provide reliable
and timely financial reports and, together with adequate disclosure controls and procedures, are designed to reasonably detect
and prevent fraud. Any failure to implement required new or improved controls, or difficulties encountered in their implementation
could cause us to fail to meet our reporting obligations. 27 We
have limited trading activity and a result, the price of our common stock might fluctuate significantly and you could lose all
or part of your investment. The
limited trading activity and resulting volatility in the market price of our common stock may prevent you from being able to sell
your shares of our common stock at or above the price you paid for your shares. The trading price of our common stock may be volatile
and subject to wide price fluctuations in response to various factors, including, but not limited to: ● | actual or anticipated fluctuations in our financial and operating results; ● | adverse results from delays in our product development; ● | legal, political, governmental or other regulatory developments, decisions or interpretations; ● | publication of research reports or coverage about us or our industry or positive or negative recommendations; ● | perceptions about the market acceptance of our products and services, and the recognition of our brand; ● | adverse publicity about our products and services, operating or financial results or industry in general; ● | overall performance of the equity markets; ● | introduction or discontinuation of products or services, or announcements of significant contracts, licenses or acquisitions, by us or our competitors; ● | additions or departures of key personnel; ● | threatened or actual litigation and government or regulatory investigations; ● | sale of shares of our common stock by us or members of our management or our stockholders; and ● | general economic conditions, both global and regional. These
and other factors might cause the market price of our common stock to fluctuate unpredictably and substantially, which may negatively
affect the liquidity of our common stock. In addition, in recent years, the stock market has experienced significant price and
volume fluctuations. This volatility has had a significant impact on the market price of securities issued by many companies across
many industries, including our industry. The changes frequently appear to occur without regard to the operating performance of
the affected companies. Accordingly, the price of our common stock could fluctuate based upon factors that have little or nothing
to do with our company, and these fluctuations could materially reduce our stock price. Securities
class action litigation has often been instituted against companies following periods of volatility in the overall market and
in the market price of a company’s securities. This litigation, if instituted against us, could result in substantial costs,
divert our management’s attention and resources, and harm our business, operating results and financial condition. 28 We
are an “emerging growth company” and, as a result of the reduced disclosure and governance requirements applicable to
emerging growth companies, our common stock may be less attractive to investors. We
are an “emerging growth company” as defined in the JOBS Act and we intend to take advantage of some of the exemptions
from reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not emerging growth companies, including: ● | reduced obligations with respect to financial data, including presenting only two years of audited financial statements and only two years of selected consolidated financial data in this Report; ● | not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act; ● | not being required to comply with any requirement that may be adopted by the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board, or PCAOB, regarding mandatory audit firm rotation or a supplement to the auditor’s report providing additional information about the audit and the financial statements; ● | reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports, proxy statements and registration statements; and ● | exemptions from the requirements of holding nonbinding advisory votes on executive compensation and stockholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved. We
cannot predict if investors will find our common stock less attractive because we will rely on these exemptions. If some investors
find our common stock less attractive as a result, there may be a less active trading market for our common stock and our stock
price may be more volatile. We may take advantage of these reporting exemptions until we are no longer an emerging growth company.
We will remain an emerging growth company until the earlier of (1) December 31, 2021, (2) the last day of the fiscal year in which
we have total annual gross revenue of at least $1.07 billion, (3) the last day of the fiscal year in which we are deemed to be
a “large accelerated filer” as defined in Rule 12b-2 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or the Exchange
Act, which would occur if the market value of our common stock held by non-affiliates exceeded $700.0 million as of the last business
day of the second fiscal quarter of such fiscal year or (4) the date on which we have issued more than $1.0 billion in non-convertible
debt during the prior three-year period. Under
Section 107(b) of the JOBS Act, emerging growth companies can delay adopting new or revised accounting standards until such time
as those standards apply to private companies. We have irrevocably elected not to avail ourselves of this exemption from new or
revised accounting standards and, therefore, we will be subject to the same new or revised accounting standards as other public
companies that are not emerging growth companies. Concentration
of ownership of our common stock among our existing executive officers, directors and principal stockholders may prevent new investors
from influencing significant corporate decisions. Our
executive officers, directors and current beneficial owners of 5% or more of our common stock and their respective affiliates,
in the aggregate, beneficially own approximately 42.8% of our outstanding common stock as of December 31, 2019, and as of the date
of this filing. As a result, these persons, acting together, would be able to significantly influence all matters requiring stockholder
approval, including the election and removal of directors, any merger, consolidation, sale of all or substantially all of our
assets, or other significant corporate transactions. Some
of these persons or entities may have interests different than yours. For example, they may be more interested in selling our
company to an acquirer than other investors, or they may want us to pursue strategies that deviate from the interests of other
stockholders. We
may issue more shares to raise additional capital, which may result in substantial dilution. Our
Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation authorize the issuance of a maximum of 350,000,000 shares of common stock. Any
additional financings effected by us may result in the issuance of additional securities without stockholder approval and the
substantial dilution in the percentage of common stock held by our then existing stockholders. Moreover, the common stock issued
in any such transaction may be valued on an arbitrary or non-arm’s-length basis by our management, resulting in an additional
reduction in the percentage of common stock held by our current stockholders. Our Board has the power to issue any or all of such
authorized but unissued shares without stockholder approval. To the extent that additional shares of common stock are issued in
connection with a financing, dilution to the interests of our stockholders will occur and the rights of the holder of common stock
might be materially and adversely affected. 29 Our
Board may issue and fix the terms of shares of our preferred stock without stockholder approval, which could adversely affect
the voting power of holders of our common stock or any change in control of our Company. Our
Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation authorize the issuance of up to 10,000,000 shares of “blank check” preferred
stock, $0.0001 par value per share, with such designation rights and preferences as may be determined from time to time by our
Board. Our Board is empowered, without the need to obtain stockholder approval, to issue shares of preferred stock with dividend,
liquidation, conversion, voting or other rights which could adversely affect the voting power or other rights of the holders of
our common stock. In the event of such issuances, the preferred stock could be used, under certain circumstances, as a method
of discouraging, delaying or preventing a change in control of our company. If
securities or industry analysts do not publish research or publish inaccurate or unfavorable research about our business, our
stock price and trading volume could decline. The
trading market for our common stock will depend in part on the research and reports that securities or industry analysts publish
about us or our business , which research and reports are not and would not be subject to
our control . We currently do not have and may never obtain research coverage by securities analysts, and industry analysts
that currently cover us may cease to do so. If no securities analysts commence coverage of our company, or if industry analysts
cease coverage of our company, the trading price for our stock could be materially
and adversely impacted. In the event we obtain securities analyst coverage, if one or more of the analysts who cover
us downgrade our stock or publish inaccurate or unfavorable research about our business, our stock price may
be materially and adversely impacted . If one or more of these analysts cease coverage of our company or fail to publish
reports on us regularly, demand for our stock could decrease, which might cause our stock price and trading volume to decline. We
do not intend to pay dividends for the foreseeable future. We
have never declared or paid cash dividends on our capital stock nor are we under any
obligation to declare or pay such cash dividends. We currently intend to retain any future earnings to fund our operations
and the development and growth of our business, and we do not expect to declare or pay any dividends in the foreseeable future. Our
future ability to pay cash dividends on our capital stock may be limited by any future debt instruments or preferred securities. As
a result, you may only receive a return on your investment in our common stock if the market price of our common stock increases to
a price above the price you paid for them and you sell such shares . We
expect to incur increased costs and demands upon management as a result of being a public company. As
a public company, we expect to incur significant legal, accounting, and other costs, which we anticipate could be up to $1
million annually, and such costs may increase over time. These additional costs could negatively affect our
financial results. In addition, changing laws, regulations and standards relating to corporate governance and public
disclosure, including regulations implemented by the SEC and the stock exchange on which we may list our common stock, may
increase legal and financial compliance costs and make some activities more time-consuming. These laws, regulations and
standards are subject to varying and sometimes unclear interpretations
and, as a result, their application in practice may evolve over time as new guidance is provided by regulatory and governing
bodies. We intend to invest resources to comply with evolving laws, regulations and standards, and this investment may result
in increased general and administrative expenses and a diversion of management’s time and attention from
revenue-generating activities to compliance activities , which may harm our business,
financial condition or results of operations. If, notwithstanding our efforts to comply with new laws,
regulations and standards, we fail to comply, regulatory authorities may initiate legal proceedings against us and our
business , financial condition and results of operation may be
harmed. Failure
to comply with these rules might also make it more difficult for us to obtain some types of insurance, including, without limitation,
director and officer liability insurance, and we might be forced to accept reduced policy limits and coverage or incur substantially
higher costs to obtain or maintain the same or similar coverage. The impact of these events could also make it more difficult
for us to attract and retain qualified persons to serve on our Board, on committees of our Board or as members of senior or executive
management. 30 A
significant portion of our total outstanding shares are restricted from immediate resale but may be sold into the market in the
future. This could cause the market price of our common stock to drop significantly, even if our business is doing well. Sales
of a substantial number of shares of our common stock in the public market could occur at any time. If our stockholders sell,
or the market perceives that our stockholders intend to sell, substantial amounts of our common stock in the public market, the
market price of our common stock could decline significantly. Of
the 50,463,732 shares of our common stock issued and outstanding after the closing of the Acquisition, 8,948,500 shares are freely
tradable without restriction by stockholders who are not our affiliates and 41,515,232 shares are “restricted securities”
as defined in Rule 144. The 25,463,732 restricted shares issued to the former Ondas Networks stockholders are also subject
to the terms of a lock up agreement entered into in connection with the Acquisition by each of the former Ondas stockholders,
which lock up agreement was subsequently amended, under which these restricted shares cannot be sold until September 28, 2020. In
addition, we filed a registration statement on Form S-3, which was declared effective by the SEC on December 12, 2019, covering
the resale of 8,684,353 shares of common stock and 4,630,739 shares of common stock underlying warrants held by selling stockholders
(“Investor Warrants”) who participated in a private equity offering during the third and fourth quarter 2019. Pursuant
to the registration statement on Form S-3, these selling stockholders may resell all or a portion of the 8,684,353 shares of common
stock, and all or a portion of the 4,630,739 shares of common stock underlying the Investor Warrants after the Investor Warrants
are exercised by the holders. In
addition, in the future, we intend to file one or more registration statements on Form S-8 registering the issuance of approximately
10,000,000 shares of common stock reserved for issuance under our 2018 Equity Incentive Plan. Shares registered under these
registration statements on Form S-8 will be available for sale in the public market subject to vesting arrangements and exercise
of options and the restrictions of Rule 144 in the case of our affiliates. You
may experience future dilution as a result of future equity offerings. In
order to raise additional capital, we may in the future offer additional shares of our common stock or other securities convertible
into or exchangeable for our common stock at prices that may not be the same as the price in this offering. We may sell shares
or other securities in any other offering at a price that is less than the price paid by investors in this offering, and investors
purchasing shares or other securities in the future could have rights superior to existing stockholders. The price at which we
sell additional shares of our common stock, or securities convertible or exchangeable into common stock, in future transactions
may be higher or lower than the price paid by investors in this offering. Also, we have reserved 10,000,000 shares of common stock
for issuance pursuant to future awards under the 2018 Equity Incentive Plan. The issuance
of such additional shares of common stock, or securities convertible or exchangeable into common stock, may cause the price of
our common stock to decline. Additionally, if all or a substantial portion of these shares are resold into the public markets
then the trading price of our common stock may decline. Our
shares of common stock are subject to the penny stock rules. The
SEC has adopted rules that regulate broker-dealer practices in connection with transactions in penny stocks. Penny stocks are
generally equity securities with a price of less than $5.00, other than securities registered on certain national securities exchanges
or authorized for quotation on certain automated quotation systems, provided that current price and volume information with respect
to transactions in such securities is provided by the exchange or system. If the price per share of our common stock continues
to be is less than $5.00, our common stock will continue to be deemed a penny stock. The penny stock rules require a broker-dealer,
before a transaction in a penny stock not otherwise exempt from those rules, to deliver a standardized risk disclosure document
containing specified information. In addition, the penny stock rules require that before effecting any transaction in a penny
stock not otherwise exempt from those rules, a broker-dealer must make a special written determination that the penny stock is
a suitable investment for the purchaser and receive (i) the purchaser’s written acknowledgment of the receipt of a risk
disclosure statement; (ii) a written agreement to transactions involving penny stocks; and (iii) a signed and dated copy of a
written suitability statement. These disclosure requirements may have the effect of reducing the trading activity in the secondary
market for our common stock, and therefore stockholders may have difficulty selling their shares. 31 Certain
provisions of our Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation and Bylaws and Nevada law make it more difficult for a third-party
to acquire us and make a takeover more difficult to complete, even if such a transaction were in the stockholders’ best
interest. Certain
provisions of our Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation and Bylaws and Nevada law make it more difficult for a third-party
to acquire us and make a takeover more difficult to complete, even if such a transaction were in the stockholders’ interest.
For example, Nevada law provides that approval of two-thirds of the stockholders is required to remove a director, which may make
it more difficult for a third-party to gain control of the Company. This concentration of ownership limits the power to exercise
control by our minority stockholders. Our
bylaws designate the Eighth Judicial District Court of Clark County of the State of Nevada as the sole and exclusive forum for
certain actions, which could limit a stockholder’s ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum that it finds favorable
for disputes with the Company and its directors, officers, or other employees and may discourage lawsuits with respect to such
claims. Unless
we consent in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the Eighth Judicial District Court of Clark County of the State
of Nevada (the “Court”) shall be the sole and exclusive forum for any stockholder (including a beneficial owner) to
bring (i) any derivative action or proceeding brought on behalf of the Company, (ii) any action asserting a claim of breach of
a fiduciary duty owed by any Director, officer or other employee of the Company to the Company or the Company’s stockholders,
(iii) any action asserting a claim against the Company, any director or the Company’s officers or employees arising pursuant
to any provision of the NRS, Chapters 78 or 92A of the NRS or our Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation or our Bylaws,
or (iv) any action asserting a claim against the Company, any director or the Company’s officers or employees governed by
the internal affairs doctrine. However, each of these clauses (i) through (iv) will not apply to any claim (x) as to which the
Court determines that there is an indispensable party not subject to the jurisdiction of the Court (and the indispensable party
does not consent to the personal jurisdiction of the Court within ten (10) days following such determination), (y) for which
the Court does not have subject matter jurisdiction, or (z) which is vested in the exclusive jurisdiction of a court or forum
other than the Court, including pursuant to Section 27 of the Exchange Act, which provides for exclusive federal jurisdiction
over suits brought to enforce any duty or liability created by the Exchange Act or the rules and regulations thereunder. Furthermore,
Section 22 of the Securities Act provides for concurrent jurisdiction for federal and state courts over all suits brought to enforce
any duty or liability created by the Securities Act or the rules and regulations thereunder, and as such the exclusive jurisdiction
clauses set forth above would not apply to such suits. Risks
Related to our Acquisition by Zev Ventures Incorporated We
may be subject to unknown risks as a result of our completed acquisition by Zev Ventures Incorporated. Before
the Acquisition, Zev Ventures conducted a business related to the resale to the public of sporting event and concert tickets purchased
in bulk in advance from leading ticket vendors and reselling them at the price actually commanded by the market. In connection
with the Acquisition, we discontinued this business. Even though we and our advisers conducted a due diligence investigation of
Zev Ventures prior to committing to the Acquisition, there may be unknown liabilities, or liabilities that were known but believed
to be immaterial, related to the business of Zev Ventures that may become material liabilities we are subject to in the future.
If we are subject to material liability as a result of the conduct of Zev Ventures we may have limited recourse for such liabilities,
which could have a material impact on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and stock price. 32 Item 1B. | Unresolved Staff Comments. None. Item 2. | Properties. Our
corporate headquarters for Ondas Holdings and operational headquarters for Ondas Networks is located at 165 Gibraltar Court in
Sunnyvale, CA. On October 30, 2018, Ondas Networks entered into a sublease with Texas Instruments Sunnyvale Incorporated for the
sublet of these corporate and operational headquarters, representing approximately 21,982 square feet. The sublease expires on
February 28, 2021 and we have no option to renew or extend the sublease under its terms. We pay base rent of approximately $28,577
per month plus additional monthly fees to cover operating expenses, certain legal fees, and personal property taxes associated
with the premises. Upon execution of the sublease, we delivered a security deposit to be held in trust equal to one month’s base
rent. Our
headquarters were previously located at 687 N. Pastoria Avenue in Sunnyvale, California. On November 11, 2013, we entered into
a three-year lease agreement for approximately 6,000 square feet of office space which expired on December 31, 2017. On October
16, 2017, we extended the lease agreement for an additional three years expiring December 31, 2020 (“2018 Extension”)
for an aggregate monthly lease payment of approximately $12,600. On January 24, 2020, we entered into a Sublease agreement with a third party (the “Sublessee”) wherein the Sublessee will occupy the premises for the
remainder of the term of the 2018 Extension and will make payments totaling $106,323 ($9,666 per month) for the remaining 11 months. We
had a combined office and laboratory facility for approximately 15,200 square feet in China, located in the capital city of Sichuan
province. On June 15, 2018, effective June 1, 2018, Ondas Networks entered into a five-year lease agreement expiring May 31, 2023,
with a base monthly lease payment ranging from approximately $9,200 to $9,700 US. Upon execution of the lease, the first three
months were free and we paid $28,000 US in advance for the second three months. The base monthly lease payment for the period
from June 1, 2018 through April 30, 2020 was approximately $9,200 US. The base monthly lease payment for the period from May 1,
2020 through May 31, 2023 was approximately $9,700 US. We also paid a monthly management fee of approximately $1,800 US. In connection
with our process of dissolving our China-affiliated subsidiaries, on December 20, 2019, we entered into a lease termination agreement
(“Termination Agreement”) wherein the five-year lease agreement was terminated, we agreed to vacate no later than December
31, 2019, and we agreed to transfer leasehold improvements to the landlord, pay the current quarterly rent of approximately $13,675
US, forfeit 1.5 months of our prepaid deposit, and pay other miscellaneous fees of approximately $4,000 US. As outlined in the
Termination Agreement, we vacated the premises by December 31, 2019, transferred leasehold improvements to the landlord, and paid
all rental and other fees due. We
believe that our offices and facilities are sufficient for our current needs. Item 3. | Legal Proceedings. From
time to time, we may become involved in various lawsuits and legal proceedings that arise in the ordinary course of business.
Litigation is subject to inherent uncertainties and an adverse result in these or other matters may arise from time to time that
may harm our business. We are not currently involved in any legal proceeding or investigation by a governmental agency that we
believe will have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or operating results. Item 4. | Mine Safety Disclosures. Not
applicable. 33 PART
II Item 5. | Market for Registrant’s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities Market
Information Our
common stock originally traded on OTC Markets, the OTC Pink (Current Information) tier of OTC Markets Group, Inc. under the trading
symbol “ZVVT” on a very limited basis. On October 5, 2018, the trading symbol changed to “ONDS.” On December
19, 2018, our common stock was uplisted to the OTCQB under the symbol “ONDS” where it continues to trade on a very
limited basis. Stockholders As
of March 10, 2020, there were 272 stockholders of record. Dividends We
have never declared nor paid any cash dividends to stockholders. We do not intend to pay cash dividends on our common stock for
the foreseeable future, and currently intend to retain any future earnings to fund our operations and the development and growth
of our business. The declaration of any future cash dividend, if any, would be at the discretion of our Board (subject to limitations
imposed under applicable Nevada law) and would depend upon our earnings, if any, our capital requirements and financial position,
our general economic conditions, and other pertinent conditions. Unregistered
Sales of Securities None,
other than those previously disclosed in a Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q or in a Current Report on Form 8-K. Purchases
of Equity Securities by the Issuer and Affiliated Purchasers None
during the quarter ended December 31, 2019. Item 6. | Selected Financial Data . We
are a smaller reporting company as defined by Rule 229.10(f)(1) and are not required to provide information under Item 301(c). 34 Item 7. | Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations You
should read the following discussion and analysis in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements and the notes to those
financial statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report. This discussion contains forward-looking statements based upon
current expectations that involve risks and uncertainties. See “Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Information.”
Our actual results may differ materially from those contained in or implied by any forward-looking statements. Overview On
September 28, 2018, we consummated a reverse acquisition transaction to acquire a privately-held company, Ondas Networks Inc.,
and changed our name from “Zev Ventures Incorporated” to “Ondas Holdings Inc.” As a result, Ondas Networks
Inc. (“Ondas Networks”) became our wholly owned subsidiary. We refer to this transaction as the “Acquisition.”
In connection with the closing of the Acquisition, we discontinued the prior business of Zev Ventures as a reseller of sporting
and concert tickets and our sole business became that of Ondas Networks. We
design, manufacture, sell and support FullMAX, our multi-patented wireless radio systems for secure, wide area mission-critical
field area networks. This radio network provides point-to-multipoint, non-line of sight connectivity for industrial wireless networks.
Since its inception on February 26, 2006, Ondas Networks has devoted its efforts principally to research and development and the
commercialization of our FullMAX wireless technology platform. We helped create the IEEE 802.16s wireless broadband standard,
which was published in the fourth quarter of 2017. In 2018, we initiated a business expansion plan designed to invest in our sales
and marketing and customer support capabilities in order to build our customer base. We have incurred significant
net losses since inception. As of years ended December 31, 2019 and 2018, our accumulated deficit was approximately $52 and $33
million, respectively. We expect to continue incurring substantial losses for the next several years as we continue to develop,
manufacture and market our technologies. Our operating expenses are comprised of research and development expenses, general and
administrative expenses, and sales and marketing expenses. Our
future capital requirements will depend upon many factors, including progress with developing, manufacturing and marketing our
technologies, the time and costs involved in preparing, filing, prosecuting, maintaining and enforcing patent claims and other
proprietary rights, our ability to establish collaborative arrangements, marketing activities and competing technological and
market developments, including regulatory changes and overall economic conditions in our target markets. Our
business consists of a single segment of products and services, all of which are sold and provided in the United States and certain
international markets. The
Acquisition On
September 28, 2018, we entered into the Agreement and Plan of Merger and Reorganization (the “Merger Agreement”) with
Zev Merger Sub, Inc. and Ondas Networks to acquire Ondas Networks. The transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement were
consummated on September 28, 2018 (the “Closing”), and pursuant to the terms of the Merger Agreement, all outstanding
shares of common stock of Ondas Networks, $0.00001 par value per share, (the “Ondas Networks Shares”), were exchanged
for shares of our common stock, $0.0001 par value per share (the “Company Shares”). Accordingly, Ondas Networks became
our wholly-owned subsidiary and its business became the business of the Company. At
the Closing, each Ondas Networks Share outstanding immediately prior to the Closing was exchanged for 3.823 Company Shares (the
“Exchange Ratio”), with all fractional shares rounded down to the nearest whole share. Accordingly, we issued an aggregate
of 25,463,732 Company Shares for all of the then-outstanding Ondas Networks Shares. 35 In
connection with the Closing, we amended and restated our articles of incorporation, effective September 28, 2018 to (i) change
our name to Ondas Holdings Inc., and (ii) increase our authorized capital to 360,000,000 shares, consisting of 350,000,000 shares
of common stock, par value $0.0001 per share, and 10,000,000 shares of “blank check” preferred stock, par value $0.0001
per share. In connection with the Acquisition, our trading symbol changed to “ONDS” effective at the opening of business
on October 5, 2018. Also
in connection with the Closing, (i) our sole director appointed additional individuals, who previously sat on the board of Ondas
Networks and its chief executive officer, to serve on our Board, and our Board subsequently appointed our executive officers;
(ii) the former holders of the Ondas Networks Shares executed lock-up agreements (the “Lock-Up Agreements”), which
provided for an initial twelve-month lock-up period followed by a subsequent 12-month limited sale period, commencing with the
date of Closing; (iii) we entered into a Common Stock Repurchase Agreement with an entity pursuant to which the entity sold an
aggregate of 32,600,000 Company Shares (the “Repurchase Shares”) to us at $0.0001 per share, for an aggregate consideration
of $3,260 (the Repurchase Shares were canceled and returned to our authorized but unissued shares); (iv) our Board approved, and
our stockholders adopted, the 2018 Equity Incentive Plan (the “2018 Plan”) pursuant to which 10 million Company Shares
have been reserved for issuance to employees, including officers, directors and consultants; and (v) we entered into a Loan and
Security Agreement with Energy Capital, a stockholder of the Company, pursuant to which Energy Capital agreed to lend the Company
an aggregate principal amount of up to $10 million, subject to specified conditions. Subsequent to the
Closing, (i) the Lock-Up Agreements were amended on August 30, 2019 to delete the 12-month limited sale period making all shares
locked up until September 28, 2020, and (ii) Energy Capital loaned the Company the full $10 million available under the Loan and
Security Agreement. On September 27, 2019, Energy Capital, LLC entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement with other subscribers
in which it converted an aggregate of approximately $10,563,000 principal and interest outstanding under the Loan and Security
Agreement into an aggregate of 4,225,242 Units (wherein a unit consisted of one share of common stock and one-half of one warrant
to purchase one share of Company common stock (the “Investor Warrant”)) of the Company. At the closing of the transaction,
the debt owed Energy Capital under the Loan and Security Agreement was extinguished and the Loan terminated pursuant to its terms.
 See NOTE 8 in the
accompanying consolidated financial statements for additional details. Key
Components of Our Results of Operations and Financial Condition Revenues Our
revenues are derived principally from the sale of our multi-patented FullMAX wireless radio system. We also provide a warranty/maintenance
program through an annual contract. The warranty/maintenance contract requires payment in full at the time of execution of the
contract. Revenue from the warranty/maintenance contract is initially recorded as deferred revenue and is subsequently recorded
as income spread equitably over the term of the contract. Due to the ongoing development and commercialization process of our
FullMAX solutions, our revenues have historically been generated by equipment trial and pilot programs and related services, in
addition to a modest number of full network deployments. We have historically had limited sales and customer service resources
to support higher sales volumes. In 2018 and 2019, we expanded our sales and marketing effort across multiple industries which
dramatically increased our sales pipeline and the number of customers and projects we are targeting. We expect this increased
customer engagement to lead to a larger number of sales opportunities and revenue in 2020. 36 Cost
of Sales Our
cost of sales is comprised primarily of the cost of components included in our FullMAX system and other costs associated with
the assembly and delivery thereto. We expect our investment in expanding our customer sales and service efforts to lead to increased
volume of FullMAX equipment sales in future periods, which will lead to higher costs of sales. Cost of sales as a percentage of
revenue has historically been volatile due to low levels of revenue and can be skewed higher or lower due to the mix of high margin
base station units relative to remote units sold. Higher unit sales volume will provide scale manufacturing opportunities which
could lead to a decline in the cost of sales as a percentage of revenue in future periods. General
and Administration General
and administration expenses primarily include salary and benefit expense, legal and accounting services, professional services,
rent and facilities costs, general liability insurances, and travel expenses. We expect these expenses to increase as a result
of continued growth in headcount and support of our business and operations. Sales
and Marketing Sales
and marketing expenses primarily include salary and benefit expense, trade shows, marketing programs and promotional material,
travel expenses, and the allocation of certain facility costs. We expect these expenses to increase as a result of continued growth
in headcount and support of our business and operations. Research
and Development Research
and development expenses primarily include salary and benefit expense and costs for contractors engaged in research, design and
development activities including intellectual property, travel expenses, and the allocation of certain facility costs. We expect
our research and development costs to increase as we continue making investments in developing new products in addition to new
versions of FullMAX. Other
Income (Expense) Other income (expense)
primarily includes interest expense and impairment of deferred offering and financing costs. Results
of Operations Year
ended December 31, 2019 compared to year ended December 31, 2018 Year ended December 31,
2019 | 2018 | Change
(000s)
Revenue | $ | 320 | $ | 190 | $ | 130
Cost of sales | 79 | 39 | 40
Gross profit | 241 | 151 | 90
Operating expenses:
General and administrative | 4,793 | 2,612 | 2,181
Sales and marketing | 5,404 | 2,898 | 2,506
Research and development | 5,416 | 3,077 | 2,339
Total operating expense | 15,613 | 8,587 | 7,026
Operating loss | (15,372 | ) | (8,436 | ) | 6,936
Other income (expense) | (4,018 | ) | (3,661 | ) | 357
Net loss | $ | (19,390 | ) | $ | (12,097 | ) | $ | 7,293 37 Revenue Revenue
increased to approximately $320,000 for the year ended December 31, 2019 from approximately $190,000 for the year ended December
31, 2018. Revenues in both years were primarily generated via pilot programs and small customer deployments which increased year
over year in 2019. Cost
of sales Cost of sales increased
to approximately $79,000 for the year ended December 31, 2019 from approximately $39,000 for the year ended December 31, 2018.
This increase in cost of sales is a direct result of the increase in revenue during 2019. Gross
profit Our gross profit increased
to approximately $241,000 for the year ended December 31, 2019 from approximately $151,000 for the year ended December 31, 2018
based on the changes in revenue and cost of sales as discussed above. Gross margins for the years ended December 31, 2019 and
2018 were 75% and 79%, respectively. Operating
Expenses Our
principal operating costs include the following items as a percentage of total expense. Year Ended December 31,
2019 | 2018
Human resource costs, including benefits | 45 | % | 43 | %
Travel and entertainment | 4 | % | 5 | %
Other general and administration costs:
Professional fees and consulting expenses | 28 | % | 33 | %
Other expense | 11 | % | 9 | %
Depreciation and amortization | 1 | % | 1 | %
Other research and deployment costs, excluding human resources and travel and entertainment | 6 | % | 5 | %
Other sales and marketing costs, excluding human resources and travel and entertainment | 5 | % | 4 | % As
a direct result of (i) the aforementioned Acquisition and (ii) the two $10 million dollars loan and security agreements discussed
herein and in NOTE 8 in the accompanying consolidated financial statements, the Company was able to launch its business
expansion effort to open new markets for FullMAX and invest in product development programs, through significant increases in human
resources costs and professional and consulting costs. Operating
expenses changed by approximately $7,026,000 (82%) as a result of the following items: (000s)
Human resource costs, including benefits | $ | 3,238
Travel and entertainment | 262
Other general and administration costs:
Professional fees and consulting costs | 1,612
Other expense | 931
Depreciation and amortization | 89
Other research and deployment costs, excluding human resources and travel and entertainment | 479
Other sales and marketing costs, excluding human resources and travel and entertainment | 415
$ | 7,026 Operating
Loss As
a result of the foregoing, our operating loss increased approximately $6,936,000, or 82%, to approximately $15,372,000 for the
year ended December 31, 2019, compared with approximately $8,436,000 for the year ended December 31, 2018, primarily as a result
of increases associated with administrative support and increased spending as we ramp up our sales and marketing and research
and development efforts. 38 Other
Income (Expense) Other
expense increased by approximately $357,000, or 10%, to approximately $4,018,000 for the year ended December 31,
2019 compared with approximately $3,661,000 for the comparable period in 2018. Year ended December 31,
2019 | 2018 | Change
(000s)
Interest expense | $ | 2,929 | $ | 2,664 | $ | 265
Impairment of deferred offering and financing costs associated with canceled financing efforts | 920 | - | 920
Loss on disposal of fixed assets | 183 | - | 183
Interest and other income | (14 | ) | (23 | ) | 9
Change in fair value of derivative liability | - | 976 | (976 | )
Loss on extinguishment of debt | - | 44 | (44 | )
$ | 4,018 | $ | 3,661 | $ | 357 Net
Loss Because
of the net effects of the foregoing, net loss increased approximately $7,293,000, or 60%, to approximately $19,390,000 for the
year ended December 31, 2019, compared with approximately $12,097,000 for the year ended December 31, 2018. Net loss per share
of common stock, basic and diluted, was ($0.37) for the year ended December 31, 2019, compared with ($0.42) per share of common
stock for the year ended December 31, 2018. Summary
of Sources and (Uses) of Cash Year ended December 31,
2019 | 2018
(000s)
Net cash used in operating activities | $ | (14,665 | ) | $ | (8,517 | )
Net cash used in investing activities | (355 | ) | (630 | )
Net cash provided by financing activities | 16,042 | 9,821
Increase in cash | 1,023 | 674
Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of year | 1,130 | 456
Cash and cash equivalents, end of year | $ | 2,153 | $ | 1,130 39 The
principal use of cash in operating activities for the year ended December 31, 2019 was to fund the Company’s current expenses
primarily related to sales and marketing and research and development activities necessary to allow us to service and support
a higher level of business activity as we expanded into new industry and geographic markets. The increase in cash flows used in
operating activities of approximately $6,148,000 is primarily a result of the addition of personnel, both employees and third-party
consulting services. The decrease in cash flows used in investing activities of approximately $275,000 is primarily a result of
a decrease in the purchase of equipment partially offset by the purchase of wireless spectrum licenses. The increase in cash provided
by financing activities is primarily a result of the Company’s private placement of its common stock totaling $6,110,000, net
of closing fees (see NOTE 9 in the accompanying consolidated financial statements for further details). For
a summary of our outstanding Notes Payable and Other Financing Agreements and Secured Promissory Note, see NOTES 7 and 8 in the accompanying consolidated financial statements. Liquidity
and Capital Resources We have incurred losses
since inception and have funded our operations primarily through debt and the sale of capital stock. As of December 31, 2019,
we had a stockholders’ deficit of approximately $12.4 million. At December 31, 2019, we had short-term and long-term borrowings
outstanding of approximately $10.1 million and $0.5 million, respectively. As of December 31, 2019, we had cash of approximately
$2.2 million and a working capital deficit of approximately $12.5 million. Our
future capital requirements will depend upon many factors, including progress with developing, manufacturing and marketing our
technologies, the time and costs involved in preparing, filing, prosecuting, maintaining and enforcing patent claims and other
proprietary rights, our ability to establish collaborative arrangements, marketing activities and competing technological and
market developments, including regulatory changes and overall economic conditions in our target markets. Our ability to generate
revenue and achieve profitability requires us to successfully market and secure purchase orders for our products from customers
currently identified in our sales pipeline and to new customers as well. We also will be required to efficiently manufacturer
and deliver equipment on those purchase orders. These activities, including our planned research and development efforts, will
require significant uses of working capital through the end of 2020 and beyond. Based on our current operating plans, we believe
that our existing cash at the time of this filing will only be sufficient to meet our anticipated operating needs through March
2020. Accounting standards
require management to evaluate our ability to continue as a going concern for a period of one year subsequent to the date of the
filing of this Form 10-K (“evaluation period”). As such, we have evaluated if cash on hand and cash generated through
operating activities would be sufficient to sustain projected operating activities through March 13, 2021. We anticipate that
our current resources will be insufficient to meet our cash requirements throughout the evaluation period, including funding anticipated
losses and scheduled debt maturities. We expect to seek additional funds from a combination of dilutive and/or non-dilutive financings
in the future. Because such transactions have not been finalized, receipt of additional funding is not considered probable under
current accounting standards. If we do not generate sufficient cash flows from operations and obtain sufficient funds when needed,
we expect that we would scale back our operating plan by deferring or limiting some, or all, of our capital spending, reducing
our spending on travel, and/or eliminating planned headcount additions, as well as other cost reductions to be determined. Because
such contingency plans have not been finalized (the specifics would depend on the situation at the time), such actions also are
not considered probable for purposes of current accounting standards. Because, under current accounting standards, neither future
cash generated from operating activities, nor management’s contingency plans to mitigate the risk and extend cash resources
through the evaluation period, are considered probable, substantial doubt is deemed to exist about the Company’s ability
to continue as a going concern. As we continue to incur losses, our transition to profitability is dependent upon achieving a
level of revenues adequate to support its cost structure. We may never achieve profitability, and unless and until doing so, we
intend to fund future operations through additional dilutive or non-dilutive financings. There can be no assurances, however,
that additional funding will be available on terms acceptable to us, if at all. The
financial information contained in these financial statements have been prepared on a basis that assumes that we will continue
as a going concern, which contemplates the realization of assets and the satisfaction of liabilities and commitments in the normal
course of business. This financial information and these financial statements do not include any adjustments that may result from
the outcome of this uncertainty. 40 Off-Balance
Sheet Arrangements As
of December 31, 2019, we had no off-balance sheet arrangements. Contractual
Obligations We
are a smaller reporting company as defined by Rule 229.10(f)(1) and are not required to provide information under this item. Critical
Accounting Estimates The
preparation of financial statements in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America
(“GAAP”) requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect reported amounts and related disclosures
in the financial statements. Management considers an accounting estimate to be critical if: ● | if requires assumptions to be made that were uncertain at the time the estimate was made, and ● | changes in the estimate or different estimates that could have been selected could have a material impact on our results of operations or financial condition. We base our estimates
and judgments on our experience, our current knowledge, our beliefs of what could occur in the future, our observation of trends
in the industry, information provided by our customers and information available from other sources. Actual results may differ
from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions. We have identified the following accounting policies and estimates
as those that we believe are most critical to our financial condition and results of operations and that require management’s
most subjective and complex judgments in estimating the effect of inherent uncertainties: share-based compensation expense, income
taxes, and impairment of long-lived assets. Share-Based
Compensation Expense . We calculate share-based compensation expense for option awards and certain warrant issuances (“Share-based
Awards”) based on the estimated grant/issue date fair value using the Black-Scholes-Merton option pricing model (“Black-Sholes
Model”) and recognize the expense on a straight-line basis over the vesting period, net of estimated forfeitures. We have
not included an estimate for forfeitures due to our limited history and we revise based on actual forfeitures each period. The
Black-Scholes Model requires the use of a number of assumptions including volatility of the stock price, the weighted average
risk-free interest rate, and the vesting period of the Share-based Award in determining the fair value of Share-based Awards.
Although we believe our assumptions used to calculate share-based compensation expense are reasonable, these assumptions can involve
complex judgments about future events, which are open to interpretation and inherent uncertainty. In addition, significant changes
to our assumptions could significantly impact the amount of expense recorded in a given period. Income
Taxes. As part of the process of preparing our consolidated financial statements, we are required to estimate income taxes
in each of the jurisdictions in which we operate. Our provision for income taxes is determined using the asset and liability approach
to account for income taxes. A current liability is recorded for the estimated taxes payable for the current year. Deferred tax
assets and liabilities are recorded for the estimated future tax consequences attributable to differences between the financial
statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases. Deferred tax assets and liabilities
are measured using the enacted tax rates in effect for the year in which the timing differences are expected to be recovered or
settled. The effect on deferred tax assets and liabilities of changes in tax rates or tax laws are recognized in the provision
for income taxes in the period that includes the enactment date. Valuation allowances are established, when necessary, to reduce
deferred tax assets to the amount more-likely-than-not to be realized. Changes in valuation allowances will flow through the statement
of operations unless related to deferred tax assets that expire unutilized or are modified through translation, in which case
both the deferred tax asset and related valuation allowance are similarly adjusted. 41 The
determination of our provision for income taxes requires significant judgment, the use of estimates, and the interpretation and
application of complex tax laws. In the ordinary course of our business, there are transactions and calculations for which the
ultimate tax determination is uncertain. In spite of our belief that we have appropriate support for all the positions taken on
our tax returns, we acknowledge that certain positions may be successfully challenged by the taxing authorities. We determine
the tax benefits more likely than not to be recognized with respect to uncertain tax positions. Although we believe our recorded
tax assets and liabilities are reasonable, tax laws and regulations are subject to interpretation and inherent uncertainty; therefore,
our assessments can involve both a series of complex judgments about future events and rely on estimates and assumptions. Although
we believe these estimates and assumptions are reasonable, the final determination could be materially different than that which
is reflected in our provision for income taxes and recorded tax assets and liabilities. Complex
Derivative Financial Instruments . From time to time we sell common stock and we issue convertible debt, both with
common stock purchase warrants, which may include terms requiring conversion price or exercise price adjustments based on subsequent
issuance of securities at prices lower than those in the agreements of such securities. Due to the complexity of the agreement, we use
an outside expert to assist in providing the mark to market fair valuation of the liabilities over the reporting periods in which
the original agreement was in effect. It was determined that a Binomial Lattice option pricing model using a Monte Carlo simulation
would provide the most accuracy given all the potential variables encompassing a future dilutive event. This model incorporated
transaction assumptions such as our stock price, contractual terms, maturity, risk free rates, as well as estimates about future
financings, volatility, and holder behavior. Although we believe our estimates and assumptions used to calculate the fair valuation
liabilities and related expense were reasonable, these assumptions involved complex judgments about future events, which are open
to interpretation and inherent uncertainty. In addition, significant changes to our assumptions could significantly impact the
amount of expense recorded in a given period. Impairment
of Long-Lived Assets. Carrying values of property and equipment and finite-lived intangible assets are reviewed for impairment
whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that their carrying values may not be recoverable. If impairment indicators
are present, we determine whether an impairment loss should be recognized by testing the applicable asset or asset group’s
carrying value for recoverability. This assessment requires the exercise of judgment in assessing the future use of and projected
value to be derived from the eventual disposal of the assets to be held and used. Assessments also consider changes in asset utilization,
including the temporary idling of capacity and the expected timing for placing this capacity back into production. If the carrying
value of the assets is not recoverable, then a loss is recorded for the difference between the assets’ fair value and respective
carrying value. The fair value of the assets is determined using an “income approach” based upon a forecast of all the
expected discounted future net cash flows associated with the subject assets. Some of the more significant estimates and assumptions
include: market size and growth, market share, projected selling prices, manufacturing cost and discount rate. Our estimates are
based upon historical experience, commercial relationships, market conditions and available external information about future
trends. Recently
Adopted Accounting Pronouncements In
June 2018, the FASB issued ASU 2018-07, Compensation - Stock Compensation (Topic
718): Improvements to Nonemployee Share-Based Payment Accounting (“ASU 2018-07”). The amendments in ASU 2018-07
expand the scope of Topic 718 to include share-based payment transactions for acquiring goods and services from nonemployees.
ASU 2018-07 is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2018, and interim periods within those fiscal years. Early
adoption is permitted. The Company has elected to early adopt ASU 2018-07. The adoption of this pronouncement had no impact on
our accompanying consolidated financial statements. 42 In
July 2017, the FASB issued ASU 2017-11 (“ASU 2017-11”), Earnings Per Share (“Topic 260”), Distinguishing
Liabilities from Equity (“Topic 480”), and Derivatives and Hedging (“Topic 815”). ASU 2017-11
is intended to simplify the accounting for financial instruments with characteristics of liabilities and equity. Among the issues
addressed are: (i) determining whether an instrument (or embedded feature) is indexed to an entity’s own stock; (ii) distinguishing
liabilities from equity for mandatorily redeemable financial instruments of certain nonpublic entities; and (iii) identifying
mandatorily redeemable non-controlling interests. ASU 2017-11 was effective for the Company on January 1, 2019. There was no material
effect on the 2019 financial statements upon adoption. In
August 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-15, Statement of Cash Flows (Topic 230) (“ASU 2016-15”). ASU 2016-15
is intended to reduce the diversity in practice regarding how certain transactions are classified within the statement of cash
flows. ASU 2016-15 is effective for public business entities for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2017, including interim
periods within those fiscal years. There was no material effect on the 2019 and 2018 financial statements upon adoption. In
February 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-02, Leases . This guidance requires lessees to record most leases on their balance
sheet while recognizing expenses on their income statements in a manner similar to current accounting. The guidance also eliminates
current real estate-specific provisions for all entities. For lessors, the guidance modifies the classification criteria and the
accounting for sales-type and direct financing leases. The standard is effective for public business entities for annual periods
beginning after December 15, 2018, and interim periods within those years. Early adoption is permitted for all entities. In July
2018, the FASB amended the new leases standard and issued ASU 2018-11, Leases, (Topic 842): Targeted Improvements to give entities
another option for transition and to provide lessors with practical expedient. We adopted ASU 2016-02 on January 1, 2019 utilizing
the alternative transition method allowed for under ASU 2018-11. Comparative financial information was not adjusted and will continue
to be reported under ASC 840. We also elected the transition relief package of practical expedients and as a result we did not
assess (1) whether existing or expired contracts contain leases, (2) lease classification for any existing or expired leases,
and (3) whether lease origination costs qualified as initial direct costs. We elected the short-term lease practical expedient
by establishing an accounting policy to exclude leases with a term of 12 month or less. We elected not to separate lease components
from non-lease components for our specified asset classes. Additionally, the adoption of the new standard resulted in increased
disclosure requirements in our quarterly and annual filings. In
May 2014, the FASB issued ASU 2014-09, Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606). The standard’s core principle
is that a company will recognize revenue when it transfers promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects
the consideration to which the company expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. In doing so, companies
will need to use more judgment and make more estimates than under previous guidance. These may include identifying performance
obligations in the contract, estimating the amount of variable consideration to include in the transaction price and allocating
the transaction price to each separate performance obligation. In July 2015, the FASB approved the proposal to defer the effective
date of ASU 2014-09 standard by one year. In 2016, the FASB issued final amendments to clarify the implementation guidance for
principal versus agent considerations (ASU 2016-08), accounting for licenses of intellectual property and identifying performance
obligations (ASU 2016-10), narrow-scope improvements and practical expedients (ASU 2016-12) and technical corrections and improvements
to Topic 606 (ASU 2016-20) in its new revenue standard. The guidance is effective for public entities for annual reporting periods
beginning after December 15, 2017 and interim periods therein. Our services are performed over the term of our contracts and customers
are billed for those services as they are performed on a monthly basis. Revenue is recognized each month for the services that
have been provided to our customers. Additionally, we do not have significant exposure related to uncollectible accounts. We have
performed a review of the requirements of the new revenue standard and have performed our analysis of our customer contracts on
a portfolio basis (by each hospital group) utilizing the five-step model of the new standard. We have compared the results of
our analysis to our current accounting practices. We adopted Topic 606 on January 1, 2018 using the full retrospective transition
method for recognizing revenue. The adoption of Topic 606 represents a change in accounting principle that will more closely align
revenue recognition with the delivery of our services to our customers and will provide financial statement readers with enhanced
disclosures. The adoption of this standard did not have a material effect on the timing and recognition of revenue for the services
provided to our customers. 43 Recently
Issued Accounting Pronouncements In
December 2019, the FASB issued ASU 2019-12, Income Taxes (Topic 740): Simplifying the Accounting for Income Taxes ,
which removes certain exceptions for recognizing deferred taxes for investments, performing intraperiod tax allocation and calculating
income taxes in interim periods. ASU 2019-12 is applicable to all entities subject to income taxes. ASU 2019-12 provides guidance
to minimize complexity in certain areas by introducing a policy election to not allocate consolidated income taxes when a member
of a consolidated tax return is not subject to income tax and guides whether to relate a step-up tax basis to a business combination
or separate transaction. ASU 2019-12 changes the current guidance of making an intraperiod allocation, determining when a tax
liability is recognized after a foreign entity investor transitions to or from equity method of accounting, accounting for tax
law changes and year-to-date losses in interim periods, and determining how to apply income tax guidance to franchise taxes. The
amendments ASU 2019-12 are effective for all public business entities for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2020 and include
interim periods. The guidance is effective for all other entities for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2021 and for interim
periods beginning after December 15, 2022. Early adoption is permitted. The Company is evaluating impact on our accompanying consolidated financial statements. 44 In
November 2019, the FASB issued ASU 2019-11, Codification Improvements to Topic 326, Financial Instruments-Credit Losses, which amends certain aspects of the Board’s new credit loss standard (ASC 326). ASU 2019-11 is applicable to companies that
hold financial assets in the scope of the credit losses standard. FASB permits to include the following in estimate if expected
credit losses: expected recoveries of financial assets previously written off and expected recoveries of financial assets with
credit deterioration. The scope of guidance related to expected recoveries includes purchased financial assets with credit deterioration.
ASU 2019-11 permits entities to record negative allowance when measuring expected credit losses for a purchased credit deteriorated
financial asset and expected recoveries cannot exceed the aggregate amount previously written off or expected to be written off.
When discounted cash flow method is not being used to estimate expected credit losses, expected recoveries cannot include any
amounts in an acceleration of the noncredit discount. An entity may include increases in expected cash flows after acquisition.
Early adoption is not permitted. The Company is evaluating impact on our accompanying consolidated financial statements. In
August 2018, the FASB issued ASU, 2018-13 that eliminates certain disclosure requirements for fair value measurements for all
entities, requires public entities to disclose certain new information and modifies some disclosure requirements. The FASB developed
the amendments to ASC 820 as part of its broader disclosure framework project, which aims to improve the effectiveness of disclosures
in the notes to financial statements by focusing on requirements that clearly communicate the most important information to users
of the financial statements. The new guidance is effective for all entities for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2019
and for interim periods within those fiscal years. An entity is permitted to early adopt either the entire standard or only the
provisions that eliminate or modify requirements. We are currently evaluating the effect of this guidance on our disclosures. CAUTIONARY
NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS This
annual report includes forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended,
which we refer to as the Securities Act, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, which we refer
to as the Exchange Act, that relate to future events or to our future operations or financial performance. Any forward-looking
statement involves known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause our actual results, levels of activity,
performance or achievements to differ materially from any future results, levels of activity, performance or achievements expressed
or implied by such forward-looking statement. Forward-looking statements include statements, other than statements of historical
fact, about, among other things: ● | our plans to further develop our FullMAX system of wireless base stations; ● | our plans to further develop remote radios; ● | the adoption by our target industries of the new IEEE 802.16s standard for private cellular networks; ● | our future development priorities; ● | our estimates regarding the size of our potential target markets; ● | our expectations about the impact of new accounting standards; ● | our future operations, financial position, revenues, costs, expenses, uses of cash, capital requirements, our need for additional financing or the period for which our existing cash resources will be sufficient to meet our operating requirements; or ● | our strategies, prospects, plans, expectations, forecasts or objectives. 45 Words
such as, but not limited to, “believe,” “expect,” “anticipate,” “estimate,” “forecast,”
“intend,” “may,” “plan,” “potential,” “predict,” “project,”
“targets,” “likely,” “will,” “would,” “could,” “should,”
“continue,” “scheduled” and similar expressions or phrases, or the negative of those expressions or phrases,
are intended to identify forward-looking statements, although not all forward-looking statements contain these identifying words. Although
we believe that we have a reasonable basis for each forward-looking statement contained in this report, we caution you that these
statements are based on our estimates or projections of the future that are subject to known and unknown risks and uncertainties
and other important factors that may cause our actual results, level of activity, performance, experience or achievements to differ
materially from those expressed or implied by any forward-looking statement. Actual results, level of activity, performance,
experience or achievements may differ materially from those expressed or implied by any forward-looking statement as a result
of various important factors, including our critical accounting policies and risks and uncertainties relating, among other things,
to: ● | our ability to obtain additional financing on reasonable terms, or at all; ● | our ability to repay our indebtedness; ● | the accuracy of our estimates regarding expenses, costs, future revenues, uses of cash and capital requirements; ● | the market acceptance of our wireless connection products and the IEEE 802.16s standard and IEEE 802.16t standard; ● | our ability to develop future generations of our current products; ● | our ability to generate significant revenues and achieve profitability; ● | our ability to successfully commercialize our current and future products, including their rate and degree of market acceptance; ● | our ability to attract and retain key scientific or management personnel and to expand our management team; ● | our ability to establish licensing, collaboration or similar arrangements on favorable terms and our ability to attract collaborators with development, regulatory and commercialization expertise; ● | our ability to manage the growth of our business; ● | the success of our strategic partnerships with third parties; ● | expenditures not resulting in commercially successful products; ● | our outreach to global markets; ● | our commercialization, marketing and manufacturing capabilities and strategy; ● | our ability to expand, protect and maintain our intellectual property position; ● | the success of competing third-party products; ● | our ability to fully remediate our identified internal control material weaknesses; ● | regulatory developments in the United States and other countries; and ● | our ability to comply with regulatory requirements relating to our business, and the costs of compliance with those requirements, including those on data privacy and security. Item 7A. | Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk . We
are a smaller reporting company as defined by Rule 229.10(f)(1) and are not required to provide information under this item. Item 8. | Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. Financial
statements begin on page F-1 following this Report. 46 INDEX TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Page
Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm | F-2
Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2019 and 2018 | F-3
Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended December 31, 2019 and 2018 | F-4
Consolidated Statements of Stockholders’ Deficit for the years ended December 31, 2019 and 2018 | F-5
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2019 and 2018 | F-6
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements | F-7 F- 1 REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC
ACCOUNTING FIRM To the Board of Directors and Stockholders of Ondas Holdings Inc. Opinion on the Financial Statements We have audited the accompanying balance
sheets of Ondas Holdings Inc. (the Company) as of December 31, 2019 and 2018, and the related statements of operations, stockholders’
deficit, and cash flows for each of the years in the two-year period ended December 31, 2019, and the related notes (collectively
referred to as the financial statements). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the
financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2019 and 2018, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each
of the years in the two-year period ended December 31, 2019, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the
United States of America. Basis for Opinion These financial statements are the responsibility
of the Company’s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company’s financial statements based
on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB)
and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable
rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. We conducted our audits in accordance with
the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether
the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have,
nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits, we are required
to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the
effectiveness of the Company’s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. Our audits included performing procedures
to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures
that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures
in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made
by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a
reasonable basis for our opinion. The accompanying financial statements
have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 1 of the financial statements,
the Company has suffered recurring losses from operations and has a net capital deficiency that raise substantial doubt about
its ability to continue as a going concern. Management’s plans in regard to these matters are also described in Note 1.
The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. /s/ Rosenberg Rich Baker Berman, P.A.
We have served as the Company’s auditor since 2017.
Somerset, NJ
March 13, 2020 F- 2 ONDAS HOLDINGS INC. CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS December 31,
2019 | 2018
ASSETS
Current Assets:
Cash and cash equivalents | $ | 2,153,028 | $ | 1,129,863
Accounts receivable, net | 20,212 | 30,440
Inventory, net | 427,516 | 347,945
Other current assets | 700,599 | 533,481
Total current assets | 3,301,355 | 2,041,729
Property and equipment, net | 252,246 | 502,146
Other Assets:
Operating lease right of use assets | 331,419 | -
Licenses | 200,000 | -
Intangible assets, net | 126,344 | 53,288
Lease deposits | 52,152 | 49,376
Deferred offering costs | - | 14,982
Total other assets | 429,561 | 117,646
Total assets | $ | 4,263,516 | $ | 2,661,521
LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS’ DEFICIT
Current Liabilities:
Accounts payable | $ | 2,322,198 | $ | 1,111,929
Operating lease liabilities | 489,407 | -
Accrued expenses and other current liabilities | 3,141,649 | 2,188,271
Secured promissory note, net of debt discount of $252,933 and $72,038, respectively | 10,106,895 | 10,063,208
Notes payable | - | 3,882,868
Total current liabilities | 16,060,149 | 17,246,276
Long-Term Liabilities:
Notes payable | 539,921 | 300,000
Accrued interest | 41,239 | -
Operating lease liabilities, net of current | 52,449 | -
Total long-term liabilities | 633,609 | 300,000
Total liabilities | 16,693,758 | 17,546,276
Commitments and Contingencies
Stockholders’ Deficit:
Preferred stock - par value $0.0001; 10,000,000 shares authorized | - | -
Common stock - par value $0.0001; 350,000,000 shares authorized; 59,268,085 and 50,463,732 issued and outstanding, respectively | 5,927 | 5,046
Additional paid in capital | 39,335,498 | 17,491,734
Accumulated deficit | (51,771,667 | ) | (32,381,535 | )
Total stockholders’ deficit | (12,430,242 | ) | (14,884,755 | )
Total liabilities and stockholders’ deficit | $ | 4,263,516 | $ | 2,661,521 The accompanying footnotes are an integral part of these consolidated
financial statements. F- 3 ONDAS HOLDINGS INC. CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS Years Ended December 31,
2019 | 2018
Revenues, net | $ | 320,383 | $ | 190,029
Cost of goods sold | 79,126 | 39,365
Gross profit | 241,257 | 150,664
Operating expenses:
General and administration | 4,792,867 | 2,611,992
Sales and marketing | 5,403,901 | 2,897,703
Research and development | 5,416,425 | 3,076,502
Total operating expense | 15,613,193 | 8,586,197
Operating loss | (15,371,936 | ) | (8,435,533 | )
Other income (expense)
Interest expense | (2,929,369 | ) | (2,663,645 | )
Impairment of deferred offering costs and financing costs associated with canceled financing efforts | (919,950 | ) | -
Change in fair value of derivative liability | - | (975,902 | )
Loss on disposal of fixed assets | (183,431 | ) | -
Loss on extinguishment of debt | - | (44,353 | )
Interest income | 1,863 | 18,147
Other income | 12,691 | 4,422
Total other income (expense) | (4,018,196 | ) | (3,661,331 | )
Loss before provision for income taxes | (19,390,132 | ) | (12,096,864 | )
Provision for income taxes | - | -
Net loss | $ | (19,390,132 | ) | $ | (12,096,864 | )
Net loss per share - basic and diluted | $ | (0.37 | ) | $ | (0.42 | )
Weighted average number of common shares outstanding - basic and diluted | 52,704,911 | 28,528,060 The accompanying footnotes are an integral part of these consolidated
financial statements. F- 4 ONDAS HOLDINGS INC. CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN
EQUITY Additional
Common Stock | Paid in | Accumulated
Shares | Amount | Capital | Deficit | Total
Balance, December 31, 2018 | 50,463,732 | $ | 5,046 | $ | 17,491,734 | $ | (32,381,535 | ) | $ | (14,884,755 | )
Stock-based compensation | - | - | 938,052 | - | 938,052
Shares issued in private placement, net of costs | 2,885,600 | 289 | 6,109,433 | - | 6,109,722
Shares issued in exchange for debt | 5,798,753 | 580 | 14,496,291 | - | 14,496,871
Shares issued for extension of debt | 120,000 | 12 | 299,988 | - | 300,000
Net loss | - | - | - | (19,390,132 | ) | (19,390,132 | )
Balance, December 31, 2019 | 59,268,085 | $ | 5,927 | $ | 39,335,498 | $ | (51,771,667 | ) | $ | (12,430,242 | ) Additional
Common Stock | Paid in | Accumulated
Shares | Amount | Capital | Deficit | Total
Balance, December 31, 2017 | 16,797,744 | $ | 1,679 | $ | 12,361,205 | $ | (20,284,671 | ) | $ | (7,921,787 | )
Issuance of shares in private placement | 6,648,586 | 665 | 4,031 | - | 4,696
Issuance of shares in debt conversion | 2,017,402 | 202 | 4,002,816 | - | 4,003,018
Reclassification of derivative liability | - | - | 1,141,995 | - | 1,141,995
Purchase and retirement of common stock | (32,600,000 | ) | (3,260 | ) | - | - | (3,260 | )
Effect of merger and recapitalization pursuant to execution of Agreement and Plan of Merger and Reorganization | 57,600,000 | 5,760 | (18,313 | ) | - | (12,553 | )
Net loss | - | - | - | (12,096,864 | ) | (12,096,864 | )
Balance, December 31, 2018 | 50,463,732 | $ | 5,046 | $ | 17,491,734 | $ | (32,381,535 | ) | $ | (14,884,755 | ) The accompanying footnotes are an integral part of these consolidated
financial statements. F- 5 ONDAS HOLDINGS INC. CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS Years Ended December 31,
2019 | 2018
CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITES
Net loss | $ | (19,390,132 | ) | $ | (12,096,864 | )
Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash flows used in operating activities:
Depreciation | 143,459 | 54,946
Allowance for doubtful accounts | - | (7,914 | )
Amortization of debt discount and deferred financing costs | 119,105 | 835,849
Amortization of intangible assets | 1,055 | 194
Amortization of right of use assets | (81,659 | ) | -
Impairment of operating lease | 292,095 | -
Impairment of deferred offering and financing costs | 82,332 | -
Accreted interest | 224,582 | -
Stock-based compensation | 938,052 | -
Loss on disposal of fixed assets | 183,431 | -
Loss on conversion of debt | - | 31,943
Change in fair value of derivative liability | - | 975,902
Changes in operating assets and liabilities:
Accounts receivable | 10,228 | 9,329
Inventory | (79,591 | ) | (174,624 | )
Other current assets | (167,192 | ) | (477,937 | )
Accounts payable | 1,210,269 | (44,359 | )
Accrued expenses and other current liabilities | 1,849,581 | 2,376,272
Net cash flows used in operating activities | (14,664,385 | ) | (8,517,263 | )
CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES
Purchase of licenses | (200,000 | ) | -
Purchase of equipment | (77,936 | ) | (544,236 | )
Patent costs | (74,111 | ) | (53,482 | )
Deposits | (2,775 | ) | (31,965 | )
Net cash flows used in investing activities | (354,822 | ) | (629,683 | )
CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES
Proceeds from secured promissory note | 10,000,000 | 9,875,000
Payments for deferred offering costs | (67,350 | ) | -
Proceeds from convertible notes payable | - | 100,000
Proceeds from sale of common stock, net of costs | 6,109,722 | 4,696
Repayment of advances from related party | - | (155,645 | )
Purchase and retirement of common stock | - | (3,260 | )
Net cash flows provided by financing activities | 16,042,372 | 9,820,791
Increase in cash and cash equivalents | 1,023,165 | 673,845
Cash and cash equivalent, beginning of year | 1,129,863 | 456,018
Cash and cash equivalents, end of year | $ | 2,153,028 | $ | 1,129,863
SUPPLEMENTAL DISCLOSURES OF CASH FLOW INFORMATION:
Cash paid for interest | $ | 1,038,246 | $ | 979,167
Cash paid for income taxes | $ | - | $ | -
SUPPLEMENTAL SCHEDULE OF NON-CASH FINANCING ACTIVITIES:
Debt exchanged for common stock | $ | 14,496,871 | $ | -
Accrued interest converted to debt | $ | 230,565 | $ | 17,310
Increase in debt for non cash interest | $ | - | $ | 135,246
Derivative liability | $ | - | $ | 1,141,995 The accompanying
footnotes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. F- 6 ONDAS
HOLDINGS INC. NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS NOTE
1 – DESCRIPTION OF BUSINESS AND BASIS OF PRESENTATION The
Company Ondas
Holdings Inc. (the “Company”) was originally incorporated in Nevada on December 22, 2014 under the name of Zev Ventures
Incorporated. On September 28, 2018, we closed the Acquisition, described below, changed our name to Ondas Holdings Inc., and
Ondas Networks Inc., a Delaware corporation (“Ondas Networks”), became our sole focus and wholly owned subsidiary. The
corporate headquarters for Ondas Holdings Inc. and operational headquarters for Ondas Networks Inc. is located in Sunnyvale, California.
Unless otherwise stated or unless the context otherwise requires, the description of our business set forth below is provided
on a combined basis, taking into account our subsidiary, Ondas Networks. Ondas Networks was originally incorporated in Delaware
on February 16, 2006 under the name of Full Spectrum Inc. On August 10, 2018, the name was changed to Ondas Networks Inc. We
have two wholly owned subsidiaries, Ondas Networks Inc., a Delaware corporation, which is our operating company, and FS Partners
(Cayman) Limited, a Cayman Islands limited liability company. We have two majority owned subsidiaries, Full Spectrum Holding Limited,
a Cayman Islands limited liability company, and Ondas Network Limited, a company registered to do business in China. Full Spectrum
Holding Limited owns 100% of Ondas Network Limited. Both FS Partners (Cayman) Limited and Full Spectrum Holding Limited were formed
for the purpose of beginning operations in China. As of December 31, 2019, we revised our business strategy and are in the process
of dissolving our Cayman Islands and China-affiliated subsidiaries. Ondas
Networks’ wireless networking products are applicable to a wide range of mission critical operations that require secure
communications over large geographic areas. We provide wireless connectivity solutions enabling mission-critical Industrial Internet
applications and services. We refer to these applications as the Mission-Critical Internet of Things (MC-IoT). We
design, develop, manufacture, sell and support FullMAX, our multi-patented, state-of-the-art, point-to-multipoint, Software Defined
Radio (SDR) platform for secure, licensed, private, wide-area broadband networks. Our customers purchase FullMAX system solutions
to deploy wide-area intelligent networks (WANs) for smart grids, smart pipes, smart fields and other mission critical network
that need internet protocol connectivity. We sell our products and services globally through a direct sales force and value-added
sales partners to critical infrastructure providers including electric and gas utilities, water and wastewater utilities, oil
and gas producers and pipeline operators, and for other critical infrastructure applications in areas such as homeland security
and defense, and transportation. In addition, our FullMAX platform will be deployed to provide command and control connectivity
solutions for drones and unmanned aerial systems (UAS). Our
business consists of a single segment of products and services all of which are sold and provided in the United States and certain
international markets. The
Acquisition On
September 28, 2018, we entered into the Agreement and Plan of Merger and Reorganization (the “Merger Agreement”) with
Zev Merger Sub, Inc. and Ondas Networks to acquire Ondas Networks. The transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement were
consummated on September 28, 2018 (the “Closing”), and pursuant to the terms of the Merger Agreement, all outstanding
shares of common stock of Ondas Networks, $0.00001 par value per share, (the “Ondas Networks Shares”), were exchanged
for shares of our common stock, $0.0001 par value per share (the “Company Shares”). Accordingly, Ondas Networks became
our wholly-owned subsidiary and its business became the business of the Company. F- 7 ONDAS
HOLDINGS INC. NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS At
the Closing, each Ondas Networks Share outstanding immediately prior to the Closing was converted into 3.823 Company Shares (the
“Exchange Ratio”), with all fractional shares rounded down to the nearest whole share. Accordingly, we issued an aggregate
of 25,463,732 Company Shares for all of the then-outstanding Ondas Networks Shares. In
connection with the Closing, we amended and restated our articles of incorporation, effective September 28, 2018 to (i) change
our name to Ondas Holdings Inc. and (ii) increase our authorized capital to 360,000,000 shares, consisting of 350,000,000 shares
of common stock, par value $0.0001 per share, and 10,000,000 shares of “blank check” preferred stock, par value $0.0001
per share. In connection with the Acquisition, our trading symbol changed to “ONDS” effective at the opening of business
on October 5, 2018. Also
in connection with the Closing, (i) our sole director appointed additional individuals, who previously were members of the board
of directors of Ondas Networks and its chief executive officer, to serve on our board of directors, and our board of directors
subsequently appointed executive officers; (ii) the former holders of the Ondas Networks Shares executed lock-up agreements (the
“Lock-Up Agreements”), which provide for an initial 12-month lock-up period followed by a subsequent 12-month limited
sale period, commencing with the date of the Closing (Effective August 30, 2019, the Company entered into a First Amendment to
Lock-Up Agreements (the “Amendment”) with stockholders owning an aggregate of 24,428,681 of the Ondas Shares, representing
41% of the Company’s currently outstanding shares of common stock. The Amendment revised the terms of the Lock-Up Agreements
to extend the lock-up period an additional twelve months to September 28, 2020 and eliminated the 12-month limited sale period);
(iii) we entered into a Common Stock Repurchase Agreement with Energy Capital, LLC, a current stockholder of the Company (“Energy
Capital”), pursuant to which the entity sold an aggregate of 32.6 million Company Shares (the “Repurchase Shares”)
to us at $0.0001 per share, for an aggregate consideration of $3,260, which Repurchase Shares were canceled and returned to our
authorized but unissued shares; (iv) our board of directors approved, and our stockholders adopted, the 2018 Incentive Stock Plan
(the “2018 Plan”) pursuant to which 10 million Company Shares have been reserved for issuance to employees, including
officers, directors and consultants; and (v) we entered into a Loan and Security Agreement with Energy Capital, pursuant to which
Energy Capital agreed to lend us an aggregate principal amount of up to $10 million, subject to specified conditions. In
accordance with ASC 805-40, Reverse Acquisitions , the historical capital stock account of Ondas Networks immediately prior
to the Closing was carried forward and retroactively adjusted to reflect the par value of the outstanding stock of the Company,
including the number of shares issued in the Closing as we are the surviving legal entity. Additionally, retained earnings of
Ondas Networks have been carried forward after the Closing. All share and per share amounts in the condensed consolidated financial
statements and related notes have been retrospectively adjusted to reflect the one for 3.823 exchange of shares of common stock
in connection with the Acquisition. Liquidity We
have incurred losses since inception and have funded our operations primarily through debt and the sale of capital stock. As of
December 31, 2019, we had an stockholders’ deficit of approximately $12.4 million. At December 31, 2019, we had short-term
and long-term borrowings outstanding of approximately $10.1 million and $0.5 million, respectively. As of December 31, 2019, we
had cash of approximately $2.2 million and a working capital deficit of approximately $12.8 million. F- 8 ONDAS
HOLDINGS INC. NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Our
future capital requirements will depend upon many factors, including progress with developing, manufacturing and marketing our
technologies, the time and costs involved in preparing, filing, prosecuting, maintaining and enforcing patent claims and other
proprietary rights, our ability to establish collaborative arrangements, marketing activities and competing technological and
market developments, including regulatory changes and overall economic conditions in our target markets. Our ability to generate
revenue and achieve profitability requires us to successfully market and secure purchase orders for our products from customers
currently identified in our sales pipeline and to new customers as well. We also will be required to efficiently manufacturer
and deliver equipment on those purchase orders. These activities, including our planned research and development efforts, will
require significant uses of working capital through the end of 2020 and beyond. Based on our current operating plans, we believe
that our existing cash at the time of this filing will only be sufficient to meet our anticipated operating needs through March
2020. Accounting
standards require management to evaluate our ability to continue as a going concern for a period of one year subsequent to the
date of the filing of this Form 10-K (“evaluation period”). As such, we have evaluated if cash on hand and cash generated
through operating activities would be sufficient to sustain projected operating activities through March 13, 2021. We anticipate
that our current resources will be insufficient to meet our cash requirements throughout the evaluation period, including funding
anticipated losses and scheduled debt maturities. We expect to seek additional funds from a combination of dilutive and/or nondilutive
financings in the future. Because such transactions have not been finalized, receipt of additional funding is not considered probable
under current accounting standards. If we do not generate sufficient cash flows from operations and obtain sufficient funds when
needed, we expect that we would scale back our operating plan by deferring or limiting some, or all, of our capital spending,
reducing our spending on travel, and/or eliminating planned headcount additions, as well as other cost reductions to be determined.
Because such contingency plans have not been finalized (the specifics would depend on the situation at the time), such actions
also are not considered probable for purposes of current accounting standards. Because, under current accounting standards, neither
future cash generated from operating activities, nor management’s contingency plans to mitigate the risk and extend cash
resources through the evaluation period, are considered probable, substantial doubt is deemed to exist about the Company’s
ability to continue as a going concern. As we continue to incur losses, our transition to profitability is dependent upon achieving
a level of revenues adequate to support its cost structure. We may never achieve profitability, and unless and until doing so,
we intend to fund future operations through additional dilutive or non-dilutive financings. There can be no assurances, however,
that additional funding will be available on terms acceptable to us, if at all. The
financial information contained in these financial statements have been prepared on a basis that assumes that we will continue
as a going concern, which contemplates the realization of assets and the satisfaction of liabilities and commitments in the normal
course of business. This financial information and these financial statements do not include any adjustments that may result from
the outcome of this uncertainty. NOTE
2 – SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNT POLICIES Principles
of Consolidation The
consolidated financial statements include the accounts of the Company and our wholly owned subsidiaries Ondas Networks and FS
Partners and our majority owned subsidiaries, Full Spectrum Holding and Ondas Network Limited. All significant inter-company accounts
and transactions between these entities have been eliminated in these historical consolidated financial statements. F- 9 ONDAS
HOLDINGS INC. NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Segment
Information We
operate in one business segment, which is the development, marketing and sale of wireless radio systems for secure, wide area
mission-critical business-to-business networks. Use
of Estimates The
process of preparing financial statements in conformity with U.S. GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that
affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements.
Such management estimates include those relating to revenue recognition, inventory write-downs to reflect net realizable value,
assumptions used in the valuation of stock-based awards and warrants, and valuation allowances against deferred tax assets. Actual
results could differ from those estimates. Cash
and Cash Equivalents We
consider all highly liquid instruments with an original maturity of three months or less, as well as deposits in financial institutions,
to be cash and cash equivalents. As of December 31, 2019 and 2018, we had no cash equivalents. Trade
Accounts Receivable Accounts
receivable are stated at a gross invoice amount less an allowance for doubtful accounts. We estimate allowance for doubtful accounts
by evaluating specific accounts where information indicates our customers may have an inability to meet financial obligations,
such as customer payment history, credit worthiness and receivable amounts outstanding for an extended period beyond contractual
terms. We use assumptions and judgment, based on the best available facts and circumstances, to record an allowance to reduce
the receivable to the amount expected to be collected. These allowances are evaluated and adjusted as additional information is
received. We had no allowance for doubtful accounts as of December 31, 2019 and 2018. Inventory Inventories,
which consist solely of equipment components, are stated at the lower of cost (first-in, first-out) or net realizable value, net
of reserves for obsolete inventory. We continually analyze our slow-moving and excess inventories. Based on historical and projected
sales volumes and anticipated selling prices, we established reserves. Inventory that is in excess of current and projected use
is reduced by an allowance to a level that approximates its estimate of future demand. Products that are determined to be obsolete
are written down to net realizable value. As of December 31, 2019 and 2018, we determined that no such reserves were necessary. Inventory
consists of the following: Years Ended December 31,
2019 | 2018
Raw material | $ | 372,101 | $ | 307,947
Finished goods | 55,415 | 39,998
Total inventory | $ | 427,516 | $ | 347,945 F- 10 ONDAS
HOLDINGS INC. NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Property
and Equipment All
additions, including improvements to existing facilities, are recorded at cost. Maintenance and repairs are charged to expense
as incurred. Depreciation of property and equipment is principally recorded using the straight-line method over the estimated
useful lives of the assets. The estimated useful lives typically are (i) three years for equipment and software, and (ii) five
years for vehicles and furniture and fixtures. Leasehold improvements are amortized on a straight-line basis over the shorter
of the lease term or the estimated useful life of the asset. Upon the disposal of property, the asset and related accumulated
depreciation accounts are relieved of the amounts recorded therein for such items, and any resulting gain or loss is recorded
in operating expenses in the year of disposition. Software Costs incurred internally
in researching and developing a software product are charged to expense until technological feasibility has been established for
the product. Once technological feasibility is established, all software costs are capitalized until the product is available
for general release to customers. Judgment is required in determining when technological feasibility of a product is established.
We have determined that technological feasibility for our software products is reached after all high-risk development issues
have been resolved through coding and testing. Generally, this occurs shortly before the products are released to production.
There were no capitalized software costs at December 31, 2019 and 2018. Impairment
of Long-Lived Assets Long-lived
assets are evaluated whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount may not be recoverable or the
useful life has changed. Such indicators include significant technological changes, adverse changes in market conditions and/or
poor operating results. The carrying value of a long-lived asset group is considered impaired when the projected undiscounted
future cash flows is less than its carrying value. The amount of impairment loss recognized is the difference between the estimated
fair value and the carrying value of the asset or asset group. Fair market value is determined primarily using the projected future
cash flows discounted at a rate commensurate with the risk involved. Based upon our evaluation, there were no impairments of long-lived
assets required during the years ended December 31, 2019 and 2018. Patents We have adopted the provisions
of Financial Accounting Standards Board, or FASB, Accounting Standards Codification, or ASC, 350, Intangibles - Goodwill and
Other (“ASC 350”). Capitalized patent costs, net of accumulated amortization, includes legal costs incurred for
patent applications. In accordance with ASC 350, once a patent is granted, we amortize the capitalized patent costs over the remaining
life of the patent using the straight-line method. If the patent is not granted, we write-off any capitalized patent costs at
that time. We review intangible assets for impairment annually or when events or circumstances indicate that their carrying amount
may not be recoverable. (See NOTE 5 for further details). Research
and Development Costs
for research and development are expensed as incurred. Research and development expense consists primarily of salaries, salary
related expenses and costs of contractors and materials. F- 11 ONDAS
HOLDINGS INC. NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Fair
Value of Financial Instruments Our
financial instruments consist primarily of receivables, accounts payable, accrued expenses and short and long-term debt. The carrying
amount of receivables, accounts payable and accrued expenses approximates our fair value because of the short-term maturity of
such instruments. We
have categorized our assets and liabilities that are valued at fair value on a recurring basis into a three-level fair value hierarchy
in accordance with U.S. GAAP. Fair value is defined as the exchange price that would be received for an asset or paid to transfer
a liability (an exit price) in the principal or most advantageous market for the asset or liability in an orderly transaction
between market participants on the measurement date. The fair value hierarchy gives the highest priority to quoted prices in active
markets for identical assets and liabilities (Level 1) and lowest priority to unobservable inputs (Level 3). Assets
and liabilities recorded in the balance sheets at fair value are categorized based on a hierarchy of inputs, as follows: Level 1 | -- | Unadjusted quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities. Level 2 | -- | Quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities in active markets or inputs that are observable for the asset or liability, either directly or indirectly through market corroboration, for substantially the full term of the financial instrument. Level 3 | -- | Unobservable inputs for the asset or liability. At
December 31, 2019 and 2018, we had no instruments requiring a fair value determination. The
following table provides a summary of changes in fair value associated with the Level 3 liabilities for the years ended December
31, 2019 and 2018: Fair Value Measurements Using Significant Unobservable Inputs (Level 3)
December 31,
2019 | 2018
Balance, beginning of period | $ | - | $ | (166,093 | )
Issuances of derivative liability | - | -
Reclassification to additional paid in capital | - | 1,141,995
Change in fair value of derivative liability | - | (975,902 | )
Balance, end of period | $ | - | $ | - The
above table of Level 3 liabilities begins with the prior period balance and adjusts the balance for changes that occurred during
the current period. The ending balance of the Level 3 financial instrument presented above represent our best estimates and may
not be substantiated by comparisons to independent markets and, in many cases, could not be realized in immediate settlement of
the instruments. F- 12 ONDAS
HOLDINGS INC. NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Income
Taxes Income
taxes are accounted for under the asset and liability method. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the estimated
future tax consequences attributable to differences between the financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities
and their respective tax basis. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply to
taxable income in the years in which the related temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled. The effect on
deferred tax assets and liabilities of a change in tax rates is recognized when the rate change is enacted. Valuation allowances
are recorded to reduce deferred tax assets to the amount that will more likely than not be realized. In accordance with GAAP,
we recognize the effect of uncertain income tax positions only if the positions are more likely than not of being sustained in
an audit, based on the technical merits of the position. Recognized uncertain income tax positions are measured at the largest
amount that is greater than 50% likely of being realized. Changes in recognition or measurement are reflected in the period in
which those changes in judgment occur. We recognize both interest and penalties related to uncertain tax positions as part of
the income tax provision. Shipping
and Handling We
expense all shipping and handling costs as incurred. These costs are included in cost of goods sold on the accompanying consolidated
financial statements. Deferred
Offering Costs The
Company capitalizes certain legal, professional accounting and other third-party fees that are directly associated with in-process
equity financings as deferred offering costs until such financings are consummated. After consummation of the equity financing,
these costs are recorded in stockholders’ deficit as a reduction of additional paid-in capital generated as a result of
the offering. Should the planned equity financing be abandoned, the deferred offering costs will be expensed immediately as a
charge to operating expenses in the consolidated statement of operations. In accordance with this policy, for the years ended
December 31, 2019 and 2018, the Company expensed financing costs of $919,950 and $0, respectively. Off-Balance
Sheet Arrangements The
Company has no off-balance sheet risk such as foreign exchange contracts, option contracts, or other hedging arrangements. F- 13 ONDAS
HOLDINGS INC. NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS ASC
606, Revenue from Contracts with Customers On
January 1, 2018, we adopted ASC 606 , Revenue from Contracts with Customers (“ASC 606”), using the modified
retrospective method with respect to all non-completed contracts. Revenues and contract assets and liabilities for contracts completed
prior to January 1, 2018 are presented in accordance with ASC 605, Revenue Recognition . ASC 606 outlines a single comprehensive
model for entities to use in accounting for revenue arising from contracts with customers and supersedes nearly all existing revenue
recognition guidance, including industry-specific guidance. The new guidance is based on the principle that an entity should recognize
revenue to depict the transfer of products or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which the
entity expects to be entitled in exchange for those products or services. The new guidance also requires additional disclosure
about the nature, amount, timing and uncertainty of revenue and cash flows arising from customer contracts, including significant
judgment and changes in judgments and assets recognized from costs incurred to fulfill a contract. The adoption of ASC 606 did
not have a material effect on our financial position, results of operations, or internal controls over financial reporting. Under
ASC 606, the Company recognizes revenue when the customer obtains control of promised products or services, in an amount that
reflects the consideration which is expected to be received in exchange for those products or services. The Company recognizes
revenue following the five-step model prescribed under ASC 606: (i) identify contract(s) with a customer; (ii) identify the performance
obligation(s) in the contract; (iii) determine the transaction price; (iv) allocate the transaction price to the performance obligation(s)
in the contract; and (v) recognize revenue when (or as) the Company satisfies a performance obligation. The Company only applies
the five-step model to contracts when it is probable that the entity will collect the consideration it is entitled to in exchange
for the products or services it transfers to the customer. At
contract inception, once the contract is determined to be within the scope of ASC 606, the Company assesses the products or services
promised within each contract and determines those that are performance obligations and assesses whether each promised product
or service is distinct. The Company then recognizes as revenue the amount of the transaction price that is allocated to the respective
performance obligation when (or as) the performance obligation is satisfied. To the extent the transaction price includes variable
consideration, we estimate the amount of variable consideration that should be included in the transaction price utilizing the
expected value method. Variable consideration is included in the transaction price if, in our judgment, it is probable that a
significant future reversal of cumulative revenue under the contract will not occur. Estimates of variable consideration and determination
of whether to include estimated amounts in the transaction price are based largely on an assessment of our anticipated performance
and all information (historical, current and forecasted) that is reasonably available. Sales, value add, and other taxes collected
on behalf of third parties are excluded from revenue. For the years ended December 31, 2019 and 2018, none of our contracts with
customers included variable consideration. Contracts
that are modified to account for changes in contract specifications and requirements are assessed to determine if the modification
either creates new or changes the existing enforceable rights and obligations. Generally, contract modifications are for products
or services that are not distinct from the existing contract due to the inability to use, consume or sell the products or services
on their own to generate economic benefits and are accounted for as if they were part of that existing contract. The effect of
a contract modification on the transaction price and measure of progress for the performance obligation to which it relates, is
recognized as an adjustment to revenue (either as an increase in or a reduction of revenue) on a cumulative catch-up basis. For
the years ended December 31, 2019 and 2018, there were no modifications to contract specifications. The
Company is engaged in the development, marketing and sale of wireless radio systems for secure, wide area mission-critical business-to-business
networks. We generate revenue primarily from the sale of the FullMAX System and the delivery of related services. Product
revenue is comprised of sales of the Company’s software defined base station and remote radios, its network management and
monitoring system, and accessories. The Company’s software and hardware is sold with a limited one-year basic warranty included
in the price. The limited one-year basic warranty is an assurance-type warranty, is not a separate performance obligation, and
thus no transaction price is allocated to it. The nature of tasks under the limited one-year basic warranty only provide for remedying
defective product(s) covered by the warranty. Product revenue is generally recognized when the customer obtains control of our
product, which occurs at a point in time, and may be upon shipment or upon delivery based on the contractual shipping terms of
a contract, or upon installation when the combined performance obligation is not distinct within the context of the contract. F- 14 ONDAS
HOLDINGS INC. NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Service revenue is comprised
of separately priced extended warranty sales, network support and maintenance, remote monitoring, as well as ancillary services
directly related to the sale of the Company’s wireless communications products including wireless network design, systems
engineering, radio frequency planning, software configuration, product training, installation, and onsite support. The extended
warranty sold by the Company provides a level of assurance beyond the coverage for defects that existed at the time of a sale
or against certain types of covered damage. The extended warranty includes 1) factory hardware repair or replacement, at our election,
of the base station and remote radios, 2) software upgrades, bug fixes and new features of the radio software and NMS, 3) deployment
and network architecture support, and 4) technical support by phone and email. Extended warranty, network support and maintenance,
and remote monitoring revenues are recognized ratably over the term of the service contract. Ancillary service revenues are recognized
at the point in time when those services have been provided to the customer and the performance obligation has been satisfied.
With respect to extended warranty sales and remote monitoring, the Company applies the input method using straight-line recognition. If
the customer contract contains a single performance obligation, the entire transaction price is allocated to the single performance
obligation. We enter into certain contracts that have multiple performance obligations, one or more of which may be delivered
subsequent to the delivery of other performance obligations. We allocate the transaction price based on the estimated relative
standalone selling prices of the promised products or services underlying each performance obligation. We determine standalone
selling prices based on the price at which the performance obligation is sold separately. If the standalone selling price is not
observable through past transactions, we estimate the standalone selling price considering available information such as market
conditions and internally approved pricing guidelines related to the performance obligations. Revenue is then allocated to the
performance obligations using the relative selling prices of each of the performance obligations in the contract. Our
payment terms vary and range from Net 15 to Net 30 days from the date of the invoices. Disaggregation
of Revenue The
following tables present our disaggregated revenues by Type of Revenue and Timing of Revenue. Years Ended December 31,
2019 | 2018
Type of Revenue
Product revenue | $ | 212,905 | $ | 125,664
Service revenue | 107,478 | 64,365
Total revenue | $ | 320,383 | $ | 190,029 Years Ended December 31,
2019 | 2018
Timing of Revenue
Revenue recognized point in time | $ | 281,333 | $ | 147,863
Revenue recognized over time | 39,050 | 42,166
Total revenue | $ | 320,383 | $ | 190,029 F- 15 ONDAS
HOLDINGS INC. NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Contract
Assets and Liabilities We
recognize a receivable or contract asset when we perform a service or transfer a good in advance of receiving consideration. A
receivable is recorded when our right to consideration is unconditional and only the passage of time is required before payment
of that consideration is due. A contract asset is recorded when our right to consideration in exchange for good or services that
we have transferred to a customer is conditional on something other than the passage of time. We did not have any contract assets
recorded at December 31, 2019 and 2018. We
recognize a contract liability when we receive consideration, or if we have the unconditional right to receive consideration,
in advance of satisfying the performance obligation. A contract liability is our obligation to transfer goods or services to a
customer for which we have received consideration, or an amount of consideration is due from the customer. The table below details
the activity in our contract liabilities during the years ended December 31, 2019 and 2018, and the balance at the end of each
year is reported as deferred revenue in the Company’s consolidated balance sheet. Years Ended December 31,
2019 | 2018
Balance, beginning of year | $ | 20,631 | $ | 30,690
Additions | 20,826 | 32,106
Transfer to revenue | (39,050 | ) | (42,166 | )
Balance, end of year | $ | 2,467 | $ | 20,631 Warranty
Reserve We
provide a limited one-year assurance-type warranty on our software and hardware products. The assurance-type warranty covers defects
in material and wordsmanship only. If a warranted software or hardware component is determined to be defective after being tested
by the Company, the Company will repair, replace or refund the price of the covered hardware and/or software to the customer (not
including any shipping, handling, delivery or installation charges). We estimate, based upon a review of historical warranty claim
experience, the costs that may be incurred under our warranties and record a liability in the amount of such estimate at the time
a product is sold. Factors that affect our warranty liability include the number of units sold, historical and anticipated rates
of warranty claims, and cost per claim. We periodically assess the adequacy of our recorded warranty liability and adjust the
accrual as claims data and historical experience warrants. The Company has assessed the costs of fulfilling its existing assurance-type
warranties and has determined that the estimated outstanding warranty obligation at December 31, 2019 and 2018 is immaterial to
the Company’s financial statements. Accounting
Standard Update 2016-02, Leases Under
Topic 842, operating lease expense is generally recognized evenly over the term of the lease. During 2019, the Company had operating
leases primarily consisting of two office space leases in Sunnyvale, CA and one in Chengdu, Sichuan Province, People’s Republic
of China (the “Chengdu Lease”). Lease costs were approximately $475,000 for the year ended December 31, 2019. In December
2019, in conjunction with the closure of Ondas Networks Limited, the Chengdu Lease was terminated. Our remaining lease terms range
from 12 to 14 months. There was no sublease rental income for the year ended December 31, 2019. In January 2020, the Company entered
into a sublease rental agreement for one of its leases in Sunnyvale, CA. See NOTE 13 for further details. Leases
with an initial term of twelve months or less are not recorded on the balance sheet. For lease agreements entered into or reassessed
after the adoption of Topic 842, we combine the lease and non-lease components in determining the lease liabilities and right
of use (“ROU”) assets. F- 16 ONDAS
HOLDINGS INC. NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Our
lease agreements generally do not provide an implicit borrowing rate; therefore, an internal incremental borrowing rate is determined
based on information available at lease commencement date for purposes of determining the present value of lease payments. We
used the incremental borrowing rate on December 31, 2018 for all leases that commenced prior to that date. Lease
Costs Year ended December 31, 2019
Components of total lease costs:
Operating lease expense | $ | 593,707
Short-term lease costs (1) | 46,575
Total lease costs | $ | 640,282 (1) | Represents short-term leases which are immaterial. Lease
Positions as of December 31, 2019 ROU
lease assets and lease liabilities for our operating leases were recorded in the consolidated balance sheet as follows: As of December 31, 2019
Assets:
Operating lease assets | $ | 331,419
Total lease assets | $ | 331,419
Liabilities:
Operating lease liabilities, current | $ | 489,406
Operating lease liabilities, net of current | 52,449
Total lease liabilities | $ | 541,855 Lease
Terms and Discount Rate Weighted average remaining lease term (in years) – operating lease | 1.1
Weighted average discount rate – operating lease | 14 | % Cash
Flows Year ended December 31, 2019
Cash paid for amounts included in the measurement of lease liabilities:
Operating cash flows for operating leases | $ | 570,568 F- 17 ONDAS
HOLDINGS INC. NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Undiscounted
Cash Flows Future
lease payments included in the measurement of lease liabilities on the consolidated balance sheet as of December 31, 2019, as
follows: Years ending December 31,
2020 | $ | 531,166
2021 | 57,153
Thereafter | -
Total future minimum lease payments | 588,319
Lease imputed interest | (46,464 | )
Total | $ | 541,855 In
March 2019, one of our long-term operating leases was abandoned and the likelihood of entering into a sublease agreement for the
property was minimal; therefore, the Right to Use Asset value of $259,962 was considered impaired and the amount was charged to
asset impairment on the accompanying unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. Net
Loss Per Common Share Net
loss per share for all periods presented is based on the equity structure of the legal acquirer, which assumes common stock is
outstanding and is reflected on a retrospective basis for all periods presented. Basic net loss per share is computed by dividing
net loss by the weighted average shares of common stock outstanding for each period. Diluted net loss per share is the same as
basic net loss per share since the Company has net losses for each period presented. The
following potentially dilutive securities for the years ended December 31, 2019 and 2018 have been excluded from the computation
of diluted net loss per share because the effect of their inclusion would have been anti-dilutive. Years Ended December 31,
2019 | 2018
Warrants to purchase common stock | 4,771,417 | -
Options to purchase common stock | 675,000 | -
Restricted stock purchase offers | 383,478 | -
Convertible debt | - | 140,678
Total potentially dilutive securities | 5,829,895 | 140,678 Debt
Issuance Costs Debt
issuance costs represent costs incurred for the issuance of debt. Once the associated debt instrument is issued, these costs would
be recorded as a debt discount and amortized using the effective interest method over the term of the related debt instrument.
Upon abandonment of a pending financing transaction, the related deferred financing costs are charged to interest expense. Concentrations
of Credit Risk Financial
instruments that potentially subject us to concentrations of credit risk consist of cash and accounts receivable. Cash is deposited
with a limited number of financial institutions. The balances held at any one financial institution may be in excess of Federal
Deposit Insurance Corporation (FDIC) insurance limits. Credit
is extended to customers based on an evaluation of their financial condition and other factors. We generally do not require collateral
or other security to support accounts receivable. We perform ongoing credit evaluations of our customers and maintain an allowance
for doubtful accounts and sales credits. F- 18 ONDAS
HOLDINGS INC. NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Concentration
of Customers Because
we have only recently invested in our customer service and support organization, a small number of customers have accounted for
a substantial amount of our revenue. The
table below sets forth the Company’s customers that accounted for greater than 10% of its revenues for the years ended December
31, 2019 and 2018, respectively: Years Ended December 31,
Customer | 2019 | 2018
A | 45 | % | 17 | %
B | 18 | % | 76 | %
C | 36 | % | 0 | % 100%
of the Company’s accounts receivable balance at December 31, 2019 was held by a customer with less than 5% of the Company’s
revenue for the year ended December 31, 2019. Recently
Adopted Accounting Pronouncements In
June 2018, the FASB issued ASU 2018-07, Compensation - Stock Compensation (Topic
718): Improvements to Nonemployee Share-Based Payment Accounting (“ASU 2018-07”). The amendments in ASU 2018-07
expand the scope of Topic 718 to include share-based payment transactions for acquiring goods and services from nonemployees.
ASU 2018-07 is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2018, and interim periods within those fiscal years. Early
adoption is permitted. The Company has elected to early adopt ASU 2018-07. The adoption of this pronouncement had no impact on
our accompanying consolidated financial statements. In
July 2017, the FASB issued ASU 2017-11 (“ASU 2017-11”), Earnings Per Share (“Topic 260”), Distinguishing
Liabilities from Equity (“Topic 480”), and Derivatives and Hedging (“Topic 815”). ASU 2017-11
is intended to simplify the accounting for financial instruments with characteristics of liabilities and equity. Among the issues
addressed are: (i) determining whether an instrument (or embedded feature) is indexed to an entity’s own stock; (ii) distinguishing
liabilities from equity for mandatorily redeemable financial instruments of certain nonpublic entities; and (iii) identifying
mandatorily redeemable non-controlling interests. ASU 2017-11 was effective for the Company on January 1, 2019. There was no material
effect on the 2019 financial statements upon adoption. In
August 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-15, Statement of Cash Flows (Topic 230) (“ASU 2016-15”). ASU 2016-15
is intended to reduce the diversity in practice regarding how certain transactions are classified within the statement of cash
flows. ASU 2016-15 is effective for public business entities for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2017, including interim
periods within those fiscal years. There was no material effect on the 2019 and 2018 financial statements upon adoption. F- 19 ONDAS
HOLDINGS INC. NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS In
February 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-02, Leases . This guidance requires lessees to record most leases on their balance
sheet while recognizing expenses on their income statements in a manner similar to current accounting. The guidance also eliminates
current real estate-specific provisions for all entities. For lessors, the guidance modifies the classification criteria and the
accounting for sales-type and direct financing leases. The standard is effective for public business entities for annual periods
beginning after December 15, 2018, and interim periods within those years. Early adoption is permitted for all entities. In July
2018, the FASB amended the new leases standard and issued ASU 2018-11, Leases, (Topic 842): Targeted Improvements to give entities
another option for transition and to provide lessors with practical expedient. We adopted ASU 2016-02 on January 1, 2019 utilizing
the alternative transition method allowed for under ASU 2018-11. Comparative financial information was not adjusted and will continue
to be reported under ASC 840. We also elected the transition relief package of practical expedients and as a result we did not
assess (1) whether existing or expired contracts contain leases, (2) lease classification for any existing or expired leases,
and (3) whether lease origination costs qualified as initial direct costs. We elected the short-term lease practical expedient
by establishing an accounting policy to exclude leases with a term of 12 month or less. We elected not to separate lease components
from non-lease components for our specified asset classes. Additionally, the adoption of the new standard resulted in increased
disclosure requirements in our quarterly and annual filings. In
May 2014, the FASB issued ASU 2014-09, Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606). The standard’s core principle
is that a company will recognize revenue when it transfers promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects
the consideration to which the company expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. In doing so, companies
will need to use more judgment and make more estimates than under previous guidance. These may include identifying performance
obligations in the contract, estimating the amount of variable consideration to include in the transaction price and allocating
the transaction price to each separate performance obligation. In July 2015, the FASB approved the proposal to defer the effective
date of ASU 2014-09 standard by one year. In 2016, the FASB issued final amendments to clarify the implementation guidance for
principal versus agent considerations (ASU 2016-08), accounting for licenses of intellectual property and identifying performance
obligations (ASU 2016-10), narrow-scope improvements and practical expedients (ASU 2016-12) and technical corrections and improvements
to Topic 606 (ASU 2016-20) in its new revenue standard. The guidance is effective for public entities for annual reporting periods
beginning after December 15, 2017 and interim periods therein. Our services are performed over the term of our contracts and customers
are billed for those services as they are performed on a monthly basis. Revenue is recognized each month for the services that
have been provided to our customers. Additionally, we do not have significant exposure related to uncollectible accounts. We have
performed a review of the requirements of the new revenue standard and have performed our analysis of our customer contracts on
a portfolio basis (by each hospital group) utilizing the five-step model of the new standard. We have compared the results of
our analysis to our current accounting practices. We adopted Topic 606 on January 1, 2018 using the full retrospective transition
method for recognizing revenue. The adoption of Topic 606 represents a change in accounting principle that will more closely align
revenue recognition with the delivery of our services to our customers and will provide financial statement readers with enhanced
disclosures. The adoption of this standard did not have a material effect on the timing and recognition of revenue for the services
provided to our customers. F- 20 ONDAS
HOLDINGS INC. NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Recently
Issued Accounting Pronouncements In
December 2019, the FASB issued ASU 2019-12, Income Taxes (Topic 740): Simplifying the Accounting for Income Taxes ,
which removes certain exceptions for recognizing deferred taxes for investments, performing intraperiod tax allocation and calculating
income taxes in interim periods. ASU 2019-12 is applicable to all entities subject to income taxes. ASU 2019-12 provides guidance
to minimize complexity in certain areas by introducing a policy election to not allocate consolidated income taxes when a member
of a consolidated tax return is not subject to income tax and guides whether to relate a step-up tax basis to a business combination
or separate transaction. ASU 2019-12 changes the current guidance of making an intraperiod allocation, determining when a tax
liability is recognized after a foreign entity investor transitions to or from equity method of accounting, accounting for tax
law changes and year-to-date losses in interim periods, and determining how to apply income tax guidance to franchise taxes. The
amendments ASU 2019-12 are effective for all public business entities for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2020 and include
interim periods. The guidance is effective for all other entities for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2021 and for interim
periods beginning after December 15, 2022. Early adoption is permitted. The Company is evaluating impact on our accompanying consolidated financial statements. In
November 2019, the FASB issued ASU 2019-11, Codification Improvements to Topic 326, Financial Instruments-Credit Losses, which amends certain aspects of the Board’s new credit loss standard (ASC 326). ASU 2019-11 is applicable to companies that
hold financial assets in the scope of the credit losses standard. FASB permits to include the following in estimate if expected
credit losses: expected recoveries of financial assets previously written off and expected recoveries of financial assets with
credit deterioration. The scope of guidance related to expected recoveries includes purchased financial assets with credit deterioration.
ASU 2019-11 permits entities to record negative allowance when measuring expected credit losses for a purchased credit deteriorated
financial asset and expected recoveries cannot exceed the aggregate amount previously written off or expected to be written off.
When discounted cash flow method is not being used to estimate expected credit losses, expected recoveries cannot include any
amounts in an acceleration of the noncredit discount. An entity may include increases in expected cash flows after acquisition.
Early adoption is not permitted. The Company is evaluating impact on our accompanying consolidated financial statements. F- 21 ONDAS
HOLDINGS INC. NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS In
August 2018, the FASB, issued ASU, 2018-13 that eliminates certain disclosure requirements for fair value measurements for all
entities, requires public entities to disclose certain new information and modifies some disclosure requirements. The FASB developed
the amendments to ASC 820 as part of its broader disclosure framework project, which aims to improve the effectiveness of disclosures
in the notes to financial statements by focusing on requirements that clearly communicate the most important information to users
of the financial statements. The new guidance is effective for all entities for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2019
and for interim periods within those fiscal years. An entity is permitted to early adopt either the entire standard or only the
provisions that eliminate or modify requirements. We are currently evaluating the effect of this guidance on our disclosures. NOTE
3 – OTHER CURRENT ASSETS Other
current assets consist of the following: Years Ended December 31,
2019 | 2018
Advances for raw material purchases | $ | 450,691 | $ | -
Other prepaid expenses | 105,013 | 40,654
Prepaid insurance | 85,201 | 102,743
Prepaid marketing costs | 31,579 | 125,525
Deposits | 28,115 | 31,965
Miscellaneous receivables | - | 44,294
Prepaid financing costs | - | 188,300
Total other current assets | $ | 700,599 | $ | 533,481 F- 22 ONDAS
HOLDINGS INC. NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS NOTE
4 – PROPERTY AND EQUIPMENT Property
and equipment consist of the following: Years Ended December 31,
2019 | 2018
Leasehold improvements | $ | 58,613 | $ | 256,920
Vehicle | 149,916 | 143,560
Furniture and fixtures | 93,464 | 132,088
Test equipment | 20,493 | -
Computer equipment | 109,509 | 87,087
Software | 67,287 | 61,287
499,282 | 680,942
Less: accumulated depreciation | (247,036 | ) | (178,796 | )
Total property and equipment | $ | 252,246 | $ | 502,146 Depreciation
expense for the years ended December 31, 2019 and 2018 was $143,459 and $54,946, respectively. NOTE
5 – INTANGIBLE ASSETS Our
intangible assets include patent costs totaling $127,593 less amortization of patent costs of $1,249 at December 31, 2019. Our
intangible assets include patent costs totaling $53,482 less amortization of patent costs of $194 at December 31, 2018. Estimated
amortization expense for the next five years for the patent cost currently being amortized is as follows: Year Ending December 31, | Estimated Amortization
2020 | $ | 1,252
2021 | $ | 1,252
2022 | $ | 1,252
2023 | $ | 1,252
2024 | $ | 1,252 F- 23 ONDAS HOLDINGS INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS NOTE
6 – ACCRUED EXPENSES AND OTHER CURRENT LIABILITIES Accrued
expenses and other current liabilities consist of the following: Years Ended December 31,
2019 | 2018
Accrued payroll and other benefits | $ | 2,094,536 | $ | 1,659,577
Accrued interest | 437,569 | 138,605
Deferred revenue | 378,850 | 20,631
Accrued professional fees | 104,602 | 126,384
Other accrued expenses | 67,848 | -
D&O insurance financing payable | 33,660 | 52,530
Accrued rent and facilities costs | 24,584 | 160,544
Accrued travel and entertainment | - | 30,000
Total accrued expenses and other current liabilities | $ | 3,141,649 | $ | 2,188,271 NOTE
7 – NOTES PAYABLE AND OTHER FINANCING AGREEMENTS July
31, 2019 Amendment In
August 2019, effective as of July 31, 2019, the Company and certain lenders entered into amendments to their respective debt agreements
and promissory notes (the “July 31, 2019 Amendment”) wherein one lender extended the maturity date on its loan to
September 30, 2021 (the “September 2021 Extended Lender”) (described more fully below), and the remaining lenders
extended the maturity date of their loans to October 31, 2019. In addition to extending the maturity dates of the instruments
to October 31, 2019, the lenders agreed that if the Company completes an equity offering of not less than $8,000,000 (subsequently
reduced to $5,000,000 effective on September 6, 2019) on or before the maturity date, at or at less than a specified offering
price per security, the lenders shall extinguish their indebtedness in exchange for securities of the Company upon the same terms
and conditions of the investors in such equity offering, provided Energy Capital LLC (“Energy Capital”) participates
in an extinguishment of all the indebtedness owed to it under the Energy Capital Loan and Security Agreement (See NOTE 8 for further
details) in such equity offering. Loan
Agreements In October 2007, Ondas
Networks entered into a 6% per annum loan agreement, as amended, with a lender in the amount of $550,000 in connection with the
issuance of common stock of Ondas Networks (the “October 2007 Loan”); however, the October 2007 Loan was not memorialized.
The October 2007 Loan has been amended several times through June 30, 2019 (the “Amended October 2007 Loan”). Effective
July 31, 2019, Ondas Networks further amended the Amended October 2007 Loan, as described above under the July 31, 2019 Amendment.
On September 27, 2019, the lender exchanged $610,346 of principal and interest for 244,139 Units (see NOTE 9 for additional details).
Pursuant to the terms of the July 31, 2019 Amendment, the outstanding principal and interest at September 27, 2019 was extinguished.
The outstanding principal balance of the Amended October 2007 Loan at December 31, 2018 was $567,310. On December 31, 2013,
Ondas Networks entered into a 10% per annum Promissory Note, as amended, with a lender in the amount of $250,000, of which $25,000
was repaid in February 2015 (the “December 2013 Note”). The original maturity of the December 2013 Note was December
31, 2014. On November 1, 2014, Ondas Networks entered into a Loan Agreement, as amended, with the Lender in the amount of $210,000.
(the “November 2014 Loan”). The original maturity of the November 2014 Loan was March 16, 2015. The December 2013
Note and the November 2014 Loan have been amended several times and a portion of each note has been assigned through June 30,
2019 (the “Amended December 2013 Note” and Amended November 2014 Loan”, respectively). Effective July 31, 2019,
Ondas Networks further amended the Amended December 2013 Note and Amended November 2014 Loan, as described above under the July
31, 2019 Amendment. On September 27, 2019, the lenders exchanged $586,181 of principal and interest for 234,473 Units (see NOTE
9 for additional details). Pursuant to the terms of the July 31, 2019 Amendment, the outstanding principal and interest at September
27, 2019 was extinguished. The outstanding principal balance of the Amended December 2013 Note and the Amended November 2014 Loan
at December 31, 2018 was $285,679 and $259,170, respectively. F- 24 ONDAS
HOLDINGS INC. NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS On
April 1, 2015, Ondas Networks entered into a 10% per annum Loan Agreement, as amended, with two individuals in the amount of $50,000
(the “April 2015 Note”). The original maturity of the April 2015 Note was July 1, 2015. The April 2015 Note has been
amended several times through June 30, 2019 (the “Amended April 2015 Note”). Effective July 31, 2019, Ondas Networks
further amended the Amended April 2015 Note, as described above under the July 31, 2019 Amendment. On September 27, 2019, the
lender exchanged $71,556 of principal and interest for 28,623 Units (see NOTE 9 for additional details). Pursuant to the terms
of the July 31, 2019 Amendment, the outstanding principal and interest at September 27, 2019 was extinguished. The outstanding
principal balance of the April 2015 Note at December 31, 2018 was $66,511. Financing
Agreement On
November 3, 2016, Ondas Networks entered into a Purchase Order Financing Agreement with an accompanying 20% per annum Promissory
Note, as amended, with an individual in the amount of $250,000 (the “November 2016 Note”). The original maturity of
the November 2016 Note was the earlier of the payment of the purchase order for which the loan was advanced or 180 days after
issuance. On December 20, 2016, Ondas Networks entered into a second Purchase Order Financing Agreement with an accompanying 10%
per annum Promissory Note, as amended, with the same individual in the amount of $100,000 (the “December 2016 Note”).
The original maturity of the December 2016 Note was the earlier of the payment of the purchase order for which the loan was advanced
or 180 days after issuance. The November 2016 Note and the December 2016 Note have been amended several times through June 30,
2019 (the “Amended November 2016 Note” and Amended December 2016 Note”, respectively). Effective July 31, 2019,
Ondas Networks further amended the Amended November 2016 Note and Amended December 2016 Note, as described above under the July
31, 2019 Amendment. On September 27, 2019, the lender exchanged $433,131 of principal and interest for 173,252 Units (see NOTE
9 for additional details). Pursuant to the terms of the July 31, 2019, Amendment the outstanding principal and interest at September
27, 2019 was extinguished. The outstanding principal balance of the Amended November 2016 and Amended December 2016 Note at December
31, 2018 was $319,530 and $113,601, respectively. On
February 28, 2014, Ondas Networks entered into a Purchase Order Financing Agreement (the “Financing Agreement”) with
a lender. Interest on the Financing Agreement accrued at 30% per annum for the first 104 days and at 51% per annum thereafter.
Between June 2014 and January 2015, Ondas Networks received an aggregate of $660,000 of which $285,000 was repaid. The Financing
Agreement has been amended several times through June 30, 2019 (the “Amended Financing Agreement”). Effective July
31, 2019, Ondas Networks further amended the Amended Financing Agreement, as described above under the July 31, 2019 Amendment.
On September 27, 2019, the lender exchanged $1,030,593 of principal and interest for 412,238 Units (see NOTE 9 for additional
details). Pursuant to the terms of the July 31, 2019 Amendment, the outstanding principal and interest at September 27, 2019 was
extinguished. The outstanding principal balance of the Amended Financing Agreement at December 31, 2018 was $957,925. Promissory
Notes On
December 14, 2015, Ondas Networks approved a private placement offering (“Private Placement”) seeking to sell to investors
certain 10% promissory notes in the aggregate face amount of $750,000, which amount was later increased to $1,250,000, with a
term of 18 months (“Private Placement Notes”). In connection with the Private Placement Notes, each investor (the “Private
Placement Noteholders”) received warrants to purchase shares of common stock of Ondas Networks (“Private Placement Warrants”),
equal to 25% of the principal amount of the Private Placement Notes, exercisable at the lower of (i) $2.00 per share or (ii) 40%
of the selling price of Ondas Networks’ shares in its proposed initial public offering. In
December 2015, pursuant to the terms of security purchase agreements entered into in connection with the Private Placement, Ondas
Networks completed the sale of an aggregate of $325,000 in Private Placement Notes to Private Placement Noteholders, of which
$25,000 was repaid during 2017, and issued them Private Placement Warrants to purchase an aggregate of 81,250 shares of common
stock of Ondas Networks, with a term of ten years, at an exercise price of $2.00 and a fair value of $63,398. Between February
and July 2016, pursuant to the terms of such security purchase agreements, Ondas Networks completed the sale of an aggregate of
$925,000 in Private Placement Notes to Private Placement Noteholders and issued them Private Placement Warrants to purchase an
aggregate of 231,250 shares of Ondas Networks common stock, with a term of ten years, at an exercise price of $2.00 and a fair
value of $168,678. As of January 1, 2018, the Private Placement Warrants for the 312,500 shares of Ondas Networks common stock
were surrendered to Ondas Networks in exchange for participation in a private placement of Ondas Networks’ shares dated April
13, 2018. F- 25 ONDAS
HOLDINGS INC. NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS The
Private Placement Notes have been amended several times through June 30, 2019 (the “Amended Private Placement Notes”).
Effective July 31, 2019, Ondas Networks further amended the Amended Private Placement Notes, wherein (i) the September 2021 Extended
Lender agreed to transfer all accrued and unpaid interest through July 31, 2019 in the amount of $1,983 to principal, to extend
the maturity date to September 30, 2021, and to accrue interest from the date of the extension to the maturity date and (ii) all
other lender agreements were amended as described above under the July 31, 2019 Amendment. On September 27, 2019, the lenders,
excluding the September 2021 Extended Lender, exchanged $1,201,960 of principal and interest for 480,786 Units (see NOTE 9 for
additional details). Pursuant to the terms of the July 31, 2019 Amendment, the outstanding principal and interest at September
27, 2019 was extinguished. The aggregate outstanding principal balance of the Amended Private Placement Notes at December 31,
2019 and 2018 was $239,921 and $1,343,682, respectively. Convertible
Promissory Notes During
2017, Ondas Networks and certain entities and individuals entered into convertible promissory notes defined herein as (i) notes
with mutual conversion preferences (“Group 1 Notes”) and (ii) notes with unilateral conversion preferences (“Group
2 Notes”). On
July 11, 2018, the Ondas Networks board of directors approved certain changes to the outstanding convertible promissory notes.
The action approved changes to the Group 2 Notes to match the Group 1 Notes and authorized the issuance of a Security Holder Consent
Agreement wherein each holder of a Group 2 Note would agree to the change. The changes modified the conversion option for the
Group 2 Notes which resulted in a loss on extinguishment of debt in the amount of $44,348 and caused the derivative liability
related to the Group 2 Notes to cease to exist and be classified as additional paid in capital at its fair value on July 11, 2018
in the amount of $1,141,995. On September 28,
2018, in conjunction with the Merger Agreement discussed in NOTE 1, the holders of Group 1 Notes and all but one holder of
Group 2 Notes converted their outstanding convertible promissory notes into an aggregate of 2,017,402 Company Shares. At both
December 31, 2019 and 2018, the total outstanding balance of the remaining convertible promissory note
(the “Note”) was $300,000. The maturity date of the Note is based on the payment of 0.6% of quarterly gross
revenue until 1.5 times the amount of the Note is paid. On September 27, 2019, the holder of the Note was granted a warrant
to purchase 140,678 shares of common stock of the Company. The fair value of this warrant was recorded as financing costs on
the accompanying condensed consolidated financial statements. See NOTE 9 for further details. Notes
payable and other financing consists of: Years Ended December 31,
2019 | 2018
Short Term:
Loan Agreements | $ | - | $ | 1,178,670
Financing Agreement | - | 1,360,516
Promissory Notes | - | 1,343,682
$ | - | $ | 3,882,868
Long Term:
Promissory Note | $ | 239,921 | $ | -
Convertible Promissory Note | 300,000 | 300,000
$ | 539,921 | $ | 300,000 F- 26 ONDAS
HOLDINGS INC. NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS NOTE
8 – SECURED PROMISSORY NOTES Steward
Capital Holdings LP On March 9, 2018, we entered
into a loan and security agreement (the “Agreement”) with Steward Capital Holdings LP (the “Steward Capital”)
wherein Steward Capital made available to us a loan in the aggregate principal amount of up to $10,000,000 (the “Loan”).
On March 9, 2018, the Company and Steward Capital, pursuant to the Agreement, entered into a Secured Term Promissory Note for
$5,000,000, having a maturity date of September 9, 2019 (“Tranche A”). The Note bears interest at a per annum rate
equal to the greater of (a) 11.25% or (b) 11.25% plus the Prime Rate, less, 3.25%. The Agreement also includes payments of $25,000
in loan commitment fees and $100,000 (1%) of the funding in loan facility charges. The loan commitment fees and $50,000 in loan
facility charges associated with Tranche A were recorded as debt discount and amortized over the life of the loan. There is also
an end of term charge of $250,000. The end of term charge is being recorded as accreted costs over the term of the loan. The Note
is secured by substantially all of the assets of the Company. On October 9, 2018, the
Company and Steward Capital, pursuant to the Agreement, entered into a second Secured Term Promissory Note for $5,000,000 having
a maturity date of April 9, 2020 (the “Second Note”) to complete the Agreement for $10,000,000. The Second Note bears
interest at a per annum rate equal to the greater of (a) 11.25% or (b) 11.25% plus the Prime Rate, less, 3.25%. Pursuant to the
terms of the Agreement, the Company is required to pay a $50,000 loan facility charge. On June 18, 2019, the
Company and Steward Capital entered into a letter of agreement to amend the Loan and Security Agreement (the “First Amendment”)
to (i) extend and amend the Maturity Date, as defined in Section 1.1 of the Agreement, to read in its entirety “means September
9, 2020”; (ii) waive the repayment requirement to Steward Capital under Section 2.3 of the Agreement, in connection with
the then proposed public offering of the Company as described in the Company’s Registration Statement on Form S-1, as amended,
originally filed on April 12, 2019, and (iii) waive the restriction by Steward Capital on the prepayment of Indebtedness under
Section 7.4 of the Agreement. In connection with the waivers, extension and amendment, the Company agreed to pay to Steward Capital,
upon the earlier of (a) the completion of the public offering as set forth in Section 2.3 of the Agreement and (b) ten (10) days
following the Company’s receipt of Steward’s written demand therefor, a fee equal to three percent (3%) of the current
outstanding principal balance of the Loan (as defined in the Agreement), neither of which have occurred at the time of this filing.
The Company concluded that the modifications created by the First Amendment resulted in a troubled debt restructuring under Accounting
Standard Codification—Debt (Topic 470) as it was determined that a concession was granted by Steward Capital. However, as
the future payments to be made subsequent to the modification are greater than the carrying value at the time of the modification,
no gain or loss was required to be recognized on the troubled debt restructuring. As the difference between the effective interest
rate method and the straight-line method is deemed immaterial, the Company will continue to amortize the deferred loan costs using
the straight-line method over the remaining term of the Loan. On October 28, 2019, Company
and Steward Capital entered into a letter of agreement (the “Second Amendment”) to amend the Agreement, as amended
wherein the parties agreed to (i) extend and amend the due date for all accrued and unpaid interest starting September 2, 2019
to the Maturity Date (September 9, 2020) and (ii) extend and amend the due date for the 3% fee payable to Steward Capital in connection
with the amendment and waiver dated June 2019 to be payable on the Maturity Date. Also in connection with the extensions and amendments
the Company issued Steward Capital 120,000 shares of the Company’s common stock valued at $300,000 on December 15, 2019. The value
was recorded as debt discount and amortized over the life of the loan. The Company concluded that the modifications created by
the Second Amendment resulted in a troubled debt restructuring under Accounting Standard Codification—Debt (Topic 470) as
it was determined that a concession was granted by Steward Capital. However, as the future payments to be made subsequent to the
modification are greater than the carrying value at the time of the modification, no gain or loss was required to be recognized
on the troubled debt restructuring. As the difference between the effective interest rate method and the straight-line method
is deemed immaterial, the Company will continue to amortize the deferred loan costs using the straight-line method over the remaining
term of the Loan. The
Agreement also contains covenants which included certain restrictions with respect to subsequent indebtedness, liens, loans and
investments, asset sales and share repurchases and other restricted payments, subject to certain exceptions. The Agreement also
contained financial reporting obligations. An event of default under the Agreement includes, but is not limited to, breach of
covenants, insolvency, and occurrence of any default under any agreement or obligation of the Company. In addition, the Agreement
contained a customary material adverse effect clause which states that in the event of a material adverse effect, an event of
default would occur, and the lender has the option to accelerate and demand payment of all or any part of the loan. A material
adverse effect is defined in the Agreement as a material change in our business, operations, properties, assets or financial condition
or a material impairment of its ability to perform all obligations under its Agreement. As
of December 31, 2019, the principal balance was $10,000,000, net of debt discount of $252,933 and accreted cost of $359,828 and
accrued interest was $437,569. F- 27 ONDAS
HOLDINGS INC. NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Energy
Capital, LLC On
October 1, 2018, we entered into a loan and security agreement (the “ Loan and
Security Agreement”) with Energy Capital, LLC (“Energy
Capital”) wherein Energy Capital made available to us an aggregate principal amount of up to $10,000,000 (the
“Loan”). Between January 29 and August 13, 2019, the Company and Energy Capital entered into a series of secured
term promissory notes (the “Promissory Notes”) for an aggregate of $10,000,000. The
advance proceeds were utilized primarily for operating capital and inventory. The principal amount outstanding under the
Promissory Notes bear interest at a per annum rate equal to the greater of (a) 11.25% or (b) 11.25% plus the Prime
Rate (as published by the Wall Street Journal (National Edition)), less 3.25%. The Promissory Notes contain customary events
of default and affirmative and negative covenants for transactions of this nature. Upon an event of default, Energy Capital
has the right to require the Company to prepay the outstanding principal amount of the Promissory Notes plus all accrued and
unpaid interest. All amounts outstanding under the Promissory Notes are secured by a lien on the Company’s assets,
subject to terms of outstanding debt obligations, and become due and payable on the earlier to occur of September 30, 2019 or
the completion by the Company of a capital raise with minimum proceeds to the Company of $20 million. On April 2,
2019, the Company and Energy Capital entered into a First Amendment to Loan and Security Agreement (the “First
Amendment”) to (i) amend the notice provisions of an Advance Request under the Loan Agreement from at least five (5)
business days to at least one (1) business day before the Advance Date, (ii) increase the amount of the Advance from up to
$1,000,000 a month to up to $1,500,000 a month, and (iii) change the definition of the term Maturity Date from the earlier of
September 30, 2019 or 10 business days following the date of an Underwritten Public Offering to September 30, 2020. The
Promissory Notes, with an aggregate of $10,563,104 principal and interest outstanding, were converted into 4,225,242 Units
(see NOTE 9 for additional details), and the debt owed under the Promissory Notes was extinguished. As a result, the Promissory Notes
terminated pursuant to their terms. NOTE
9 – STOCKHOLDERS’ EQUITY Preferred
Stock At
December 31, 2019, the Company had 10,000,000 shares of Preferred Stock, par value $0.0001, authorized for issuance, of which
no shares of preferred stock were issued or outstanding. Common
Stock At
December 31, 2019, the Company had 350,000,000 shares of Common Stock, par value $0.0001 (the “Common Stock”) authorized
for issuance, of which 59,268,085 shares of our Common Stock were issued and outstanding. Securities
Purchase Agreement On
September 27, 2019, Ondas Holdings entered into a securities purchase agreement (the “Purchase Agreement”) with certain
purchasers (the “Investors”), which provided for the sale of up to $12,500,000 of Units (including an over-allotment
option exercisable by the placement agent for the Company to sell up to an additional $2,500,000 of Units) at a cash purchase
price of $2.50 per Unit (the “Offering”). Each Unit consists of one share of Common Stock and one-half of one warrant
to purchase one share of Common Stock at an exercise price of $3.25 per share for a period commencing six months and ending 36
months after the closing date (the “Investor Warrants”). On
September 27, 2019 (the “Initial Closing Date”), pursuant to the Purchase Agreement, the Company issued an
aggregate of 2,426,000 Units to the Investors (the “Initial Closing”). In connection with the Initial Closing,
Eric Brock, the Company’s Chief Executive Officer, purchased 400,000 Units totaling $1,000,000. The aggregate gross proceeds to
the Company from the Initial Closing was $6,065,000. F- 28 ONDAS
HOLDINGS INC. NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS On
October 30, 2019 (the “Second Closing Date”), pursuant to the Purchase Agreement, the Company issued an aggregate
of 206,000 Units to the Investors (the “Second Closing”). The aggregate gross proceeds to the Company from the Second
Closing was $515,000. On
November 27, 2019 (the “Third Closing Date”), pursuant to the Purchase Agreement, the Company issued an aggregate
of 253,600 Units to the Investors (the “Third Closing”). The aggregate gross proceeds to the Company from the Third
Closing was $634,000. The
table below details the net proceeds of the Offering. Gross Proceeds:
Initial Closing | $ | 6,065,000
Second Closing | 515,000
Third Closing | 634,000
7,214,000
Offering Costs:
Placement Agent fees | (721,400 | )
Other offering costs | (382,878 | )
Net Proceeds | $ | 6,109,722 Pursuant
to the Purchase Agreement, the Company has agreed to indemnify the Investors for liabilities arising out of or relating to (i)
any breach of any of the representations, warranties, covenants or agreements made by the Company or its subsidiary in the Purchase
Agreement or related documents or (ii) any action instituted against an Investor with respect to the Offering, subject to certain
exceptions. The Purchase Agreement also contains customary representations and warranties and covenants of the Company and was
subject to customary closing conditions. In
addition, on the Initial Closing Date, the Company entered into a registration rights agreement (the “Registration Rights
Agreement”) with the Investors, pursuant to which the Company agreed to register for resale by the Investors the shares
of Common Stock and the shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of the Investor Warrants purchased by the Investors pursuant
to the Purchase Agreement. The Company previously committed to file the registration statement no later than October 27, 2019,
however it filed the registration statement December 5, 2019. The Registration Rights Agreement provides for liquidated damages
upon the occurrence of certain events, including the Company’s failure to file the registration statement by the deadline
set forth above. The amount of liquidated damages payable to an Investor is 1.0% of the aggregate amount invested by such Investor
for each 30-day period, or pro rata portion thereof, during which the default continues. To date the Company has paid $60,650
and accrued $19,053 in liquidated damages. Also, in connection with the Offering, the Company’s executive officers and directors
entered into lock-up agreements with the Placement Agent (as defined below) that restrict their ability to sell or transfer their
shares for a period of 180 days after the Initial Closing Date (the “Lock-Up Agreement”). National
Securities Corporation, a wholly owned subsidiary of National Holdings, Inc., acted as placement agent (the “Placement Agent”)
in the Offering. As detailed above, the Placement Agent received an aggregate cash fee of $721,400, or 10.0% of the gross proceeds
raised in connection with the Offering, reimbursement of transaction expenses of $40,000 (included in Other offering costs above),
and warrants to purchase an aggregate of 288,560 shares of Common Stock at an exercise price equal to $3.25 per share (the “Placement
Agent Warrants”). The Placement Agent Warrants are exercisable for a period commencing six months and ending 36 months after
the Initial Closing Date. F- 29 ONDAS
HOLDINGS INC. NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS The
Units were offered and sold exclusively to accredited investors, and the Placement Agent Warrants were offered and sold to the
Placement Agent, in a transaction exempt from registration under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities
Act”), as a transaction not involving a public offering, pursuant to Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act and Rule 506
of Regulation D promulgated thereunder. The Investors and the Placement Agent represented their intentions to acquire the securities
for investment only and not with a view to or for sale in connection with any distribution thereof, and appropriate legends were
placed upon the stock certificates, Investor Warrants and Placement Agent Warrants issued in the transaction. The offer and sale
of the securities were made without any general solicitation or advertising. Conversion
of Notes Payable and Other Financing Agreements In
connection with the Initial Closing, on the Initial Closing Date, the notes payable and other financing agreements (the “Debt
Obligations”) (see NOTE 7 for further details), with an aggregate of $3,933,767 principal and interest outstanding, were
converted into an aggregate of 1,573,511 Units. Conversion
of Loan and Security Agreement with Energy Capital, LLC In
connection with the Initial Closing, on the Initial Closing Date, the Loan and Security Agreement by and between the Company and
Energy Capital, a greater than five percent stockholder of the Company, with an aggregate of $10,563,104 principal and interest
outstanding, was converted into of 4,225,242 Units. Issuance
of Common Stock On
December 15, 2019, the Company issued 120,000 shares of its common stock to Steward Capital in conjunction with an amendment to
loan and security agreement (See NOTE 8 for further details). Warrants
to Purchase Common Stock We
use the Black-Scholes-Merton option pricing model (“Black-Scholes Model”) to determine the fair value of warrants to
purchase Common Stock of the Company (“Warrants”). The Black-Scholes Model is an acceptable model in accordance with
the GAAP. The Black-Scholes Model requires the use of a number of assumptions including volatility of the stock price, the weighted
average risk-free interest rate, and the weighted average term of the Warrant. The
risk-free interest rate assumption is based upon observed interest rates on zero coupon U.S. Treasury bonds whose maturity period
is appropriate for the term of the Warrants. Estimated volatility is a measure of the amount by which our stock price is expected
to fluctuate each year during the expected life of the award. Our estimated volatility is an average of the historical volatility
of peer entities whose stock prices were publicly available over a period equal to the expected life of the awards. We used the
historical volatility of peer entities due to the lack of sufficient historical data of our stock price. As
of December 31, 2019, we had Warrants outstanding to purchase an aggregate of 4,771,417 shares of Common Stock with a weighted-average
contractual remaining life of approximately 2.8 years, and exercise prices ranging from $0.01 to $3.25 per share, resulting in
a weighted average exercise price of $3.15 per share. At December 31, 2019, no warrants were exercised. On
September 27, 2019, we granted an aggregate of 4,495,657 3-year Warrants to participants in our Securities Purchase Agreement
(see above for further details). The Warrants vested on the date of the grant and had a grant date fair value of $0.33 per share.
Also, on September 27, 2019, we granted a Warrant to an individual lender for the purchase of an aggregate of 140,678 shares of
Common Stock (see NOTE 7 for further details). The Warrant vested on the date of the grant, expires on September 26, 2024 and
has a grant date fair value of $2.49 per share. F- 30 ONDAS
HOLDINGS INC. NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS On
October 30, 2019, we granted an aggregate of 123,600 3-year Warrants to participants in our Securities Purchase Agreement (see
above for further details). The Warrants vested on the date of the grant and had a grant date fair value of $0.35 per share. On
November 27, 2019, we granted an aggregate of 152,160 3-year Warrants to participants in our Securities Purchase Agreement (see
above for further details). The Warrants vested on the date of the grant and had a grant date fair value of $0.34 per share. The
assumptions used in the Black-Scholes Model are set forth in the table below. Stock price | $ | 2.50
Risk-free interest rate | 1.58-1.63 | %
Volatility | 38.50-39.57 | %
Expected life in years | 3-5
Dividend yield | 0.00 | % Equity
Incentive Plan In
connection with the Closing, our board of directors (the “Board”) approved, and our stockholders adopted, the 2018
Equity Incentive Plan (the “2018 Plan”) pursuant to which 10 million shares of our Common Stock has been reserved
for issuance to employees, including officers, directors and consultants. The 2018 Plan shall be administered by the Board, provided
however, that the Board may delegate such administration to the compensation committee (the “Committee”). Subject
to the provisions of the 2018 Plan, the Board and/or the Committee shall have authority to grant, in its discretion, incentive
stock options, or non-statutory options, stock awards or restricted stock purchase offers (“Equity Awards”). In
August 2019, pursuant to the terms of Severance Agreements, 675,000 incentive stock options with deferred distribution were promised
to two former employees of the Company pursuant to the 2018 Plan (both employees participated in the restricted stock purchase
offers (“RSUs”) discussed below). For the year ended December 31, 2019, $435,312 in related stock compensation expense
has been recorded and is included in the accompanying consolidated financial statements. During
2018, the Company entered into an agreement wherein 378,478 RSUs with deferred distribution were promised to a consultant for
the Company pursuant to the 2018 Plan. For the year ended December 31, 2019, $50,599 in related stock compensation expense
has been recorded and is included in the accompanying consolidated financial statements. The Company has not yet executed the
RSU agreement with the consultant. Also during 2018, the Company entered into agreements where an aggregate of 408,478 RSUs
pursuant to the 2018 Plan were promised to employees for services provided during 2019. In August 2019, certain employees
were terminated and, in accordance with their separation agreements, any liabilities related to their promised RSUs were
eliminated. Accordingly, the Company has recorded expense of $71,789 for the year ended December 31, 2019, with respect to
such awards which is included in the accompanying consolidated financial statements. The Company has not yet executed RSU
agreements with the remaining employees. The total amount of non-vested restricted units awarded as of December 31, 2019 is
$143,804 shares. The weighted average grant-date fair value for the restricted stock awards is $0.25. The weighted average
vesting period of the restricted stock awards is 2.0 years. As of December 31, 2019, unrecognized compensation expense
related to the unvested portion of the Company’s restricted stock awards was $42,759, which is expected to be
recognized over a weighted average period of 0.75 years. F- 31 ONDAS
HOLDINGS INC. NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS The
Company recognizes stock compensation expense generally upon the grant date and over the period of vesting or period that services
will be provided. Compensation associated with shares issued or to be issued to consultants and other non-employees is recognized
over the expected service period beginning on the measurement date which is generally the time the Company and the service provider
enter into a commitment whereby the Company agrees to grant shares in exchange for the services to be provided. As
of December 31, 2019, the Board has not approved the grant of any Equity Awards under the 2018 Plan. NOTE
10 – INCOME TAXES The
tax effects of temporary differences that give rise to significant portions of the deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities
are as follows: Years Ended December 31,
2019 | 2018
Deferred Tax Assets:
Tax benefit of net operating loss carry-forward | $ | 11,828,268 | $ | 6,465,826
Depreciation and amortization | 27,949 | (5,102 | )
Accrued liabilities | 360,204 | 261,876
Stock based compensation | 34,493 | -
Interest Expense | - | 740,285
R&D Credit | 851,413 | 393,165
Total deferred tax assets | 13,102,327 | 7,856,050
Valuation allowance for deferred tax assets | (13,102,327 | ) | (7,856,050 | )
Deferred tax assets, net of valuation allowance | $ | - | $ | - The
change in the Company’s valuation allowance is as follows: Years Ended December 31,
2019 | 2018
Beginning of the year | $ | 7,856,050 | $ | 4,726,411
Change in valuation account | 5,246,277 | 3,129,639
End of the year | $ | 13,102,327 | $ | 7,856,050 F- 32 ONDAS
HOLDINGS INC. NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS A
reconciliation of the provision for income taxes with the amounts computed by applying the Federal income tax rate to income from
operations before the provision for income taxes is as follows: Years Ended December 31,
2018 | 2018
U.S. federal statutory rate | (21.0 | )% | (21.0 | )%
Federal true ups | 0.8 | %
State taxes, net of federal benefit | (6.2 | )% | (6.9 | )%
Share-based compensation | - | % | - | %
Effect of U.S. tax law change | - | % | - | %
Change in valuation allowance | 27.1 | % | 25.8 | %
Nondeductible expenses | 0.5 | % | 2.0 | %
R&D credit | (2.4 | )% | (3.2 | )%
Stock Options | - | % | 3.3 | %
Foreign rate differential | (0.2 | )%
China liquidation | 1.4 | %
Effective income tax rate | - | % | - | % In
assessing the realizability of deferred tax assets, including the net operating loss carryforwards (NOLs), the Company assesses
the available positive and negative evidence to estimate if sufficient future taxable income will be generated to utilize its
existing deferred tax assets. The ultimate realization of deferred tax assets is dependent upon the generation of future taxable
income during the period when those temporary differences become deductible. Based on its assessment, the Company has provided
a full valuation allowance against its net deferred tax assets as their future utilization remains uncertain at this time. As
of December 31, 2019 and 2018, the Company had approximately $42 million and $23 million respectively of Federal and state NOLs
available to offset future taxable income with $23 million expiring from 2030 through 2037 while the Federal NOL of $17 Million
generated in 2019 has no expiration. As of December 31, 2019 and 2018, the Company had approximately $851,000 and $393,000, respectively
of Federal research and development credits available to offset future tax liability expiring from 2030 through 2039. In accordance
with Section 382 of the Internal Revenue code, the usage of the Company’s Federal Carryforwards could be limited in the
event of a change in ownership. As of December 31, 2019 the company has not completed an analysis as to whether or not an ownership
change has occurred. The
Company applies the FASB’s provisions for uncertain tax positions. The Company utilizes the two-step process to determine
the amount of recognized tax benefit. For tax positions meeting the more-likely-than-not threshold, the amount recognized in the
consolidated financial statements is the largest benefit that has a greater than 50% likelihood of being realized upon ultimate
settlement with the relevant tax authority. The Company recognizes interest and penalties associated with uncertain tax positions
as a component of income tax expense. As
of December 31, 2019, management does not believe the Company has any material uncertain tax positions that would require it to
measure and reflect the potential lack of sustainability of a position on audit in its financial statements. The Company will
continue to evaluate its uncertain tax positions in future periods to determine if measurement and recognition in its financial
statements is necessary. The Company does not believe there will be any material changes in its unrecognized tax positions over
the next year. F- 33 ONDAS
HOLDINGS INC. NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS On
December 22, 2017, the U.S. Tax Cuts and Jobs Act (“Tax Cuts and Jobs Act”) was enacted which contained substantial
changes to the Code, some of which could have an adverse effect on our business. Among other things, the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act
(i) reduces the U.S. corporate income tax rate from 35% to 21% beginning in 2018, (ii) generally will limit annual deductions
for net interest expense to no more than 30% of our “adjusted taxable income,” plus 100% of our business interest income
for the year, and (iii) will permit a taxpayer to offset only 80% (rather than 100%) of its taxable income with any U.S. net operating
losses (“NOLs”) generated for taxable years beginning after 2017. The U.S. Department of Treasury has broad authority
to issue regulations and interpretative guidance that may significantly impact how we will apply the law and impact our results
of operations in the period issued. While the U.S. Department of the Treasury has issued some proposed regulations since the enactment
of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, additional guidance is likely forthcoming. The measurement period allowed by Staff Accounting Bulletin
(“SAB”) No. 118 has closed during the fourth quarter of 2018. The prospects of supplemental legislation or regulatory
processes to address uncertainties that arise because of the Act, or evolving technical interpretations of the tax law, may cause
our financial statements to be impacted in the future. We will continue to analyze the effects of the Act as subsequent guidance
continues to emerge. NOTE
11 – COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES Legal
Proceedings We
may be involved in legal proceedings, claims and assessments arising in the ordinary course of business. Such matters are subject
to many uncertainties, and outcomes are not predictable with assurance. There are no such loss contingencies that are included
in the financial statements as of December 31, 2019. Operating
Leases On
November 11, 2013, Ondas Networks entered into a three-year lease agreement for 5,858 square feet of office space at 687 North
Pastoria Avenue, Sunnyvale, California expiring on December 31, 2017 with a base rent ranging from $2,929 to $9,079 per month
plus certain various expenses incurred (the “North Pastoria Lease”). On October 16, 2017, Ondas Networks extended
the lease agreement for an additional three years with an expiration date of December 31, 2020 (“2018 Extension”).
Rent expense for the years ended December 31, 2019 and 2018 related to the North Pastoria Lease was $170,148 and $170,151, respectively.
The base rent in the 2018 Extension is $15,231 for 2020. In late 2018, we vacated this location and completed our move into the
location described below. In late January 2020, we entered into a sublease agreement of the North Pastoria Lease for the remainder
of the lease term (see NOTE 13 for further details). The
future minimum lease payments related to the North Pastoria Lease is as follows: Year Ending December 31, 2020
North Pastoria Lease | $ | 182,772
Sublease (see NOTE 13) | (106,323 | )
Net payments in 2020 | $ | 76,449 On
October 30, 2018, Ondas Networks entered into a Sublease with Texas Instruments Sunnyvale Incorporated, regarding the sublease
of approximately 21,982 square feet of rentable space at 165 Gibraltar Court, Sunnyvale, CA 94089 (the “Gibraltar Sublease”),
constituting the entire first floor of the premises (except the lobby and two stairwells), as defined under that certain Lease
dated April 12, 2004, as amended by the First Lease Amendment dated March 15, 2005, a Second Amendment to Lease dated November
30, 2005, and a Third Amendment to Lease dated November 30, 2010 between Gibraltar Sunnyvale Holdings LLC and Texas Instruments
Sunnyvale Incorporated. The Sublease began on November 1, 2018 and ends on February 28, 2021 at a base monthly rent of $28,577.
A security deposit of $28,577 was paid upon execution of the Sublease. Rent expense for the year ended December 31, 2019 and November
and December 31, 2018 related to the Gibraltar Sublease was $312,301 and $52,050, respectively. F- 34 ONDAS
HOLDINGS INC. NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS The
future minimum lease payments related to the Gibraltar Sublease are as follows: Years Ending December 31,
2020 | $ | 342,924
2021 | $ | 57,154 NOTE
12 – RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS At
the Closing, we entered into a Loan and Security Agreement with Energy Capital, a greater than 10% stockholder of the Company,
pursuant to which Energy Capital loaned the Company an aggregate principal amount of $10 million (see NOTE 8 for further details).
The Promissory Notes, with an aggregate of $10,563,104 principal and interest outstanding, were converted into 4,225,242 Units
in the aforementioned Purchase Agreement (see NOTE 9 for further details), and the debt owed under the Promissory Notes was extinguished.
Also, in connection with the Purchase Agreement, Eric Brock, the Company’s Chief Executive Officer, purchased 400,000 Units
totaling $1,000,000. NOTE
13 – SUBSEQUENT EVENTS On
November 11, 2013, the Company entered into a three-year lease agreement for office space at 687 North Pastoria Avenue, Sunnyvale,
California expiring on December 31, (the “North Pastoria Lease”). On October 16, 2017, the Company extended the lease
agreement for an additional three years with an expiration date of December 31, 2020 (“2018 Extension”). On January
24, 2020, the Company and a third party (the “Sublessee”) entered a Sublease agreement (the “Sublease”),
wherein the Sublessee will occupy the premises for the remainder of the term of the 2018 Extension. The Sublessee will make payments
total $106,323 ($9,666 per month) for the remaining 11 months. Between April 16 and
December 31, 2019, we accrued $141,667 for salary owed during 2019 to Mr. Brock, the Company's Chief Executive Officer. On March
12, 2020, Mr. Brock waived accrued payroll amounts in the amount of $141,667. On March 12, 2020,
Stewart Kantor, the Company’s Chief Financial Officer, waived accrued payroll amounts in the amount of $8,334. F- 35 Item 9. | Changes In and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosures. None. Item 9A. | Controls and Procedures Disclosure
Controls and Procedures The
Company’s management, with the participation of the Company’s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer,
have evaluated the effectiveness of the Company’s disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and
15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “Exchange Act”)) as of December 31, 2019. Based
on that evaluation, the Company’s Chief Executive Officer and the Company’s Chief Financial Officer have concluded
that as of the period ended December 31, 2019, due to the existence of the material weakness in the Company’s internal control
over financial reporting described below, the Company’s disclosure controls and procedures were not effective. Management’s
Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting Our
senior management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. Internal
control over financial reporting is defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) promulgated under the Exchange Act as a process designed
by, or under the supervision of, our principal executive and principal financial officers, or persons performing similar functions,
and effected by our Board, senior management and other personnel, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of
financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with U.S. GAAP. Because
of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections
of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes
in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. We continue to review our internal
control over financial reporting and may from time to time make changes aimed at enhancing their effectiveness and to ensure that
our systems evolve with our business. Under
the supervision and with the participation of management, including the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, we
conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting based on the framework in “Internal
Control — Integrated Framework (2013)” issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission
(COSO). Based on the control deficiencies identified during this evaluation and set forth below, our senior management has concluded
that we did not maintain effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2019 due to the existence of a
material weakness in internal control over financial reporting as described below. As set forth below,
management will take steps to remediate the control deficiencies identified below. Notwithstanding the control deficiencies described
below, we have performed additional analyses and other procedures to enable management to conclude that our consolidated financial
statements included in this Form 10-K fairly present, in all material respects, our financial condition and results of operations
as of and for the quarter ended December 31, 2019. Material
Weakness A
material weakness is a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, in internal controls over financial reporting, such that
there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of the Company’s annual or interim financial statements will
not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. Management
has determined that the Company did not maintain effective internal control over financial reporting as of the period ended December
31, 2019 due to the existence of the following material weakness identified by management: Lack
of Segregation of Duties and Accounting Resources Due
to our limited accounting staff, the Company’s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer were responsible for
initiating transactions, had custody of assets, recorded transactions and prepared financial reports. Therefore, it was determined
that the Company had inadequate segregation of duties in place related to its financial reporting and other management oversight
procedures due to the lack of accounting resources. Accordingly,
management has determined that these control deficiencies constitute a material weakness. During 2019, management began implementing the Remediation Plan described herein and intends to continue working on it through the year ended
December 31, 2020. 47 Management’s
Remediation Plan Management
believes that progress has been made during the year ended December 31, 2019, and through the date of this report, to remediate
the underlying causes of the material weakness in internal control over financial reporting. Management intends to remediate the
material weakness in the following manner: ● | Identify and employ full time additional senior level accounting personnel to join the corporate accounting function in order to enhance overall monitoring and accounting oversight within the Company; ● | continue to engage third-party subject matter experts to aid in identifying and applying US GAAP rules related to complex financial instruments as well as to enhance the financial reporting function; ● | design and implement additional internal controls and policies to ensure that we routinely review and document our application of established significant accounting policies; and ● | implement additional systems and technologies to enhance the timeliness and reliability of financial data within the organization. Changes
in internal control over financial reporting Other
than the Remediation Plan set forth above, there were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting identified
in management’s evaluation pursuant to Rules 13a-15(d) or 15d-15(d) of the Exchange Act during the three months ended
December 31, 2019 that materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over
financial reporting. Limitations
on Effectiveness of Controls and Procedures In
designing and evaluating the disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting, management recognizes
that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving
the desired control objectives. In addition, the design of disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial
reporting must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints and that management is required to apply judgment in evaluating
the benefits of possible controls and procedures relative to their costs. Item 9B. | Other Information. On March 12, 2020,
the Board of Directors of the Company adopted an Amended and Restated Code of Business Conduct and Ethics (the “Amended
Code”), which applies to all officers, directors, employees and agents of the Company. The Amended Code replaced the Ondas
Code of Business Conduct and Ethics adopted on September 28, 2018 (the “Prior Code”) and reflects, among other matters,
certain updates to conform the Amended Code to current governance best practices and the Nasdaq governance requirements. The replacement
of the Prior Code with the Amended Code did not relate to or result in any waiver, explicit or implicit, of any provision of the
Prior Code. Also on March 12, 2020,
the Board adopted amended and restated charters of the Audit Committee, Compensation Committee and Nominating and Corporate Governance
Committee and a set of corporate governance principles to conform to current governance best practices and the Nasdaq governance
requirements. Our common stock remains
quoted on the OTCQB under the symbol “ONDS.” The foregoing descriptions
of the Amended Code, the charters and the corporate governance principles are qualified in their entirety by reference to the full
text of the Amended Code, the charters and the corporate governance principles, copies of which are publicly available in the corporate
governance section of the Company’s website at: www.ondas.com. Also, on March 12,
2020, Eric Brock and Stewart Kantor waived accrued payroll amounts in the amount of $141,667 and $8,334, respectively. See
Part III – Item 11 – Executive Compensation for further details. 48 PART III Item 10. | Directors, Executive Officers, and Corporate Governance. Directors, Executive Officers, Promoters
and Control Persons The following table
sets forth information on our executive officers and directors as of the filing of this Report. The terms of service for each of
our directors expires at our next annual meeting of shareholders or until their successors are duly elected and qualified. We do
not have any promoters or control persons. Name | Age | Position
Eric A. Brock | 49 | Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
Stewart Kantor | 57 | Director, President, Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer and Secretary
Richard M. Cohen | 69 | Director
Richard H. Silverman | 80 | Director
Derek Reisfield | 57 | Director Family Relationships There are no family
relationships between our officers and members of our Board. Business Experience of Directors and
Executive Officers The business experience
of each of our directors and executive officers follows. Information About Our Executive Officers Eric A. Brock – Chairman of the
Board and Chief Executive Officer Mr.
Brock was elected as one of our directors and was appointed as our President, Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer,
Secretary and Treasurer on June 28, 2018. On September 28, 2018, following the completion of the Acquisition, he was appointed
Chairman of the Board and resigned from the positions of Chief Financial Officer, Secretary and Treasurer. Mr. Brock also serves
as Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer of Ondas Networks Inc. since September 28, 2018. Mr. Brock is an entrepreneur
with over 20 years of global banking and investing experience. He served as a founding Partner and Portfolio Manager with Clough
Capital Partners, a Boston-based investment firm from 2000 to 2017. Prior to Clough, Mr. Brock was an investment banker at Bear,
Stearns & Co. and an accountant at Ernst & Young, LLP. Mr. Brock holds an MBA from the University of Chicago and a BS from
Boston College. Our Board believes that Mr. Brock’s experience in the public markets makes him well qualified to serve on our Board. Stewart Kantor – Director, President, Chief Financial
Officer, Treasurer and Secretary Mr.
Kantor was elected as one of our directors and was appointed as our President, Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer and Secretary
on September 28, 2018 following the completion of the Acquisition. Mr. Kantor is a co-founder of Ondas Networks Inc. and had served
as its Chief Executive Officer since inception on February 16, 2006 until the completion of the Acquisition. He now serves as President,
Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer and Secretary of Ondas Networks Inc. Mr. Kantor brings 27 years of experience in the wireless
industry including senior level positions in business and product development, and marketing and finance at AT&T Wireless,
BellSouth International and Nokia Siemens Networks. Since 2004, Mr. Kantor has focused exclusively on the development of private
wireless data network technology for mission critical industries including electric utilities, oil and gas companies and the transportation
industries. Mr. Kantor obtained his B.A. in Political Science from Columbia University in 1984 and an MBA in Finance from the Wharton
School in 1991. We believe Mr. Kantor’s industry background and experience makes him well qualified to serve on our Board. 49 Non-Management Directors Richard M. Cohen – Director Mr. Cohen was elected
as a director of Ondas Holdings Inc. on September 28, 2018. Previously, he had served as a member of the Board of Ondas Networks
Inc. since April 2016. He has been the President of Richard M Cohen Consultants since 1995, a company providing financial consulting
services to both public and private companies. From March 2012 to July 2015, he was the Founder and Managing Partner of Chord Advisors,
a firm providing outsourced CFO services to both public and private companies. From May 2012 to August 2013, he was the Interim
CEO and member of the Board of Directors of CorMedix Inc. (NYSE: CRMD). From July 2008 to August 2012, Mr. Cohen was a member of
the Audit Committee of Rodman and Renshaw, an investment banking firm. From July 2001 to August 2012, he was a partner with Novation
Capital until its sale to a private equity firm. Mr. Cohen holds a BS with honors from the University of Pennsylvania (Wharton),
an MBA from Stanford University and a CPA from New York State. He is considered an expert to Chair the Audit Committee of a publicly
traded company. We believe that Mr. Cohen’s educational background and financial experience supporting publicly traded companies
including as a CEO and Board member of a public traded company on the New York Stock Exchange makes him well qualified to serve
on our Board. Richard H. Silverman – Director Mr. Silverman was elected
as a director of Ondas Holdings Inc. on September 28, 2018. Previously, he had served as a member of the Board of Ondas Networks
Inc. since April 2016. Mr. Silverman is a well-recognized and respected professional in the energy industry in Arizona and on a
national level. He is past Chair of the board of directors for the Electric Power Research Institute; past Chair and former steering
committee member of the Large Public Power Council; and former executive committee member of the board of directors for the American
Public Power Association. Since August 2011, Mr. Silverman has been Of Counsel at Jennings, Strouss & Salmon, PLC, where he
focuses his practice on energy law. Prior to joining the firm, he served as General Manager of Salt River Project from 1994 to
2011. Mr. Silverman holds a Juris Doctor from the University of Arizona and B.A. in Business from the University of Arizona. We
believe Mr. Silverman’s prior experience as general manager of Salt River Project, one of the nation’s largest public
power utilities serving approximately one million customers in the Phoenix metropolitan area, will help the Company navigate strategic
issues in the rapidly changing electric utility industry with specific knowledge of the impact of renewables like solar energy
on the electric grid and makes him well qualified to serve on our Board. Derek Reisfield – Director Derek
Reisfield was elected as a director of Ondas Holdings Inc. on September 28, 2018. Previously, he had served as a member of the
Board of Ondas Networks Inc. since April 2016. From December 2018 to the present, he has also served as an independent business
consultant. From 2015 to December 2018, Mr. Reisfeld served as Vice President, Strategy and Business Development of MetaRail, Inc.
(formerly, Wayfare Interactive Technologies, Inc.), a company that provides commerce search capabilities to digital publishers
and marketers. In 2008, Mr. Reisfield co-founded BBN Networks, LLC, formerly known as BBN Networks, Inc., a digital advertising
and marketing solutions company focused on the B2B sector, where he served as Chief Executive Officer until 2014 and as Chairman
until 2015. Mr. Reisfield was Executive Vice President of Fliptrack, Inc., a social mobile gaming company, from 2007 to 2008. He
was an independent consultant from 2002 to 2007 working with digital startups and large consumer oriented companies facing digital
threats and opportunities. He was Co-Founder and Managing Principal of i-Hatch Ventures, LLC from 1999-2001, Co-Founder, Vice Chairman
and Executive Vice President of Luminant, Inc., a digital financial and business news and information company, from 1999-2000,
Co-Founder and Chairman of Marketwatch from 1997-1998, President CBS New Media from 1997-1998, Vice President, Business Development
of CBS, 1996-97, Director of Strategic Management CBS and its predecessor Westinghouse Electric Corporation, Inc. 1996-1997. Prior
to that, Mr. Reisfield was the Co-Founder of the Media and Telecommunications Practice of Mitchell Madison Group, LLC, a management
consultancy and a leader of the Media and Telecommunications practice of McKinsey & Company, Inc. a management consultancy.
He has served on several public corporation boards. Mr. Reisfield is a director emeritus of the San Francisco Zoological Society.
Mr. Reisfield holds a BA from Wesleyan University, and an AM in Communications Management from the Annenberg School of Communications
of USC in 1986. We believe Mr. Reisfield’s experience in senior leadership positions at both privately held and publicly traded
technology companies, including holding board positions in corporate governance, make him a well-qualified candidate to serve on
our Board. 50 Other Directorships Other than as indicated
within this section at Business Experience , none of our directors hold or have been nominated to hold a directorship
in any company with a class of securities registered pursuant to Section 12 of the Exchange Act (the “Act”) or subject
to the requirements of Section 15(d) of the Securities Act of 1933, or any company registered as an investment company under the
Investment Company Act of 1940. Committees of the Board Audit Committee Our
audit committee reviews our internal accounting procedures and consults with and reviews the services provided by our independent
registered public accountants. Our audit committee consists of three directors, Messrs. Cohen, Silverman and Reisfield, and our
Board has determined that each of them is independent within the meaning of listing requirements of The Nasdaq Stock Market (“Nasdaq”)
and the independence requirements contemplated by Rule 10A-3 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or the Exchange
Act. Mr. Cohen is the chairman of the audit committee and our Board has determined that Mr. Cohen is an “audit committee
financial expert” as defined by SEC rules and regulations implementing Section 407 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. Our Board has
determined that the composition of our audit committee meets the criteria for independence under, and the functioning of our audit
committee complies with, the applicable requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, Nasdaq listing requirements and SEC rules and regulations.
We intend to continue to evaluate the requirements applicable to us and to comply with the future requirements to the extent that
they become applicable to our audit committee. The principal duties and responsibilities of our audit committee include: ● | overseeing the accounting and financial reporting processes of the Company, internal systems of control of the Company and audits of the Company’s consolidated financial statements; ● | overseeing the Company’s relationship with its independent auditors, including appointing or changing the Company’s auditors and ensuring their independence; ● | providing oversight regarding significant financial matters, including the Company’s tax planning, treasury policies, dividends and share issuance and repurchases; ● | overseeing the Code of Conduct; and ● | reviewing and approving all transactions with related persons for potential conflict of interest situations on an ongoing basis. 51 Compensation Committee Our
compensation committee reviews and determines the compensation of all our executive officers. Our compensation committee consists
of three directors, Messrs. Cohen, Silverman and Reisfield, each of whom is a non-employee member of our Board as defined in Rule
16b-3 under the Exchange Act and independent within the meaning of listing requirements of Nasdaq. Mr. Reisfield is the chairman
of the compensation committee. Our Board has determined that the composition of our compensation committee satisfies the applicable
independence requirements under, and the functioning of our compensation committee complies with the applicable listing requirements
of Nasdaq and SEC rules and regulations. We intend to continue to evaluate and intend to comply with all future requirements applicable
to our compensation committee. The principal duties and responsibilities of our compensation committee include: ● | establishing, overseeing and administering the Company’s employee compensation policies and programs; ● | reviewing and approving compensation and incentive programs and awards for the Company’s CEO, all other executive officers of the Company and the non-employee members of the Company’s Board ; and ● | administering the Company’s equity compensation plans. Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee The
nominating and corporate governance committee consists of three independent directors, Messrs. Cohen, Silverman and Reisfield.
Mr. Cohen is the chairman of the nominating and corporate governance committee. Our
Board has determined that the composition of our nominating and corporate governance committee satisfies the applicable independence
requirements under, and the functioning of our nominating and corporate governance committee complies with the applicable listing
requirements of Nasdaq and SEC rules and regulations. We will continue to evaluate and will comply with all future requirements
applicable to our nominating and corporate governance committee. The nominating and corporate governance committee’s responsibilities
include: ● | assisting the Board in identifying individuals qualified to become Board members, consistent with criteria approved by the Board; ● | recommending for the Board’s approval the slate of nominees to be proposed by the Board to stockholders for election to the Board; ● | developing, updating and recommending to the Board the governance principles applicable to the Company; ● | overseeing the evaluation of the Board and management; ● | recommending to the Board the directors who will serve on each committee of the Board; and ● | addressing any related matters required by the federal securities laws. Code
of Business Conduct and Ethics for Employees, Executive Officers and Directors We
have adopted a Code of Business Conduct and Ethics, or the Code of Conduct, applicable to all of our employees, executive officers
and directors. The Code of Conduct is available on our website at www.ondas.com . The audit committee of our Board is
responsible for overseeing the Code of Conduct and our Board must approve any waivers of the Code of Conduct for employees, executive
officers and directors. In addition, we intend to post on our website all disclosures that are required by law concerning any amendments
to, or waivers from, any provision of the Code of Conduct. All of our directors, executive officers and employees are required
to certify in writing their understanding of and intent to comply with the Code. Committee Charters and Code of Business
Conduct Our
Board adopted a Code of Business Conduct and charters for the Audit Committee, Compensation Committee, and Nominating and Corporate
Governance Committee of the Board describing the authority and responsibilities delegated to each committee. We post on our website
www.ondas.com the charters of each of our board committees and our Code of Business Conduct, and any amendments or waivers thereto
applicable to our principal executive officer, principal financial officer, principal accounting officer or controller, or persons
performing similar functions; and any other corporate governance materials contemplated by the Nasdaq listing requirements and
SEC regulations. These documents are also available in print, without charge, to any stockholder requesting a copy in writing from
our Secretary at our executive offices set forth in this Report. 52 Item 11. | Executive Compensation. Summary Compensation Table The table below sets
forth compensation information for services rendered in all capacities for the last two fiscal years ended December 31, 2019 and
2018. The information includes the dollar value of base salaries, bonus awards, stock awards, non-qualified stock options (“Options”)
grants and certain other compensation, if any, whether paid or deferred. No stock awards or Options grants were made in 2019 or
2018. At the time of the Acquisition, Mr. Brock was the sole executive officer of the Company, and he received no compensation
for his services from the time of his election on June 28, 2018 until the execution of his employment agreement on September 28,
2018 at the closing of the Acquisition. Name and Principal Position | Year | Salary ($) | Bonus ($) | Stock Awards ($) | Option Awards ($) | Non- Equity Incentive Plan Compen- sation ($) | Nonquali- fied Deferred Compen- sation Earnings ($) | All Other Compen- sation ($) | Total ($)
Eric A. Brock (1) | 2019 | $ | 200,000 | $ | - | $ | - | $ | - | $ | - | $ | - | $ | 27,819 | $ | 227,819
(CEO) | 2018 | $ | 50,769 | $ | - | $ | - | $ | - | $ | - | $ | - | $ | 5,846 | $ | 56,615
Stewart Kantor (2) | 2019 | $ | 200,000 | $ | 50,000 | $ | - | $ | - | $ | - | $ | - | $ | 12,500 | $ | 262,500
(President, CFO, Treasurer and Secretary) | 2018 | $ | 162,500 | $ | 50,000 | $ | - | $ | - | $ | - | $ | - | $ | 1,250 | $ | 213,750 (1) | In 2019, Mr. Brock’s salary of $200,000 includes $58,333 paid between January 1 and April 15, 2019 and $141,667 accrued between April 16 and December 31, 2019. On March 12, 2020, Mr. Brock waived accrued payroll amounts in the amount of $141,667. In 2018, Mr. Brock’s salary of $50,769 was for the period from September 28 through December 31, 2018. All Other Compensation for 2019 and 2018 includes health insurance premiums paid on Mr. Brock’s behalf. (2) | In 2018, $8,334 of Mr. Kantor’s salary was accrued. On March 12, 2020, Mr. Kantor waived accrued payroll amounts in the amount of $8,334. All Other Compensation for 2019 and 2018 represents employer matching of 401(k). Outstanding Equity Awards at Fiscal Year End We had no outstanding
equity awards for our executive officers as of the fiscal year ended December 31, 2019. Employment Agreements with Executive Officers Eric Brock serves as
our Chief Executive Officer pursuant to an employment agreement entered into on September 28, 2018 (the “Brock Agreement”).
The Brock Agreement provides for a continuous term and may be terminated by either party
at any time. Pursuant to the Brock agreement, Mr. Brock will receive an initial salary of $200,000 per annum, subject
to annual review by our Board. Mr. Brock is eligible to participate in benefit plans generally available to our employees. Stewart
Kantor serves as our President, Chief Financial Officer, Secretary and Treasurer pursuant to an employment agreement entered into
on September 28, 2018 (the “Kantor Agreement”), which replaces the prior employment agreement he had with Ondas Networks.
The Kantor Agreement provides for a continuous term and may be terminated by either
party at any time. Pursuant to the Kantor Agreement, Mr. Kantor will receive an initial salary of $200,000 per annum,
subject to annual review by our Board. Mr. Kantor is eligible to participate in benefit plans generally available to our employees. 53 As part of the terms
of the Brock and Kantor Agreements, each of Messrs. Brock and Kantor entered into a Non-Competition, Confidential Information and
Intellectual Property Assignment Agreement (the “Supplemental Agreements”). As part of the Supplemental Agreements,
each of Messrs. Brock and Kantor agreed (i) not to engage in Competitive Business (as defined in the Supplemental Agreements) during
his term of employment with us and for a period of 12 months following termination; (ii) not to disclose Confidential Information
(as defined in the Supplemental Agreements), subject to certain customary carve-outs; and (iii) to assign to the Company any Intellectual
Property (as defined in the Supplemental Agreements) developed using the Company’s resources or related to the Company’s
business within the scope of and during the period of employment. Mr. Brock is entitled
to severance compensation from the Company if his employment is terminated i) without cause or ii) due to “constructive termination”
or iii) due to disability, with these causes of termination being defined in the Brock Agreement. The severance compensation would
consist of i) accrued and vested benefits, and ii) continued payment of Mr. Brock’s base salary and benefits for a period
of six (6) months following separation. Mr. Kantor is entitled
to severance compensation from the Company if his employment is terminated i) without cause or ii) due to “constructive termination”
or iii) due to disability, with these causes of termination being defined in the Kantor Agreement. The severance compensation would
consist of i) accrued and vested benefits, and ii) continued payment of Mr. Kantor’s base salary and benefits for a period
of twelve (12) months following separation. Director Compensation We do not pay cash
fees to directors who attend regularly scheduled and special board meetings; however, we did reimburse directors for travel expenses
related to attending such board meetings. We also did not pay cash fees to our directors prior to the Acquisition; however, we
did reimburse them for travel expenses related to their attendance at board meetings. We granted no equity
awards to our directors for services rendered for the year ended December 31, 2019. 54 Item 12. | Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. Beneficial Security Ownership Table As of March
13, 2020, the following table sets forth certain information with respect to the beneficial ownership of our common
stock by (i) each stockholder known by us to be the beneficial owner of more than five percent (5%) of our common stock, (ii)
by each of our current directors and executive officers as identified herein, and (iii) all of our directors and executive
officers as a group. Each person has sole voting and investment power with respect to the shares of common stock, except as
otherwise indicated. Beneficial ownership is determined in accordance with the rules of the SEC and generally includes voting
or investment power with respect to securities. Shares of common stock, non-qualified stock options (“Options”),
and common stock purchase warrants (“Warrants”) that are currently exercisable or convertible into shares of our
common stock within sixty (60) days of the date of this document, are deemed to be outstanding and to be beneficially owned
by the person holding the Options or Warrants for the purpose of computing the percentage ownership of the person, but are
not treated as outstanding for the purpose of computing the percentage ownership of any other person. Unless otherwise noted,
the address for all officers and directors listed below is 165 Gibraltar Court, Sunnyvale, CA 94089. Name and Address of Officer and Directors | Amount and Nature of Beneficial Ownership (1) | Percent of Class
Eric A. Brock (Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer) (2) | 5,673,585 | 9.54 | %
Stewart Kantor (Director, President, Chief Financial Officer, Treas. and Sec.) | 2,725,333 | 4.60 | %
Richard M. Cohen (Director) | 72,942 | *
Richard H. Silverman (Director) | 72,942 | *
Derek Reisfield (Director) | 72,942 | *
All Officers & Directors as a Group (5 persons) (3) | 8,417,744 | 14.49 | %
Name and Address of Stockholders
Energy Capital, LLC (4) | 17,389,363 | 28.33 | % * | Represents beneficial ownership of less than 1%. (1) | Unless otherwise noted, we believe that all shares are beneficially owned and that all persons named in the table have sole voting and investment power with respect to all shares of common stock owned by them. Applicable percentage of ownership is based on 59,268,085 shares of common stock currently outstanding, as adjusted for each stockholder. (2) | Mr. Brock exercises sole voting and dispositive power over the 5,473,585 shares of common stock and 200,000 shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of Warrants. The percentage beneficially owned is based on 59,468,085 shares which would be outstanding if Mr. Brock exercised the Warrants within sixty days of March 13, 2020. This information is based on the Schedule 13-D/A (Amendment No. 2) filed with the SEC on January 27, 2020. (3) | The percentage beneficially owned is based on 59,468,085 shares which would be outstanding if Mr. Brock exercised the Warrants within sixty days of March 13, 2020. (4) | The address for Energy Capital is 13650 Fiddlesticks Blvd., Suite 202-324, Ft. Myers, FL 33912. Robert J. Smith is the sole owner of Energy Capital and exercises sole voting and dispositive power over the 15,276,742 shares of common stock and 2,112,621 shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of Warrants. The percentage beneficially owned is based on 61,380,706 shares which would be outstanding if Mr. Smith exercised the Warrants owned by Energy Capital within sixty days of March 13, 2020. This information is based on the Schedule 13-D/A (Amendment No.1) filed with the SEC on January 27, 2020. 55 EQUITY COMPENSATION PLAN INFORMATION The following table shows the number of
securities to be issued upon exercise of outstanding options as of December 31, 2019. Plan Category | Number of securities to be issued upon exercise of outstanding options (a) | Weighted- average exercise price of outstanding options (b) | Number of securities remaining available for future issuance under equity compensation plans (excluding securities reflected in column(a)) (c)
Equity compensation plans approved by security holders | — | — | 10,000,000
Equity compensation plans not approved by security holders | — | — | —
Total | — | — | 10,000,000 Item 13. | Certain Relationships and Related Transactions and Director Independence. Related Party Transactions Policy Our Board adopted a
Related Party Transactions Policy as we recognize that transactions involving related parties present a heightened risk of conflicts
of interest and/or improper valuation (or the perception thereof). Therefore, our Board determined that our Audit Committee shall
review, approve and, if necessary, recommend to the Board for its approval all related party transactions and any material amendments
to such related party transactions. Our Board may determine that a particular related party transaction or a material amendment
thereto shall instead be reviewed and approved by a majority of directors disinterested in the related party transaction. No director
shall participate in any approval of a related party transaction for which the director is a related party, except that the director
shall provide all material information concerning the related party transaction to the committee. Our Chief Executive Officer is
responsible for providing to the Audit Committee, on a quarterly basis, a summary of all payments made by or to us in connection
with duly approved related party transactions during the preceding fiscal quarter. The CEO is responsible for reviewing and approving
all payments made by or to us in connection with duly approved related party transactions and shall certify to the Audit Committee
that any payments made by or to us in connection with such related party transactions have been made in accordance with the policy.
All related party transactions shall be disclosed in our applicable filings as required by the Securities Act of 1933 and the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934 and related rules and regulations. Related Party Transactions On
September 27, 2019, Eric A. Brock, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement with
other subscribers in which he purchased 400,000 units (wherein a unit consisted of one share of common stock and one-half of one
warrant to purchase one share of Company common stock (the “Investor Warrant”)) of the Company for $1,000,000. The Investor
Warrant for 200,000 underlying shares of common stock vests six months from the date of the Securities Purchase Agreement and may
be exercised at a price of $3.25 per share. 56 On September 27, 2019, Energy Capital, LLC entered into a Securities
Purchase Agreement with other subscribers in which it converted an aggregate of $10,563,104 principal and interest outstanding
under the Loan and Security Agreement into an aggregate of 4,225,242 Units (wherein a unit consisted of one share of common stock
and one-half of one warrant to purchase one share of Company common stock (the “Investor Warrant”)) of the Company. At
the closing of the transaction, the debt owed under the Loan and Security Agreement was extinguished and the Loan terminated pursuant
to its terms. Energy Capital, LLC owns 2,112,621 shares of common stock underlying the Investor Warrant, which Investor Warrant
vests six months from the date of the Securities Purchase Agreement and may be exercised at a price of $3.25 per share. In connection
with the Acquisition and pursuant to a Common Stock Repurchase Agreement dated September 28, 2018, we purchased from Energy
Capital, LLC (“Energy Capital”), a more than 10% stockholder, 32,600,000 (post-split) shares of our common stock
in exchange for the payment of $3,260. The repurchased shares were cancelled and returned to the authorized but unissued
shares of the Company. In connection with the Acquisition, we also entered into the Loan and Security Agreement with Energy
Capital pursuant to which Energy Capital agreed to lend an aggregate principal amount of up to $10 million, subject to
specified conditions. During 2019, we drew down the entire $10 million, with all advances used for operating capital. Between April 16 and
December 31, 2019, we accrued $141,667 for salary owed during 2019 to Mr. Brock, the Company's Chief Executive Officer. On March
14, 2020, Mr. Brock waived accrued payroll amounts in the amount of $141,667. Stewart
Kantor, Chief Executive Officer of Ondas Networks, advanced funds to Ondas Networks to fund its operations. As of December 31,
2017, the advance due to Mr. Kantor was $155,645, which was non-interest bearing and due on demand. The advance was repaid as of
June 30, 2018. As
of December 31, 2017, Ondas Networks accrued $271,875 in salary owed for 2016 and 2017 to Stewart Kantor, Chief Executive
Officer of Ondas Networks. As of December 31, 2018, Ondas Networks accrued an additional $8,334 for salary owed during 2018
to Mr. Kantor. On March 14, 2020, Mr. Kantor waived accrued payroll amounts
in the amount of $8,334. As
of December 31, 2017, Ondas Networks accrued $178,125 in salary owed for 2016 and 2017 to Menashe Shahar, an employee of Ondas
Networks and more than 5% stockholder of Ondas Holdings. As of December 31, 2018, Ondas Networks accrued an additional $8,334 for
salary owed during 2018 to Mr. Shahar. Zev
Turetsky, former Chief Executive Officer of Zev Ventures Incorporated prior to the Acquisition, advanced funds to the Company to
fund operations. In 2018, Mr. Turetsky advanced $12,500 to the Company. On June 27, 2018, Mr. Turetsky forgave the advances in
the aggregate amount of $89,633. Director Independence We
are not currently listed on a national securities exchange; however a majority of our Board is independent under the rules of
Nasdaq. Our Board has undertaken a review of the independence of our directors and considered whether any director has a material
relationship with us that could compromise his ability to exercise independent judgment in carrying out his responsibilities.
As a result of this review, our Board has determined that Messrs. Cohen, Silverman and Reisfield, are “independent
directors” as defined under the rules of Nasdaq. Promoters and Certain Control Persons None. 57 Item 14. | Principal Accountant Fees and Services. On June 28, 2018,
our Board engaged Rosenberg Rich Baker Berman, P.A. (“RRBB”) as the Company’s independent registered
public accounting firm for the year ended December 31, 2018. Also, on June 28, 2018, the Company dismissed Weinstein & Co.
C.P.A. (Isr) (“Weinstein”) as the Company’s independent registered public accounting firm, effective immediately. Aggregate fees billed
to the Company for the years ended December 31, 2019 by RRBB and December 31, 2018 by RRBB and Weinstein, were as follows: For the years ended December 31,
2019 | 2018
Audit Fees | $ | 149,740 | $ | 92,300
Audit - Related Fees | - | -
Tax Fees | 10,000 | 10,000
All Other Fees | - | -
$ | 159,740 | $ | 102,300 Audit fees consist of fees associated with the annual audit,
including the reviews of our quarterly reports and other filings with the SEC as well as consents. Tax fees included the preparation
of our tax returns. On September 28, 2018,
the Audit Committee of our Board adopted a policy and related procedures requiring its pre-approval of all audit and non-audit
services to be rendered by its independent registered public accounting firm. These policies and procedures are intended to ensure
that the provision of such services do not impair the independent registered public accounting firm’s independence. These
services may include audit services, audit related services, tax services and other services. Previous to that date, no Audit Committee
was in place as our Board consisted of a single member. All services provided by RRBB after September 28, 2018 representing $81,300
during 2018 and all of the fees during 2019 as set forth above were approved by the Audit Committee. 58 Item 15. | Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules. Exhibit No. | Name of Document
2.0 | Agreement and Plan of Merger and Reorganization, dated as of September 28, 2018, by and among the Registrant, Zev Merger Sub, Inc. and Ondas Networks Inc. (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit No. 2.1 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) on October 4, 2018 (File No. 333-205271))
3.0 | Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation of the Registrant, dated September 28, 2018 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on October 4, 2018 (File No. 333-205271))
3.1 | Amended and Restated Bylaws of the Registrant, dated September 28, 2018 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit No. 3.2 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on October 4, 2018 (File No. 333-205271))
4.1 | Description of Registrant’s Securities*
4.2 | Form of Common Stock Certificate (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit No. 4.1 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on October 4, 2018 (File No. 333-205271))
4.3 | Form of Investor Warrant (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 1, 2019 (File No. 000-56004))
4.4 | Form of Placement Agent Warrant (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 1, 2019 (File No. 000-56004))
4.5 | Form of Warrant (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 1, 2019 (File No. 000-56004))
10.0 | Form of Lock-up Agreement executed by the former stockholders of Ondas Networks, Inc. (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on October 4, 2018 (File No. 333-205271))
10.1 | Lease Agreement, dated November 11, 2013, between Full Spectrum Inc. and SCP-1, LP (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on October 4, 2018 (File No. 333-205271))
10.2 | Amendment to Lease Agreement, dated October 16, 2017, between Full Spectrum Inc. and SCP-1, LP (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on October 4, 2018 (File No. 333-205271))
10.3# | Employment Agreement, dated September 28, 2018, between Ondas Holdings Inc. and Eric Brock (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on October 4, 2018 (File No. 333-205271))
10.4# | Employment Agreement, dated September 28, 2018, between Ondas Holdings Inc. and Stewart Kantor (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on October 4, 2018 (File No. 333-205271))
10.5# | 2018 Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.7 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on October 4, 2018 (File No. 333-205271)) 59 10.6 | Loan and Security Agreement, dated as of March 9, 2018, by and between Full Spectrum Inc. and Stewart Capital Holdings, LP (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.8 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on October 4, 2018 (File No. 333-205271))
10.7 | Form of Secured Promissory Note issued to Steward Capital Holdings LP by Ondas Networks Inc. dated March 19, 2018 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.10 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on October 4, 2018 (File No. 333-205271))
10.8 | Secured Promissory Note for $5,000,000 issued to Steward Capital Holdings, LP by Full Spectrum Inc. dated March 9, 2018 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.10 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 4, 2018 (File No. 333-205271))
10.9 | Secured Promissory Note for $5,000,000 issued to Steward Capital Holdings, LP by Ondas Networks Inc. dated October 9, 2018 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on October 10, 2018 (File No. 333-205271))
10.10 | Form of Convertible Promissory Note (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.17 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on January 7, 2019 (File No. 000-56004))
10.11 | Form of Lock-Up Agreement (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on October 1, 2019 (File No. 000-56004))
10.12 | Form of First Amendment to Lock-Up Agreement (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on August 30, 2019 (File No. 000-56004))
10.13 | First Amendment to Loan and Security Agreement dated as of June 18, 2019 by and between Ondas Holdings Inc. and Steward Capital Holdings, LP (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on June 18, 2019 (File No. 000-56004))
10.14 | Second Amendment to Loan and Security Agreement, dated as of October 28, 2019, by and between Ondas Networks Inc. and Steward Capital Holdings, LP. (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on November 1, 2019 (File No. 000-56004))
10.15 | Amendment to Secured Term Promissory Notes issued to Steward Capital Holdings, LP dated June 18, 2019 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on June 18, 2019 (File No. 000-56004))
21.00 | Subsidiaries of the Registrant*
23.1 | Consent of Rosenberg Rich Baker Berman, P.A.*
31.1 | Certification of Chief Executive Officer of Periodic Report pursuant to Rule 13a-14a and Rule 15d-14(a) dated March 13, 2020.*
31.2 | Certification of Chief Financial Officer of Periodic Report pursuant to Rule 13a-14a and Rule 15d-14(a) dated March 13, 2020.*
32.1 | Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 dated March 13, 2020.**
32.2 | Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 dated March 13, 2020.**
101.INS | XBRL Instance Document*
101.SCH | XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document*
101.CAL | XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document*
101.DEF | XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document*
101.LAB | XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document*
101.PRE | XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document* * | Filed herewith. ** | This certification is being furnished and shall not be deemed “filed” with the SEC for purposes of Section 18 of the Exchange Act, or otherwise subject to the liability of that section, and shall not be deemed to be incorporated by reference into any filing under the Securities Act or the Exchange Act, except to the extent that the Registrant specifically incorporates it by reference. # | Management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement. Item 16. | Form 10-K Summary. None. 60 SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements
of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Company has duly caused this Report to be signed on its behalf
by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. DATE: March 13,
2020 ONDAS HOLDINGS INC.
By: | /s/ Eric A. Brock
Eric A. Brock
Chief Executive Officer
Principal Executive Officer
By: | /s/ Stewart G. Kantor
Stewart G. Kantor
Principal Financial Officer
Principal Accounting Officer 61 Pursuant to the requirements
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this Report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant
and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. Signature | Title | Date
/s/ Eric A. Brock | Chairman and Chief Executive Officer | March 13, 2020
Eric A. Brock
/s/ Stewart G. Kantor | Director, President, Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer and | March 13, 2020
Steward G. Kantor | Secretary
/s/ Richard M. Cohen | Director | March 13, 2020
Richard M. Cohen
/s/ Richard H. Silverman | Director | March 13, 2020
Richard H. Silverman
/s/ Derek Reisfield | Director | March 13, 2020
Derek Reisfield 62