S-3 1 ea162300-s3_ondashold.htm REGISTRATION STATEMENT As filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission
on July 1, 2022 Registration No. 333-________ UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 FORM S-3 REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER THE SECURITIES
ACT OF 1933 ONDAS HOLDINGS INC. (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) Nevada (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or
organization) 47-2615102 (IRS Employer Identification Number) 411 Waverley Oaks Road Suite 114 Waltham, MA 02452 (888) 350-9994 (Address, including zip code, and telephone number,
including area code, of registrant’s principal executive offices) Eric A. Brock Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Ondas Holdings Inc. 411 Waverley Oaks Road Suite 114 Waltham, MA 02452 (888) 350-9994 (Name, address, including zip code, and telephone
number, including area code, of agent for service) With a copy to: Christina C. Russo, Esq. Akerman LLP 201 E. Las Olas Boulevard, Suite 1800 Fort Lauderdale, Florida 33301 (954) 463-2700 Approximate date of commencement of proposed
sale to the public : From time to time after the effective date of this registration statement, as determined by the selling stockholder. If the only securities being registered on this
Form are being offered pursuant to dividend or interest reinvestment plans, please check the following box: ☐ If any of the securities being registered on this
Form are to be offered on a delayed or continuous basis pursuant to Rule 415 under the Securities Act of 1933, other than securities offered
only in connection with dividend or interest reinvestment plans, check the following box: ☒ If this Form is filed to register additional securities
for an offering pursuant to Rule 462(b) under the Securities Act, please check the following box and list the Securities Act registration
statement number of the earlier effective registration statement for the same offering. ☐ If this Form is a post-effective amendment filed
pursuant to Rule 462(c) under the Securities Act, check the following box and list the Securities Act registration statement number of
the earlier effective registration statement for the same offering. ☐ If this Form is a registration statement pursuant
to General Instruction I.D. or a post-effective amendment thereto that shall become effective upon filing with the Commission pursuant
to Rule 462(e) under the Securities Act, check the following box: ☐ If this Form is a post-effective amendment to
a registration statement filed pursuant to General Instruction I.D. filed to register additional securities or additional classes of securities
pursuant to Rule 413(b) under the Securities Act, check the following box: ☐ Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company.
See the definitions of “large accelerated filer,” “accelerated filer,” “smaller reporting company”
and “emerging growth company” in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. Large accelerated filer | ☐ | Accelerated filer | ☐
Non-accelerated filer | ☒ | Smaller reporting company | ☒
Emerging growth company | ☐ If an emerging growth company, indicate by check
mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting
standards provided pursuant to Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the Securities Act. ☐ The registrant hereby amends this registration
statement on such date or dates as may be necessary to delay its effective date until the registrant shall file a further amendment which
specifically states that this registration statement shall thereafter become effective in accordance with Section 8(a) of the Securities
Act of 1933, as amended or until the registration statement shall become effective on such date as the Commission acting pursuant to said
Section 8(a), may determine. The information in this
prospectus is not complete and may be changed. The selling stockholder may not sell these securities until the registration statement
filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission is effective. This prospectus is not an offer to sell these securities and is not soliciting
an offer to buy these securities in any state where the offer or sale is not permitted. PRELIMINARY PROSPECTUS
SUBJECT TO COMPLETION DATED JULY 1, 2022 PRELIMINARY PROSPECTUS ONDAS HOLDINGS INC. 780,000 Common Stock The selling stockholder may
offer and sell from time to time up to an aggregate of 780,000 shares of Ondas Holdings Inc. (the “Company”) common stock,
par value $0.0001 (the “Common Stock”), issued to the selling stockholder. These securities were issued to the selling stockholder
in connection with the acquisition of the assets of Ardenna, Inc. that closed on April 5, 2022. The selling stockholder has
agreed, subject to certain customary exceptions, not to sell, transfer or dispose of any Common Stock until October 2, 2022, pursuant
to the Registration Rights and Lock-Up Agreement, as described below under the Prospectus Summary – Recent Developments. For information
concerning the selling stockholder and the manner in which it may offer and sell shares of our Common Stock, see “Selling Stockholder”
and “Plan of Distribution” in this prospectus. We are not selling any securities
under this prospectus and we will not receive any proceeds from the sale by the selling stockholder of its shares of Common Stock. Our Common Stock is traded on the NASDAQ Capital
Market (“Nasdaq”), under the symbol “ONDS.” As of June 30, 2022, the last reported sale price of our Common Stock
on the Nasdaq was $5.39. Investing in our securities
involves risks. See “Risk Factors,” beginning on page 4 and in any other documents incorporated by reference herein or therein,
for factors you should consider before buying any of our securities. You should rely only on the
information contained in this prospectus. We have not authorized any dealer, salesperson or other person to provide you with information
concerning us, except for the information contained in this prospectus. The information contained in this prospectus is complete and accurate
only as of the date on the front cover page of this prospectus, regardless of the time of delivery of this prospectus or the sale of any
Common Stock. This prospectus is not an offer to sell these securities and we are not soliciting an offer to buy these securities in any
state where the offer or sale is not permitted. Neither the Securities
and Exchange Commission nor any state securities commission has approved or disapproved of these securities or determined if this prospectus
is truthful or complete. Any representation to the contrary is a criminal offense. The date of this prospectus is 
 , 2022 TABLE OF CONTENTS ABOUT THIS PROSPECTUS | ii
PROSPECTUS SUMMARY | 1
THE OFFERING | 3
RISK FACTORS | 4
SPECIAL NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS | 5
USE OF PROCEEDS | 6
SELLING STOCKHOLDER | 6
PLAN OF DISTRIBUTION | 7
INCORPORATION OF CERTAIN INFORMATION BY REFERENCE | 9
WHERE YOU CAN FIND MORE INFORMATION | 10
LEGAL MATTERS | 10
EXPERTS | 10
PART II | II-1
SIGNATURES | II-5 i ABOUT THIS PROSPECTUS This prospectus is part
of a registration statement on Form S-3 that we filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”), using a “shelf”
registration process for the delayed offering and sale of securities pursuant to Rule 415 under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended
(the “Securities Act”). Under the shelf process, the selling stockholder may, from time to time, sell the offered securities
described in this prospectus in one or more offerings. Additionally, under the shelf process, in certain circumstances, we may provide
a prospectus supplement that will contain specific information about the terms of a particular offering by the selling stockholder. We
may also provide a prospectus supplement to add information to, or update or change information contained in, this prospectus. This prospectus does not contain
all of the information set forth in the registration statement, portions of which we have omitted as permitted by the rules and regulations
of the SEC. Statements contained in this prospectus as to the contents of any contract or other document are not necessarily complete.
You should refer to the copy of each contract or document filed as an exhibit to the registration statement for a complete description. You should rely only on the
information contained in or incorporated by reference into this prospectus or any applicable prospectus supplements filed with the SEC.
We have not authorized anyone to provide you with different or additional information and, if you are given any information or representation
about these matters that is not contained or incorporated by reference in this prospectus or a prospectus supplement, you must not rely
on that information. The selling stockholder is offering to sell and seeking offers to buy shares of our Common Stock only in jurisdictions
in which offers and sales are permitted. The information contained in this prospectus is accurate only as of the date of this prospectus,
regardless of the time of delivery of this prospectus or any sale of Common Stock. Unless
the context otherwise requires, all references in this prospectus to “Ondas” “Ondas Holdings” the “Company,”
“we,” “us,” and “our” refer to Ondas Holdings Inc. and our consolidated subsidiaries, including our
wholly-owned subsidiaries, Ondas Networks Inc. and American Robotics, Inc.; unless otherwise specified, references to “Ondas Networks”
refers to our wholly-owned subsidiary, Ondas Networks Inc., and references to “American Robotics” refers to our wholly-owned
subsidiary, American Robotics, Inc. Unless otherwise stated or indicated by context, the phrase “this prospectus” refers
to the prospectus and any applicable prospectus supplement. ii PROSPECTUS SUMMARY This summary does not contain
all of the information that is important to you. You should read the entire prospectus carefully, including the “Risk Factors”
section and the consolidated financial statements and related notes included in this prospectus or incorporated by reference into this
prospectus, before making an investment decision. Overview Ondas
Holdings is a leading provider of private wireless, drone, and automated data solutions through its wholly owned subsidiaries Ondas Networks
Inc. (“Ondas Networks”) and American Robotics, Inc. (“American Robotics” or “AR”). Ondas Networks
and American Robotics together provide users in rail, energy, mining, agriculture, and critical infrastructure markets with improved connectivity,
and data collection capabilities and automated decision making to improve operations. Ondas operates these two subsidiaries as separate
business segments, and the following is a discussion of each segment. Ondas Networks Ondas
Networks provides wireless connectivity solutions enabling mission-critical Industrial Internet applications and services. We refer to
these applications as the Mission-Critical Internet of Things (“MC-IoT”). Our wireless networking products are applicable
to a wide range of MC-IoT applications, which are most often located at the very edge of large industrial networks. These applications
require secure, real-time connectivity with the ability to process large amounts of data at the edge of large industrial networks. Such
applications are required in all of the major critical infrastructure markets, including rail, electric grids, drones, oil and gas, and
public safety, homeland security and government, where secure, reliable and fast operational decisions are required in order to improve
efficiency and ensure a high degree of safety and security. We
design, develop, manufacture, sell and support FullMAX, our patented, Software Defined Radio (“SDR”) platform for secure,
licensed, private, wide-area broadband networks. Our customers install FullMAX systems in order to upgrade and expand their legacy wide-area
network infrastructure. Our MC-IoT intellectual property has been adopted by the Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers (“IEEE”),
the leading worldwide standards body in data networking protocols, and forms the core of the IEEE 802.16s standard. Because standards-based
communications solutions are preferred by our mission-critical customers and ecosystem partners, we have taken a leadership position in
IEEE as it relates to wireless networking for industrial markets. As such, management believes this standards-based approach supports
the adoption of our technology across a burgeoning ecosystem of global partners and end markets. Our
software-based FullMAX platform is an important and timely upgrade solution for privately-owned and operated wireless wide-area networks,
leveraging Internet Protocol-based communications to provide more reliability and data capacity for our mission-critical infrastructure
customers. We believe industrial and critical infrastructure markets throughout the globe have reached an inflection point where legacy
serial and analog based protocols and network transport systems no longer meet industry needs. In addition to offering enhanced data throughput,
FullMAX is an intelligent networking platform enabling the adoption of sophisticated operating systems and equipment supporting next-generation
MC-IoT applications over wide field areas. These new MC-IoT applications and related equipment require more processing power at the edge
of large industrial networks and the efficient utilization of network capacity and scarce bandwidth resources which can be supported by
the “Fog-computing” capability integrated in our end-to-end network platform. Fog-computing utilizes management software to
enable edge compute processing and data and application prioritization in the field enabling our customers more reliable, real-time operating
control of these new, intelligent MC-IoT equipment and applications at the edge. 1 American Robotics American
Robotics designs, develops and manufactures autonomous drone systems, providing high-fidelity, ultra-high-resolution aerial data to enterprise
customers. We provide our customers turnkey data solutions designed to meet their unique requirements in the field. We do this via our
internally developed Scout System™, an industrial drone platform which provides commercial and government customers with the ability
to continuously digitize, analyze, and monitor their assets and field operations in near real-time. The Scout System™ has been designed
from the ground up as an end-to-end product capable of continuous unattended operations in the real world. Powered by innovations in robotics
automation, machine vision, edge computing, and AI, the Scout System™ provides unprecedented efficiencies as a drone solution for
commercial use. Once installed in the field at customer locations, a fleet of connected Scout Systems remain indefinitely in an area of
operation, automatically collecting data each day, self-charging, and seamlessly delivering data analysis regularly and reliably. AR markets
the Scout System™ under a Robot-as-a-Service (“RaaS”) business model, whereby our drone platform aggregates customer
data and provides the data analytics meeting customer requirements in return for an annual subscription fee. Recent Developments On April 5, 2022, the Company
completed the previously announced acquisition of the assets of Ardenna Inc. (“Ardenna”), a leading provider of image processing
and machine learning software solutions for rail infrastructure monitoring and inspections pursuant to an asset purchase agreement. The
consideration for the acquisition was $900,000 in cash and 780,000 shares of the Company’s common stock (the “Ardenna
Consideration Shares”). In connection with the acquisition, the parties entered into a Registration Rights and Lock-Up Agreement,
which requires the Company to file a resale registration statement covering the resale of the Ardenna Consideration Shares no later than
ninety (90) days after the closing date and restricts the holder from transferring the Ardenna Consideration Shares for 180 days from
the closing date, subject to certain exceptions. We
are registering the Ardenna Consideration Shares pursuant to the Registration Rights and Lock-Up Agreement. Corporate Information Ondas
Holdings’ corporate headquarters are located in Waltham, Massachusetts. Ondas Networks has offices and facilities in Sunnyvale,
California, and American Robotics’ offices and facilities are located in Waltham, Massachusetts and Marlborough, Massachusetts.
Our telephone number is (888) 350-9994 and our Internet website address is www.ondas.com . The information on our website is
not a part of, or incorporated in, this prospectus. 2 THE OFFERING Common Stock outstanding prior to the offering: | 42,572,646 shares
Common Stock to be offered by the selling stockholder: | 780,000 shares
Common Stock outstanding immediately following the offering: | 42,572,646 shares
Use of proceeds: | We will not receive any proceeds from the sale of the shares of Common Stock by the selling stockholder. See “Use of Proceeds.”
Risk Factors: | See “Risk Factors” beginning on page 4 of this prospectus for a discussion of factors you should carefully consider before deciding to invest in shares of our Common Stock.
Stock Symbol: | NASDAQ: ONDS The number of shares of
our Common Stock to be outstanding after this offering is based on 42,572,646 shares of our Common Stock outstanding as of June 29,
2022, after giving effect to the assumptions set forth above and excluding the following: ● | 3,305,854 shares of Common Stock underlying outstanding warrants;
● | 4,610,568 shares of Common Stock reserved for issuance pursuant to future awards under our Incentive Stock Plans, as amended (the “Incentive Plans”);
● | 2,112,972 shares of Common Stock underlying outstanding restricted stock units granted pursuant to the Incentive Plans; and
● | 2,561,948 shares of Common Stock underlying outstanding options granted pursuant to the Incentive Plans. 3 RISK FACTORS Investing in our securities
involves significant risks. Before making an investment decision, you should consider carefully the risks, uncertainties and other factors
described under “Risk Factors” in our most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K, as supplemented and updated by subsequent quarterly
reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K that we have filed or will file with the SEC, and in other documents which are incorporated
by reference into this prospectus. If any of these risks were
to occur, our business, affairs, prospects, assets, financial condition, results of operations and cash flow could be materially and adversely
affected. If this occurs, the market or trading price of our securities could decline, and you could lose all or part of your investment.
In addition, please read “Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements” in this prospectus, where we describe additional
uncertainties associated with our business and the forward-looking statements included or incorporated by reference into this prospectus. 4 SPECIAL NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS This prospectus and the documents
incorporated by reference in this prospectus contain “forward-looking statements” within the meaning of Section 27A of
the Securities Act, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “Exchange Act”). These statements,
which in some cases, you can identify by terms such as “may,” “will,” “should,” “could,”
“would,” “expects,” “plans,” “anticipates,” “believes,” “estimates,”
“projects,” “predicts,” “potential” and similar expressions intended to identify forward-looking statements,
relate to future events or to our future operating or financial performance and involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other
factors which may cause our actual results, performance or achievements to be materially different from any future results, performances
or achievements expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements. These statements include statements regarding our operations,
cash flows, financial position and economic performance including, in particular, future sales, competition and the effect of economic
conditions. These statements reflect our current views with respect to future events and are based on assumptions and subject to risks
and uncertainties. Although we believe that these
statements are based upon reasonable assumptions, these statements expressing opinions about future outcomes and non-historical information
are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties, many of which are beyond our control, and reflect future business decisions that are
subject to change and, therefore, there is no assurance that the outcomes expressed in these statements will be achieved. Some of the
assumptions, future results and levels of performance expressed or implied in the forward-looking statements we have made or may make
in the future inevitably will not materialize, and unanticipated events may occur which will affect our results. Investors are cautioned
that forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and actual results or developments may differ materially from
the expectations expressed in forward-looking statements contained herein. Given these uncertainties, you should not place undue reliance
on these forward-looking statements. We discuss many of these risks and uncertainties in greater detail under “Risk Factors” discussed
under the caption “Item 1A. Risk Factors” in Part I of our most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K or any updates
discussed under the caption “Item 1A. Risk Factors” in Part II of our Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, together with
all of the other information appearing in or incorporated by reference into this prospectus. You should read this prospectus completely
and with the understanding that our actual future results may be materially different from what we expect. We qualify all of the forward-looking
statements in this prospectus by these cautionary statements. We undertake no obligation to publicly update any forward-looking statement,
whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as may be required under the securities laws of the United
States. You are advised, however, to consult any additional disclosures we make in our reports filed with the SEC. 5 USE OF PROCEEDS We will not receive any proceeds
from the sale of the shares of Common Stock by the selling stockholder. SELLING STOCKHOLDER The following table provides
information about the selling stockholder, listing how many shares of our Common Stock the selling stockholder owns on the date of this
prospectus, how many shares may be offered by this prospectus, and the number and percentage of outstanding shares the selling stockholder
will own after the offering, assuming all shares covered by this prospectus are sold. The information concerning beneficial ownership
has been provided by the selling stockholder. Information concerning the selling stockholder may change from time to time, and any changed
information will be set forth if and when required in prospectus supplements or other appropriate forms permitted to be used by the SEC. We do not know when or in
what amounts the selling stockholder may offer shares for sale. The selling stockholder may choose not to sell any or all of the shares
offered by this prospectus. Because the selling stockholder may offer all or some of the shares, and because there are currently no agreements,
arrangements or understandings with respect to the sale of any of the shares, we cannot accurately report the number of the shares that
will be held by the selling stockholder after completion of the offering. However, for purposes of this table, we have assumed that, after
completion of the offering, all of the shares covered by this prospectus will be sold by the selling stockholder. The number of shares outstanding,
and the percentage of beneficial ownership, post-offering are based on 42,572,646 shares of Common Stock issued and outstanding as of
the conclusion of the offering, calculated on the basis of 42,572,646 shares of Common Stock issued and outstanding as of June 29, 2022
prior to the offering. For the purposes of the following table, the number of shares of Common Stock beneficially owned has been determined
in accordance with Rule 13d-3 under the Exchange Act, and such information is not necessarily indicative of beneficial ownership for any
other purpose. Under Rule 13d-3, beneficial ownership includes any shares as to which the selling stockholder have sole or shared voting
power or investment power and also any shares which each selling shareholder, respectively, has the right to acquire within 60 days of
the date of this prospectus through the exercise of any stock option, warrant or other rights. Selling Stockholder | Shares of Common Stock Owned Before the Offering | Shares of Common Stock to be Offered for the Selling Stockholder’s Account | Shares of Common Stock Owned by the Selling Stockholder after the Offering | Percent of Common Stock to be Owned by the Selling Stockholder after the Offering
BAR Holdings, Inc. (f/k/a Ardenna, Inc.)* | 780,000 | 780,000 | - | - * | These shares of common stock were issued in connection with the acquisition of the assets of Ardenna, as described above under the Prospectus Summary – Recent Developments. The selling stockholder has agreed, subject to certain customary exceptions, not to sell, transfer or dispose of any Company common stock until October 2, 2022, pursuant to the Registration Rights and Lock-Up Agreement, as described above under the Prospectus Summary – Recent Developments. The selling stockholder has not, nor within the past three years has had, any position, office or material relationship with us or any of our predecessors or affiliates. 6 PLAN OF DISTRIBUTION Selling Stockholder We are registering the shares
of Common Stock to permit the resale of these shares of Common Stock by the selling stockholder from time to time after the date of this
prospectus. We will not receive any of the proceeds from the sale by the selling stockholder of the shares of Common Stock. We will bear
all fees and expenses incident to our obligation to register the shares of Common Stock. The selling stockholder, which
as used herein includes donees, pledgees, transferees or other successors-in-interest selling shares of Common Stock or interests in shares
of Common Stock received after the date of this prospectus from the selling stockholder as a gift, pledge, partnership distribution or
other transfer, may, from time to time, sell, transfer or otherwise dispose of any or all of their shares of Common Stock or interests
in shares of Common Stock on any stock exchange, market or trading facility on which the shares are traded or in private transactions.
These dispositions may be at fixed prices, at prevailing market prices at the time of sale, at prices related to the prevailing market
price, at varying prices determined at the time of sale, or at negotiated prices. The selling stockholder may
use any one or more of the following methods when disposing of shares or interests therein: ● | ordinary brokerage transactions and transactions in which the broker-dealer solicits purchasers; ● | block trades in which the broker-dealer will attempt to sell the shares as agent, but may position and resell a portion of the block as principal to facilitate the transaction; ● | purchases by a broker-dealer as principal and resale by the broker-dealer for its account; ● | an exchange distribution in accordance with the rules of the applicable exchange; ● | privately negotiated transactions; ● | short sales effected after the date the registration statement of which this Prospectus is a part is declared effective by the SEC; ● | through the writing or settlement of options or other hedging transactions, whether through an options exchange or otherwise; ● | broker-dealers may agree with the selling stockholder to sell a specified number of such shares at a stipulated price per share; and ● | a combination of any such methods of sale. The selling stockholder may,
from time to time, pledge or grant a security interest in some or all of the shares of Common Stock owned by it and, if they default in
the performance of their secured obligations, the pledgees or secured parties may offer and sell the shares of Common Stock, from time
to time, under this prospectus, or under an amendment to this prospectus under Rule 424(b)(3) or other applicable provision of the Securities
Act amending the list of selling stockholder to include the pledgee, transferee or other successors in interest as selling stockholders
under this prospectus. The selling stockholder also may transfer the shares of Common Stock in other circumstances, in which case the
transferees, pledgees or other successors in interest will be the selling beneficial owners for purposes of this prospectus. In connection with the sale
of our Common Stock or interests therein, the selling stockholder may enter into hedging transactions with broker-dealers or other financial
institutions, which may in turn engage in short sales of the Common Stock in the course of hedging the positions they assume. The selling
stockholder may also sell shares of our Common Stock short and deliver these securities to close out their short positions, or loan or
pledge the Common Stock to broker-dealers that in turn may sell these securities. The selling stockholder may also enter into option or
other transactions with broker-dealers or other financial institutions or the creation of one or more derivative securities which require
the delivery to such broker-dealer or other financial institution of shares offered by this prospectus, which shares such broker-dealer
or other financial institution may resell pursuant to this prospectus (as supplemented or amended to reflect such transaction). The aggregate proceeds to
the selling stockholder from the sale of the Common Stock offered by them will be the purchase price of the Common Stock less discounts
or commissions, if any. The selling stockholder reserves the right to accept and, together with their agents from time to time, to reject,
in whole or in part, any proposed purchase of Common Stock to be made directly or through agents. The selling stockholder also
may resell all or a portion of the shares in open market transactions in reliance upon Rule 144 under the Securities Act of 1933, provided
that the Selling Stockholder meets the criteria and conforms to the requirements of that rule. 7 The selling stockholder and
any underwriters, broker-dealers or agents that participate in the sale of the Common Stock or interests therein may be “underwriters”
within the meaning of Section 2(11) of the Securities Act. Any discounts, commissions, concessions or profit they earn on any resale of
the shares may be underwriting discounts and commissions under the Securities Act. Selling stockholders who are “underwriters”
within the meaning of Section 2(11) of the Securities Act will be subject to the prospectus delivery requirements of the Securities Act. To the extent required, the
shares of our Common Stock to be sold, the name of the selling stockholder, the respective purchase prices and public offering prices,
the names of any agents, dealer or underwriter, any applicable commissions or discounts with respect to a particular offer will be set
forth in an accompanying prospectus supplement or, if appropriate, a post-effective amendment to the registration statement that includes
this prospectus. In order to comply with the
securities laws of some states, if applicable, the Common Stock may be sold in these jurisdictions only through registered or licensed
brokers or dealers. In addition, in some states the Common Stock may not be sold unless it has been registered or qualified for sale or
an exemption from registration or qualification requirements is available and is complied with. We have advised the selling
stockholder that the anti-manipulation rules of Regulation M under the Exchange Act may apply to sales of shares in the market and to
the activities of the selling stockholder and its affiliates. In addition, to the extent applicable we will make copies of this prospectus
(as it may be supplemented or amended from time to time) available to the selling stockholder for the purpose of satisfying the prospectus
delivery requirements of the Securities Act. The selling stockholder may indemnify any broker-dealer that participates in transactions
involving the sale of the shares against certain liabilities, including liabilities arising under the Securities Act. The selling stockholder and
any underwriters, brokers, dealers or agents that participate in the distribution of the securities may be deemed to be “underwriters”
within the meaning of the Securities Act, and any discounts, concessions, commissions or fees received by them and any profit on the resale
of the securities sold by them may be deemed to be underwriting discounts and commissions. As set forth in the Registration
Rights Agreement, we have agreed to register for resale the shares of Common Stock issued in the acquisition of the assets of Ardenna.
The Registration Rights Agreement provides for indemnification of the selling stockholder against specific liabilities in connection with
the offer and sale of the shares of Common Stock, including liabilities under the Securities Act. 8 INCORPORATION OF CERTAIN INFORMATION BY REFERENCE The SEC allows us to “incorporate
by reference” information into this prospectus, which means that we can disclose important information about us by referring to
another document filed separately with the SEC. The information incorporated by reference is considered to be a part of this prospectus.
This prospectus incorporates by reference the documents and reports listed below other than portions of these documents that are furnished
under Item 2.02 or Item 7.01 of a Current Report on Form 8–K: ● | The Annual Report on Form 10–K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021, filed with the SEC on March 22, 2022; ● | Our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2022, filed with the SEC on May 11, 2022; ● | The Current Reports on Form 8–K filed with the SEC on May 27, 2021 , August 9, 2021 , January 26, 2022 , January 31, 2022 , March 8, 2022 , March 21, 2022 , March 22, 2022 , April 6, 2022 , April 27, 2022 , May 10, 2022 , June 14, 2022 and June 23, 2022 ; and ● | The description of the Company’s common stock contained in the Company’s Registration Statement on Form 8-A , filed with the SEC on December 3, 2020, as updated by the description of capital stock contained in Exhibit 4.6 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021, filed with the SEC on March 22, 2022. In addition, all documents
subsequently filed by us pursuant to Sections 13(a), 13(c), 14 and 15(d) of the Exchange Act, shall be deemed to be incorporated by reference
in this prospectus and to be a part hereof from the date of filing of such documents. In addition, all reports and other documents filed
by us pursuant to the Exchange Act after the date of the initial registration statement and prior to effectiveness of the registration
statement shall be deemed to be incorporated by reference into this prospectus. Any statement contained in a document incorporated or
deemed to be incorporated by reference herein shall be deemed to be modified or superseded for purposes of this prospectus to the extent
that a statement contained herein or in any subsequently filed document that also is or is deemed to be incorporated by reference herein,
as the case may be, modifies or supersedes such statement. Any such statement so modified or superseded shall not be deemed, except as
so modified or superseded, to constitute a part of this prospectus. We will provide, without charge,
to any person, including any beneficial owner, to whom a copy of this prospectus is delivered, upon oral or written request of such person,
a copy of any or all of the documents that have been incorporated by reference in this prospectus but not delivered with the prospectus,
including any exhibits to such documents that are specifically incorporated by reference in those documents. Please make your request by writing or telephoning
us at the following address or telephone number: Ondas Holdings Inc. 411 Waverley Oaks Road Suite 114 Waltham, MA 02452 (888) 350-9994 9 WHERE YOU CAN FIND MORE INFORMATION We are currently subject to
the information requirements of the Exchange Act and in accordance therewith file periodic reports, proxy statements and other information
with the SEC. Our SEC filings will also be available to you on the SEC’s website at http://www.sec.gov . We have filed
with the SEC a registration statement on Form S–3 under the Securities Act for the shares of Common Stock being offered by the selling
stockholder. This prospectus does not contain all of the information in the registration statement and the exhibits and schedules that
were filed with the registration statement. For further information with respect to us and our common stock, we refer you to the registration
statement and the exhibits that were filed with the registration statement. Anyone may obtain the registration statement and its exhibits
and schedules from the SEC as described above. LEGAL MATTERS The validity of the shares of Common Stock
offered through this prospectus has been passed on by Snell & Wilmer L.L.P., Las Vegas, Nevada. EXPERTS The audited financial statements
of Ondas Holdings Inc. as of December 31, 2021 and December 31, 2020 and for the years then ended incorporated by reference in this prospectus
and elsewhere in the registration statement have been so incorporated in reliance upon the report of Rosenberg Rich Baker Berman, P.A.,
independent registered public accounting firm, upon the authority of said firm as experts in accounting and auditing. The audited financial statements
of American Robotics, Inc. as of December 31, 2020 and December 31, 2019 and for the years then ended incorporated by reference in this
prospectus and elsewhere in the registration statement have been so incorporated in reliance upon the report of Turner, Stone & Company,
L.L.P., independent public accounting firm, upon the authority of said firm as experts in accounting and auditing. 10 PART
II INFORMATION
NOT REQUIRED IN THE PROSPECTUS Item
14. Other Expenses of Issuance and Distribution. SEC registration fee | $ | 417.93
Legal fees and expenses | $ | 20,000 | *
Accounting fees and expenses | $ | 10,000 | *
Miscellaneous expenses | $ | 2,500 | *
Total | $ | 32,917.93 * | All amounts are estimates, other than the SEC’s registration fee. We
are paying all expenses of the offering listed above. No portion of these expenses will be borne by the selling stockholder. The selling
stockholder, however, will pay all underwriting discounts and selling commissions, if any. Item
15. Indemnification of Directors and Officers. Nevada
Revised Statutes provide that: ● | a corporation may indemnify any person who was or is a party or is threatened to be made a party to any threatened, pending or completed action, suit or proceeding, whether civil, criminal, administrative or investigative, except an action by or in the right of the corporation, by reason of the fact that he is or was a director, officer, employee or agent of the corporation, or is or was serving at the request of the corporation as a director, officer, employee or agent of another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise, against expenses, including attorneys’ fees, judgments, fines and amounts paid in settlement actually and reasonably incurred by him in connection with the action, suit or proceeding if he or she acted in good faith and in a manner which he or she reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the corporation, and, with respect to any criminal action or proceeding, had no reasonable cause to believe his or her conduct was unlawful; ● | a corporation may indemnify any person who was or is a party or is threatened to be made a party to any threatened, pending or completed action or suit by or in the right of the corporation to procure a judgment in its favor by reason of the fact that he or she is or was a director, officer, employee or agent of the corporation, or is or was serving at the request of the corporation as a director, officer, employee or agent of another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise against expenses, including amounts paid in settlement and attorneys’ fees actually and reasonably incurred by him or her in connection with the defense or settlement of the action or suit if he or she acted in good faith and in a manner which he or she reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the corporation. Indemnification may not be made for any claim, issue or matter as to which such a person has been adjudged by a court of competent jurisdiction, after exhaustion of all appeals therefrom, to be liable to the corporation or for amounts paid in settlement to the corporation, unless and only to the extent that the court in which the action or suit was brought or other court of competent jurisdiction determines upon application that in view of all the circumstances of the case, the person is fairly and reasonably entitled to indemnity for such expenses as the court deems proper; and ● | to the extent that a director, officer, employee or agent of a corporation has been successful on the merits or otherwise in defense of any action, suit or proceeding, or in defense of any claim, issue or matter therein, the corporation must indemnify him or her against expenses, including attorneys’ fees, actually and reasonably incurred by him or her in connection with the defense. Nevada
Revised Statutes provide that we may make any discretionary indemnification only as authorized in the specific case upon a determination
that indemnification of the director, officer, employee or agent is proper in the circumstances. The determination must be made: ● | by the stockholders; ● | by the board of directors by majority vote of a quorum consisting of directors who were not parties to the action, suit or proceeding; II- 1 ● | if a majority vote of a quorum consisting of directors who were not parties to the action, suit or proceeding so orders, by independent legal counsel in a written opinion; ● | if a quorum consisting of directors who were not parties to the action, suit or proceeding cannot be obtained, by independent legal counsel in a written opinion; or ● | by court order. Nevada
Revised Statutes provide that a corporation may purchase and maintain insurance or make other financial arrangements on behalf of any
person who is or was a director, officer, employee or agent of the corporation, or is or was serving at the request of the corporation
as a director, officer, employee or agent of another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise for any liability
asserted against him and liability and expenses incurred by him in his capacity as a director, officer, employee or agent, or arising
out of his status as such, whether or not the corporation has the authority to indemnify him against such liability and expenses. We
also maintain a general liability insurance policy, which covers certain liabilities of directors and officers of our company arising
out of claims based on acts or omissions in their capacities as directors or officers. Exclusive
Jurisdiction of Certain Actions Unless
we consent in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the Eighth Judicial District Court of Clark County of the State of Nevada
(the “Court”) shall be the sole and exclusive forum for any stockholder (including a beneficial owner) to bring (i) any derivative
action or proceeding brought on behalf of the Company, (ii) any action asserting a claim of breach of a fiduciary duty owed by any Director,
officer or other employee of the Company to the Company or the Company’s stockholders, (iii) any action asserting a claim against
the Company, any director or the Company’s officers or employees arising pursuant to any provision of the NRS, Chapters 78 or 92A
of the NRS or our Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation or our Bylaws, or (iv) any action asserting a claim against the Company,
any director or the Company’s officers or employees governed by the internal affairs doctrine. However, each of these clauses (i)
through (iv) will not apply to any claim (x) as to which the Court determines that there is an indispensable party not subject to the
jurisdiction of the Court (and the indispensable party does not consent to the personal jurisdiction of the Court within ten (10) days
following such determination), (y) for which the Court does not have subject matter jurisdiction, or (z) which is vested in the exclusive
jurisdiction of a court or forum other than the Court, including pursuant to Section 27 of the Exchange Act, which provides for exclusive
federal jurisdiction over suits brought to enforce any duty or liability created by the Exchange Act or the rules and regulations thereunder.
Furthermore, Section 22 of the Securities Act provides for concurrent jurisdiction for federal and state courts over all suits brought
to enforce any duty or liability created by the Securities Act or the rules and regulations thereunder, and as such the exclusive jurisdiction
clauses set forth above would not apply to such suits. Although
we believe these provisions benefit us by providing increased consistency in the application of Nevada law for the specified types of
actions and proceedings, the provisions may have the effect of discouraging lawsuits against us or our directors and officers. Any person
or entity purchasing or otherwise acquiring any interest in our shares of capital stock shall be deemed to have notice of and consented
to this exclusive forum provision, but will not be deemed to have waived our compliance with the federal securities laws and the rules
and regulations thereunder. We
have been advised that in the opinion of the SEC, insofar as indemnification for liabilities arising under the Securities Act may be
permitted to our directors, officers and other persons pursuant to the foregoing provisions, or otherwise, such indemnification is against
public policy as expressed in the Securities Act and is therefore unenforceable. In the event a claim for indemnification against such
liabilities (other than payment of expenses incurred or paid by a director or officer in the successful defense of any action, suit or
proceeding) is asserted by such director, officer or other person in connection with the securities being registered, we will, unless
in the opinion of our counsel the matter has been settled by controlling precedent, submit to a court of appropriate jurisdiction the
question of whether such indemnification is against public policy as expressed in the Securities Act and will be governed by the final
adjudication of such issue. II- 2 Item
16. Exhibits. Exhibit Number | Exhibit Description
3.1 | Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation of the Registrant, dated September 28, 2018 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on October 4, 2018 (File No. 333-205271)).
3.2 | Amended and Restated Bylaws of the Registrant, dated September 28, 2018 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on October 4, 2018 (File No. 333-205271)).
3.3 | Certificate of Designation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 17, 2020 (File No. 000-56004)).
3.4 | Certificate of Change (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on November 13, 2020 (File No. 000-56004)).
5.1 | Opinion of Snell & Wilmer L.L.P.*
10.1 | Lock-Up and Registration Rights Agreement, dated April 5, 2022, between Ondas Holdings Inc. and BAR Holdings, Inc. (f/k/a Ardenna, Inc.).*
23.1 | Consent of Snell & Wilmer L.L.P. (contained in Exhibit 5.1).
23.2 | Consent of Rosenberg Rich Baker Berman, P.A.*
23.3 | Consent of Turner, Stone & Company, L.L.P.*
24.1 | Power of Attorney (included with signature page on this Form S-3).
107 | Filing Fee Table.* * | Filed herewith. Item
17. Undertakings. The
undersigned registrant hereby undertakes: (a)(1) | To file, during any period in which offers or sales are being made, a post–effective amendment to this registration statement: (i) | To include any prospectus required by section 10(a)(3) of the Securities Act of 1933; (ii) | To reflect in the prospectus any facts or events arising after the effective date of the registration statement (or the most recent post-effective amendment thereof) which, individually or in the aggregate, represent a fundamental change in the information set forth in the registration statement. Notwithstanding the foregoing, any increase or decrease in volume of securities offered (if the total dollar value of securities offered would not exceed that which was registered) and any deviation from the low or high end of the estimated maximum offering range may be reflected in the form of prospectus filed with the Commission pursuant to Rule 424(b) if, in the aggregate, the changes in the volume and price represent no more than 20 percent change in the maximum aggregate offering price set forth in the “Calculation of Registration Fee” table in the effective registration statement; (iii) | To include any material information with respect to the plan of distribution not previously disclosed in this registration statement or any material change to such information in the registration statement; Provided,
however, that: paragraphs
(a)(1)(i), (a)(1)(ii), and (a)(1)(iii) of this section do not apply if the registration statement is on Form S-3 or Form F-3 and the
information required to be included in a post–effective amendment by those paragraphs is contained in reports filed with or furnished
to the Commission by the registrant pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 that are incorporated
by reference in the registration statement, or is contained in a form of prospectus filed pursuant to Rule 424(b) that is part of the
registration statement. (2) That,
for the purpose of determining any liability under the Securities Act of 1933, each such post–effective amendment shall be deemed
to be a new registration statement relating to the securities offered therein, and the offering of such securities at that time shall
be deemed to be the initial bona fide offering thereof. II- 3 (3) To
remove from registration by means of a post–effective amendment any of the securities being registered which remain unsold at the
termination of the offering. (4) That,
for the purpose of determining liability under the Securities Act of 1933 to any purchaser, each prospectus filed pursuant to Rule 424(b)
as part of a registration statement relating to an offering, other than registration statements relying on Rule 430B or other than prospectuses
filed in reliance on Rule 430A, shall be deemed to be part of and included in the registration statement as of the date it is first used
after effectiveness. Provided, however, that no statement made in a registration statement or prospectus that is part of the registration
statement or made in a document incorporated or deemed incorporated by reference into the registration statement or prospectus that is
part of the registration statement will, as to a purchaser with a time of contract of sale prior to such first use, supersede or modify
any statement that was made in the registration statement or prospectus that was part of the registration statement or made in any such
document immediately prior to such date of first use. (b) That,
for purposes of determining any liability under the Securities Act of 1933, each filing of the registrant’s annual report pursuant
to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (and, where applicable, each filing of an employee benefit plan’s
annual report pursuant to Section 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934) that is incorporated by reference in the registration
statement shall be deemed to be a new registration statement relating to the securities offered therein, and the offering of such securities
at that time shall be deemed to be the initial bona fide offering thereof. (c) Insofar
as indemnification for liabilities arising under the Securities Act of 1933 may be permitted to directors, officers, and controlling
persons of the registrant pursuant to the foregoing provisions, or otherwise, the registrant has been advised that in the opinion of
the Securities and Exchange Commission such indemnification is against public policy as expressed in the Securities Act and is, therefore,
unenforceable. In the event that a claim for indemnification against such liabilities (other than the payment by the registrant of expenses
incurred or paid by a director, officer, or controlling person of the registrant in the successful defense of any action, suit, or proceeding)
is asserted by such director, officer, or controlling person in connection with the securities being registered, the registrant will,
unless in the opinion of its counsel the matter has been settled by controlling precedent, submit to a court of appropriate jurisdiction
the question whether such indemnification by it is against public policy as expressed in the Securities Act and will be governed by the
final adjudication of such issue. II- 4 SIGNATURES Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, the registrant certifies that it has reasonable grounds to believe that it meets all
of the requirements for filing on Form S-3 and has duly caused this registration statement to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned,
thereunto duly authorized in the City of Waltham, Massachusetts, on this 1st day of July, 2022. ONDAS HOLDINGS INC.
By: | /s/ Eric A. Brock
Eric A. Brock
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer KNOW
ALL MEN BY THESE PRESENTS, that each person whose signature appears below constitutes and appoints Eric A. Brock and Derek R. Reisfield
and each of them, his or her true and lawful attorneys-in-fact and agents, with full power of substitution and resubstitution, for him
or her and in his or her name, place and stead, in any and all capacities, to sign any and all amendments (including post-effective amendments)
to this Registration Statement, and to file the same, with all exhibits thereto, and other documents in connection therewith, with the
Securities and Exchange Commission, granting unto said attorneys-in-fact and agents, and each of them, full power and authority to do
and perform each and every act and thing requisite and necessary to be done, as fully to all intents and purposes as he or she might
or could do in person, hereby ratifying and confirming all that said attorneys-in-fact and agents, or any of them, or his substitute
or substitutes, may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, this registration statement has been signed by the following persons in the capacities
and on the dates indicated. Signature | Title | Date
/s/ Eric A. Brock | Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and Director | July 1, 2022
Eric A. Brock | (Principal Executive Officer)
/s/ Derek R. Reisfield | President, Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer, Secretary and Director | July 1, 2022
Derek R. Reisfield | (Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer)
/s/ Thomas V. Bushey | Director | July 1, 2022
Thomas V. Bushey
/s/ Richard M. Cohen | Director | July 1, 2022
Richard M. Cohen
/s/ Randall P. Seidl | Director | July 1, 2022
Randall P. Seidl
/s/ Richard H. Silverman | Director | July 1, 2022
Richard H. Silverman
/s/ Jaspreet Sood | Director | July 1, 2022
Jaspreet Sood II-5