As filed with the Securities and Exchange
Commission on October 23, 2020 Registration No. 333- UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 FORM S-1 REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER THE SECURITIES
ACT OF 1933 ONDAS HOLDINGS INC.
(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) Nevada | 3663 | 47-2615102
(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) | (Primary Standard Industrial Classification Code Number) | (I.R.S. Employer Identification Number) 165 Gibraltar Court Sunnyvale, California 94089 (888) 350-9994 (Address, including zip code, and telephone number, including area code, of registrant’s principal executive offices) Eric A. Brock Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Ondas Holdings Inc. 165 Gibraltar Court Sunnyvale, CA 94089 (888) 350-9994 (Name, address, including zip code, and telephone number, including area code, of agent for service) With copies to: Michael Francis, Esq. Christina C. Russo, Esq. Akerman LLP 350 East Las Olas Boulevard, Suite 1600 Fort Lauderdale, FL 33301 (954) 463-2700 | Stuart Bressman, Esq. White & Case LLP 1221 Avenue of the Americas New York, New York 10020 (212) 819-8200 As soon as practicable after the effective date of this registration statement
(Approximate date of commencement of proposed sale to the public) If any of the securities being registered on this Form are
to be offered on a delayed or continuous basis pursuant to Rule 415 under the Securities Act of 1933, check the following box.
☐ If this Form is filed to register additional securities for
an offering pursuant to Rule 462(b) under the Securities Act, check the following box and list the Securities Act registration
statement number of the earlier effective registration statement for the same offering. ☐ If this Form is a post-effective amendment filed pursuant to
Rule 462(c) under the Securities Act, check the following box and list the Securities Act registration statement number of the
earlier effective registration statement for the same offering. ☐ If this Form is a post-effective amendment filed pursuant to
Rule 462(d) under the Securities Act, check the following box and list the Securities Act registration statement number of the
earlier effective registration statement for the same offering. ☐ Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated
filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions
of “large accelerated filer,” “accelerated filer,” “smaller reporting company,” and “emerging
growth company” in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. Large accelerated filer ☐ | Accelerated filer ☒
Non-accelerated filer ☐ | Smaller reporting company ☒
Emerging growth company ☒ If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the
registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards
provided pursuant to Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the Securities Act. ☐ Calculation
of Registration Fee Title of Each Class of Securities to be Registered | Proposed Maximum Aggregate Offering Price (1) | Amount of Registration Fee (3)
Common Stock, $0.0001 par value per share (2) | $ | 25,000,000 | $ | 2,727.50 | (4) (1) | Includes the public offering price of shares that the underwriters have the option to purchase to cover overallotments, if any. Estimated solely for the purpose of calculating the amount of the registration fee pursuant to Rule 457(o) under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended.
(2) | Pursuant to Rule 416 of the Securities Act, the securities being registered hereunder include such indeterminate number of additional shares of common stock as may be issued after the date hereof as a result of stock splits, stock dividends or similar transactions.
(3) | Calculated pursuant to Rule 457(o) based on an estimate of the proposed maximum aggregate initial public offering price.
(4) | Pursuant to Rule 457(p) under the Securities Act, a filing fee of $6,666.00 has previously been paid with respect to securities to be registered pursuant to a Registration Statement on Form S-1 (Registration No. 333-230855) initially filed with the SEC on April 12, 2019, as amended by Amendment No. 1 filed with the SEC on May 29, 2019, Amendment No. 2 filed with the SEC on June 6, 2019, Amendment No. 3 filed with the SEC on June 18, 2019, and Amendment No. 4 filed with the SEC on July 19, 2019, which was withdrawn prior to effectiveness. As a result, $2,727.50 of the $6,666.00 filing fee associated with such securities is being carried forward and is being offset against the $2,727.50 filing fee currently due in connection with this filing. The registrant hereby amends this registration statement
on such date or dates as may be necessary to delay its effective date until the registrant shall file a further amendment which
specifically states that this registration statement shall thereafter become effective in accordance with Section 8(a) of the Securities
Act, or until the registration statement shall become effective on such date as the Commission, acting pursuant to said Section
8(a), may determine. Subject to completion,
dated October 23, 2020 The information in this preliminary
prospectus is not complete and may be changed. We may not sell these securities until the registration statement filed with the
Securities and Exchange Commission is effective. This preliminary prospectus is not an offer to sell nor does it seek an offer
to buy these securities in any jurisdiction where the offer or sale is not permitted. PRELIMINARY
PROSPECTUS $ Common
Stock We
are offering $ shares of our common stock of Ondas
Holdings Inc. at an assumed offering price of $ per
share (based on the last reported sale price of our common stock on OTCQB (as defined below)
on , 2020). Our
common stock is quoted on the OTCQB of OTC Markets Group, Inc. (the “OTCQB”), under the symbol “ONDS,”
and, to date, has traded on a limited basis. As of October 22, 2020, the last reported sale price of our common stock on OTCQB
Market was $ 4.00 . We have applied to list our common stock on The Nasdaq Stock Market
(the “Nasdaq”) under the symbol “ONDS.” We
are an “emerging growth company” under applicable Securities and Exchange Commission rules and will be subject to
reduced public company reporting requirements. Per share | Total
Public offering price | $ | $
Underwriting discounts and commissions (1) | $ | $
Proceeds to Ondas Holdings Inc., before expenses | $ | $ (1) | The underwriters will receive compensation in addition to the underwriting discount. See “Underwriting” beginning on page 79. The underwriters have the option to purchase up to an additional shares from us at the public offering price, less the underwriting discounts and commissions, within 30 days after the date of this prospectus to cover overallotments, if any. Investing in our common stock involves a high degree of risk.
 See “Risk Factors,” beginning on page 11. Neither
the Securities and Exchange Commission nor any state securities commission has approved or disapproved of these securities or
passed upon the adequacy or accuracy of this prospectus. Any representation to the contrary is a criminal offense. The
underwriters expect to deliver the shares of common stock to investors on or about , 2020. Sole
Book-Running Manager Oppenheimer
& Co. Lead
Manager National
Securities Corporation Co-Managers Northland Capital Markets | Spartan Capital Securities, LLC The
date of this prospectus is , 2020 TABLE
OF CONTENTS PROSPECTUS SUMMARY | 1
THE OFFERING | 9
SUMMARY FINANCIAL DATA | 10
RISK FACTORS | 11
SPECIAL NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS | 29
USE OF PROCEEDS | 30
MARKET FOR COMMON EQUITY AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS | 31
DIVIDEND POLICY | 31
CAPITALIZATION | 32
DILUTION | 33
MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS | 35
BUSINESS | 48
MANAGEMENT | 65
CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS | 71
CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES | 73
SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT | 75
DESCRIPTION OF CAPITAL STOCK | 76
SHARES ELIGIBLE FOR FUTURE SALE | 78
UNDERWRITING | 79
LEGAL MATTERS | 84
EXPERTS | 84
WHERE YOU CAN FIND MORE INFORMATION | 84
INDEX TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS | F-1
PART II INFORMATION NOT REQUIRED IN PROSPECTUS | II-1 We
have not authorized anyone to provide any information or to make any representations other than those contained in this prospectus
or in any free writing prospectuses we have prepared. We take no responsibility for, and can provide no assurance as to the reliability
of, any other information that others may give you. This prospectus is an offer to sell only the shares offered hereby, but only
under circumstances and in jurisdictions where it is lawful to do so. The information contained in this prospectus is current
only as of its date. For
investors outside the United States: We have not, and the underwriters have not, done anything that would permit this offering
or possession or distribution of this prospectus in any jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required, other than the
United States. Persons outside of the United States who come into possession of this prospectus must inform themselves about,
and observe any restrictions relating to, the offering of the shares of common stock and the distribution of this prospectus outside
of the United States. Market
and Other Industry Data Unless
otherwise indicated, market data and certain industry forecasts used throughout this prospectus were obtained from various sources,
including internal surveys, market research, consultant surveys, publicly available information and industry publications and
surveys. Industry surveys, publications, consultant surveys and forecasts generally state that the information contained therein
has been obtained from sources believed to be reliable, but that the accuracy and completeness of such information is not guaranteed.
We have not independently verified any of the data from third-party sources nor have we ascertained the underlying economic assumptions
relied upon therein. Similarly, internal surveys, industry forecasts and market research, which we believe to be reliable based
upon our management’s knowledge of the industry, have not been independently verified. The future performance of the industry
and markets in which we operate and intend to operate is necessarily subject to a high degree of uncertainty and risk due to a
variety of factors, including those described in the sections titled “Risk Factors” and “Special Note Regarding
Forward-looking Statements” and elsewhere in this prospectus. These and other factors could cause results to differ materially
from those expressed in these publications and reports. i PROSPECTUS
SUMMARY This
summary highlights selected information contained elsewhere in this prospectus and does not contain all the information that you
should consider before making your investment decision. Before investing in our common stock, you should carefully read this entire
prospectus, including the information set forth under the “Risk Factors” and “Management’s Discussion
and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” sections of this prospectus and our consolidated financial
statements and the accompanying notes included in this prospectus. Except as otherwise indicated herein or as the context otherwise
requires, references in this prospectus to “Ondas Holdings,” the “Company,” “we,” “us,”
and “our” refer to Ondas Holdings Inc. and our consolidated subsidiaries, including our wholly-owned subsidiary, Ondas
Networks Inc.; references to “Ondas Networks” refers to our wholly-owned subsidiary, Ondas Networks Inc. Overview Ondas
Networks provides wireless connectivity solutions enabling mission-critical Industrial Internet applications and services. We
refer to these applications as the Mission-Critical Internet of Things (“MC-IoT”). The Company’s wireless networking
products are applicable to a wide range of MC-IoT applications which are most often located at the very edge of large industrial
networks. These applications require secure, real time connectivity with the ability to process large amounts of data at the edge.
Such applications are required in all of the major critical infrastructure markets including rail, electric grids, drones, oil
and gas, and public safety and government, where secure, reliable and fast operational decisions are required in order to improve
efficiency and ensure a high degree of safety and security. We design, develop, manufacture, sell and support FullMAX, our patented,
Software Defined Radio (“SDR”) platform for secure, licensed, private, wide-area broadband networks. Our customers
install FullMAX systems in order to upgrade and expand their legacy wide-area network (“WAN”) infrastructure. Our
MC-IoT intellectual property has been adopted by the Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers (“IEEE”), the
leading worldwide standards body in data networking protocols, and forms the core of the IEEE 802.16s standard. Ondas has taken
a leadership position in IEEE as it relates to wireless networking for industrial markets given that standards-based communications
solutions are preferred by our mission-critical customers and ecosystem partners. As such, management believes this standards-based
approach supports the adoption of the Company’s technology across a burgeoning ecosystem of partners and end markets. Our
FullMAX SDR platform is an important and timely upgrade solution for privately-owned and operated wireless WANs, leveraging Internet
Protocol-based communications to provide more reliability and data capacity for our mission-critical infrastructure customers.
Critical infrastructure markets throughout the globe have reached an inflection point where legacy serial and analog based protocols
and network transport systems no longer meet industry needs. In addition to offering enhanced data throughput, FullMAX is an intelligent
networking platform enabling the adoption of sophisticated operating systems and equipment supporting next-generation MC-IoT applications
over wide field areas. These new MC-IoT applications and related equipment require more processing power at the edge and the efficient
utilization of network capacity and scarce bandwidth resources which can be supported by the “Fog-computing” capability
integrated in our end-to-end network platform. Fog-computing utilizes management software to enable edge compute processing and
data and application prioritization in the field enabling our customers more reliable, real-time operating control of these new,
intelligent MC-IoT equipment and applications at the Edge. 1 We
sell our products and services globally through a direct sales force and value-added sales partners to critical infrastructure
providers including major rail operators, commercial and industrial drone operators, electric and gas utilities, water and wastewater
utilities, oil and gas producers and pipeline operators, and for other critical infrastructure applications in areas such as homeland
security and defense, and transportation. We continue to develop our value-added reseller relationships which today include a
major strategic partnership with Siemens Mobility for the development of new types of wireless connectivity for the North American
Rail. We believe our Siemens’ partnership is indicative of the potential for additional Tier 1 partnerships in our other
vertical markets including securing reseller relationships with major suppliers to the worldwide government and homeland security
markets. These partnerships are being driven by the flexibility of our FullMAX software to support legacy industrial protocols
(e.g. Push to Talk Voice, Dial-up Serial Data Communications, and Advanced Train Control System – ATCS) while simultaneously
operating our state of the art MC-IoT protocols. This dual and multi-mode software capability provides major industrial customers
with a seamless migration path to advanced internet-protocol-based networks. Over time, these legacy functions, like Push to Talk
Voice and ATCS, are transformed into just several of many new data applications we can support. Background The
Internet of Things (“IoT”) is transforming the way businesses and industries function with a massive shift from on-premise
locally executed software to cloud computing. IoT is applicable across all global consumer, enterprise, industrial and government
markets. By storing and processing data using cloud technology, there is now an ability to access, analyze and utilize vast amounts
of information and liberate operators from accessing data in limited amounts. Cloud computing has enabled the access of additional
features on IoT devices such as smartphones, computers and laptops without the need for investing in additional computing power
or memory. However,
specific areas of IoT, particularly the mission-critical industrial markets, have additional requirements when compared to enterprise
and consumer markets. With industrial markets, the bulk of the critical assets are dispersed over vast field area operations and
varying geographical locations. This wide dispersion of assets shifts the emphasis from the centralized private Cloud to the network
edge and Fog which requires reliance on edge computing and the processing of data in the field, closer to the source of the data
generation. The primary benefit of Fog networks is to enable the execution of mission-critical functions and manage and operate
intelligent field equipment and systems many of which require real-time decision-making. Edge computing is required for low-latency
applications where real-time performance is critical for safety and efficient systems performance. In addition, processing data
closer to the source improves reliability and offers security benefits. The Fog and edge computing advantages enabled by our FullMAX
technology are now driving the adoption of our connectivity solutions by some of the largest industrial companies worldwide including
the major North American freight rail operators. In
a MC-IoT wide-area network, a Fog-computing architecture requires an intelligent communications system able to manage all network
resources, including edge remotes, smart equipment and machinery and other network elements such as sensor networks. Importantly,
advanced MC-IoT applications require highly reliable network performance over the air with customized Quality of Service (“QoS”)
standards which are not available in legacy narrowband wireless networks. The intelligent communications system is coordinated
via base stations which contain network management software algorithms designed to control critical operations and distribute
bandwidth across multiple edge computing applications required by customers. The Fog-computing environment can be further enhanced
by high-power edge remote radios with embedded computing power and software providing the ability to host MC-IoT software applications
or to reliably interface with intelligent equipment and sensor networks deployed across the field of operations. The interplay
between base stations and remote edge radios requires a robust software communications layer to ensure that network performance
and operating data is properly communicated to the corporate cloud located in the network operations center. For
example, the North American freight rail operators are seeking to deploy new, on-locomotive and wayside MC-IoT technologies along
the track in order to reliably enhance safety and improve efficiency and profitability of train operations. These rail operators
currently operate antiquated legacy communications systems utilizing serial based narrowband wireless technologies for voice and
data communications. These legacy wireless networks have limited data capacity and are unable to support the adoption of new,
intelligent train control and management systems. In addition to data capacity challenges, rail operators need to reliably cover
the vast and often remotely located rail track and related infrastructure which extends nationwide over 140,000 miles. The rail
operators require a next-generation, robust broadband system with significantly increased data throughput capacity and Fog networking
capability. A transition to integrated Fog-computing communications wireless systems will enable the rail operators to drive more
intelligence to the edge of their operating environments enabling real time automation and better operator control of many critical
operating systems related to train control, crossing safety, train and track integrity and drone operations. This upgrade cycle
is being driven by a recent key event which occurred in May 2020 in which the Class 1 rail systems in the U.S. were awarded new
nationwide “greenfield” wideband radio spectrum by the Federal Communications Committee (“FCC”). As part
of the award, the rail operators are required, over the next three years, to vacate a series of legacy narrowband channels. The
completion of this multiyear negotiation between the FCC and other licensed users is projected to generate a major network upgrade
cycle for the rail industry. 2 There
are many other mission-critical industries across the globe operating private networks that are similarly constrained by their
legacy narrowband wireless communications systems. The lack of bandwidth, appropriate software and integrated edge computing and
Fog capability are a bottleneck for the adoption of next-generation MC-IoT applications and intelligent equipment that can serve
to create more efficient, profitable, and safer operations. This can be seen in Land Mobile Radio (“LMR”) markets
where legacy critical voice networks lack increasingly valuable data capacity and next generation networks such as FullMAX can
provide voice over IP as a data application. Similarly, the adoption of smart grid technologies by electric utilities, well pump
automation systems by oil producers and new navigation systems for commercial and industrial drones require new, robust wireless
network platforms such as FullMAX that can also offer the capability of Fog-computing architectures. Our
Platform Solution Ondas was founded in 2006 to develop a new type
of radio platform specifically to meet the evolving data needs of large industrial and government customers and markets. 
These markets are differentiated from consumer markets in that the customers assets are dispersed over very wide and remote geographies
with specific challenges to installation, maintenance, and upgrades. These challenges led us to design a new type of software-based
radio platform capable of supporting a long useful life to the network hardware. Instead of using dedicated communications
chipsets (“ASICs”), which have high development costs and limited upgrade flexibility, we selected powerful programmable
embedded general-purpose processors, DSPs, and FPGAs, all of which are software upgradable. Our software defined radio (“SDR”)
architecture, with more than 12 years in development and supported by a team of 45 software engineers, allows us to customize almost
any aspect of the air interface protocol, the key components of which are patented and have been incorporated into new IEEE wireless
standards. The ability to constantly improve customer networks and hosted software applications with flexible, over-the-air software
upgrade creates customer stickiness with high switching costs. FullMAX
Software: Our FullMAX SDR platform is designed to enable highly secure and reliable industrial-grade connectivity for truly mission-critical
applications. An end-to-end FullMAX network consists of connected wireless base stations, fixed and mobile edge radios and supporting
technology all enabled by critical software developed and owned by Ondas. The target customers for our products operate in critical
infrastructure sectors of the global economy. Private wireless networks are typically the preferred choice of these large industrial
customers with business operations spanning large field areas. Private networks provide enhanced protection against cyber terrorism,
as well as natural and man-made disasters, and the ability for the operator to maintain and control their desired quality of service. In
many of our industrial end markets, the adoption of low-cost Edge computing and increased penetration of “smart machinery”
and sensors is driving demand for higher bandwidth, next-generation networks for IoT applications such as those powered by FullMAX.
These new technologies often require Fog-computing capabilities to maximize their utility to customers. The Fog-computing capability
integrated in our end-to-end FullMAX SDR platform is valued by our customers and ecosystem partners as they seek to leverage the
value of MC-IoT applications for improved safety, efficiency, and profitability. Our IEEE 802.16s compliant equipment is designed
to optimize performance of unused or underutilized low frequency licensed radio spectrum and narrower channels. We do this through
various patented software algorithms including via “spectrum harvesting” techniques which aggregate narrowband channels
to create increased broadband network capacity. Our channel aggregation algorithms include the ability to aggregate hard to utilize,
non-contiguous narrowband channels and are a hallmark feature of a FullMAX broadband system. Consequently, a FullMAX wireless
network is significantly less expensive to build compared to traditional LTE and 5G networks given its ability to optimize the
performance of lower cost, low frequency radio spectrum and provide much greater coverage and capacity. The critical software algorithms powering
our end-to-end FullMAX wireless SDR platform and related Fog-computing architecture have been developed by and are owned by Ondas.
FullMAX is an intelligent networking system which integrates core network management systems with edge computing resources including
computing hardware and MC-IoT software applications. In the MC-IoT Fog enabled by FullMAX, base stations are enabled with a highly
configurable Quality of Service algorithms which coordinate the data traffic within the Fog for both the edge radio and the resident
MC-IoT applications. The intelligent base stations control and manage all network resources including the Ondas edge remotes;
dynamically allocating bandwidth, prioritizing data packets and managing edge applications. The intelligent software-managed base
stations determine whether to process data at the edge, distribute data traffic across the Fog to other edge remote radios or
to transport information to the corporate Cloud. Ondas’ Edge remotes have embedded compute capability and are able to host
MC-IoT applications including those from third party vendors via virtualized software systems managed in docker / container architectures
and can also manage data from intelligent equipment or sensor networks that interface with the edge remotes in the field. The
Ondas software-managed edge remotes offer security via authentication, multi-layer encryption and virtual software firewalls which
are requirements for mission-critical data networks. 3 Our
FullMAX Software Defined Radio platform: ● | offers a dedicated private network for industrial applications which safeguards critical assets and information and protects against cyberattacks;
● | has frequency agility with the capability to operate in any frequency between 70 MHz and 6 GHz;
● | may be deployed in a wide variety of narrow and broadband channel sizes and can aggregate non-contiguous channels; and
● | implements standard and enhanced versions of the IEEE 802.16 protocol, the new 802.16s amendment, and the planned 802.16t enhancements FullMAX System: FullMAX base stations and edge
radios are deployed by our customers to create wide-area wireless communication networks. A FullMAX network provides end-to-end
IP connectivity, allowing critical infrastructure providers to extend their secure corporate networks into the far reaches of their
service territories. A FullMAX network also provides more data capacity allowing our customers to transition legacy applications
such critical Push-to-Talk Voice operating in legacy LMR networks to Voice over IP data networks which provide network capacity
for other data requirements alongside voice. We refer to these networks as Land Mobile Data Radio (LMDR) systems. FullMAX
radios can operate at high transmit power (up to 100 watts) at both the base station and edge remote sites providing fixed and
mobile data connectivity up to 30 miles from the tower site. This results in up to 2,800 square miles of coverage from a single
FullMAX tower compared with the 28 square miles typically supported by other 4G technologies and three-square miles by 5G technologies.
This dramatically reduces the infrastructure cost of building and operating a private Fog network. For example, to cover a territory
of over 10,000 square miles may require only four FullMAX towers compared with more than 350 typical 4G towers, depending on the
topography of the region. We
also provide a variety of services associated with the sale of our FullMAX products including network design, RF planning, product
training and spectrum consulting. We provide customers with technical support, extended hardware warranties, and software. Our
Strategy Our
goal is to be a global leader in providing secure wireless connectivity solutions enabling high-bandwidth, mission-critical Industrial
Internet applications and services. We intend to leverage our patented FullMAX technology and the IEEE 802.16s standard to achieve
this goal. We have adopted a “Deep and Wide” marketing strategy designed to drive adoption of our mission-critical
connectivity solutions into global critical infrastructure end markets. Our strategy is to deeply penetrate the Class 1 Freight
Rail, government and aviation markets while continuing the expansion of our distribution and support capabilities alongside ecosystem
partners such as Siemens into adjacent vertical end markets such as oil and gas, electric, gas and water utilities and military
sectors. The
key elements of our growth strategy include the following: ● | Deliver on sales pipeline opportunities;
● | Secure additional marketing partnerships and OEM relationships;
● | Develop new products and features to continuously improve our customer value; and
● | Expand our MC-IoT capabilities via partnerships, joint ventures, or acquisitions. In
executing our go-to-market strategy, we intend to monetize our software-based intellectual property and grow revenue and cash
flow with embedded FullMAX software sales, Software-as-a-Service (“SaaS”) arrangements, IP royalties based on Ondas
software and through additional services provided to customers and ecosystem partners. Customers deploy our connectivity and Fog-computing
platform in private networks that designed for lifetimes of 10 – 15 years or even longer. Our FullMAX platform is software-defined
and offers customers flexibility to expand capacity and evolve network utilization. Similarly, our ecosystem partners often integrate
our FullMAX software and wireless capability into their own equipment and systems which their customers purchase and deploy are
also designed for long lifetimes. As such, we believe our software solutions provide ongoing revenue opportunities and sales models
both related to both connectivity value and edge computing capability. Customers and ecosystem partners will require ongoing FullMAX
system and security enhancements and for us to design additional features which create opportunities for additional, recurring
revenue and profit streams. Our monetization strategies include: Systems
sales: Our FullMAX deployments are typically large, mission-critical wide-area networks deployed and privately operated by our
industrial and government customers. These end-to-end system deployments involve sales consisting of both base stations and edge
radio end points with embedded FullMAX software and network management software and tools. 4 Software
and hardware maintenance agreements: Our customers contract for extended software and hardware maintenance which provide them
with critical ongoing support for their installed network. These SaaS contracts provide revenue to Ondas in the year following
an initial installation. Software maintenance licenses entitle the customer to ongoing software and security upgrades as well
as enabling the provision of additional system features. Similarly, hardware maintenance programs provide customers extended equipment
warranty terms for an installed network. These SaaS maintenance arrangements allow our customers to continue to maintain a modern,
flexible, and upgradeable network over a long period of time. These agreements may extend for multiple years given the long average
life of the installed and growing network. Licensing
/ Royalties: In certain system deployments, our ecosystem partners will choose to embed FullMAX software into their own hardware
and software platforms providing Ondas with an ongoing per device multi-year revenue stream. Licensing is an effective way for
an ecosystem partner to generate customer activity. Alternatively, a partner may choose to develop software based on our intellectual
property generating royalty revenue. Other
Services: We provide ancillary services directly related to the sale of our wireless communications products which include wireless
network design, systems engineering, radio frequency planning, software configuration, product training, installation, and onsite
support. Furthermore, we also provide engineering and product development services to ecosystem partners who are interested in
integrating their intelligent equipment with our FullMAX SDR platform and need our expertise to do so. The
Siemens Partnership In
April 2020, we entered into a strategic partnership with Siemens Mobility, a separately managed company of Siemens AG (“Siemens”),
to jointly develop wireless communications products for the North American Rail Industry based on Siemens’ Advanced Train Control
System (“ATCS”) protocol and our MC-IoT platform, for availability in the second half of 2020. These dual-mode ATCS/MC-IoT
radio systems will support Siemens’ extensive installed base of ATCS radios as well as offer Siemens’ customers the ability to
support a host of new advanced rail applications utilizing our MC-IoT wireless system. These new applications, including Advanced
Grade Crossing Activation and Monitoring, Wayside Inspection, Railcar Monitoring and support for next generation signaling and
train control systems, are designed to increase railroad productivity, reduce costs and improve safety. The new ATCS-compatible
products will be introduced in two phases, including a field-selectable ATCS or MC-IoT remote radio available in the fourth quarter
of 2020. Furthermore, Siemens has begun to market and sell Siemens-branded MC-IoT wireless systems based on our technology platforms. The
North American Rail Network is vast in scale, consisting of 140,000 miles of track, 25,000 locomotives, 1.6 million railcars and
200,000 highway crossings. A significant portion of the communications infrastructure has been in operation for more than 20 years
and now requires a technological upgrade to support new applications and increased capacity requirements. Our MC-IoT platform
offers an excellent migration path for these applications. The Class I Railroads value the ability of the Ondas’ frequency-agnostic
SDR architecture to enable a substantial capacity increase utilizing the railroad’s existing wireless infrastructure and
dedicated Federal Communications Commission (“FCC”) licensed radio frequencies, as well as the flexibility to adapt
to and take advantage of future changes in spectrum availability. We
believe the Siemens partnership validates our wireless connectivity solutions and will accelerate the adoption of our wireless
technology in the North American Class I Railroad market. We believe Siemens has both the sales and marketing reach and support
to drive our technology to wide scale acceptance. Siemens also brings Ondas access to the North American transit market where
our technology has broad potential. In addition to our strategic partnership with Siemens Mobility, we expect to establish additional
formal sales and marketing partnerships and OEM relationships with other leading Tier 1 vendors of industrial equipment in 2020. 5 The
Market for Our Products Our
FullMAX system of Software Defined Radios, base stations, fixed and mobile edge radios and supporting technology is designed to
enable highly secure and reliable Industrial-grade connectivity for truly mission-critical applications. We offer a range of products
with different options for narrowband and broadband applications. Our SDR platforms offer unmatched flexibility with respect to
the radio frequencies in which they operate (ranging from 70 MHz to 6 GHz) and channel size configurations (ranging from 12.5
kHz to 10 MHz). The
global end markets for our MC-IoT solutions are established, large, and we believe, poised to grow rapidly given the key role
connectivity will play in next generation IoT-type applications. Firms like Cisco Systems, Inc. and Gartner, Inc. forecast that
there will be billions of connected IoT devices installed by year end 2020; many of which will be deployed for industrial applications.
Dell’Oro Group, Inc. estimates that Wide Area IoT spending, including low power WAN deployments with which we compete, will
reach $33.0 billion for carriers and infrastructure vendors by 2022, growing approximately 2.5Xs from 2017. In many of our industrial
end markets, we believe the adoption of low-cost edge computing and increased penetration of “smart machinery” is
driving demand for next-generation networks for IoT applications such as those powered by FullMAX. Demand for edge computing solutions
is growing rapidly and adopting edge computing applications can help our customers run their businesses more efficiently, profitably,
and safely. According to MarketsandMarkets the market for global edge computing solutions is expected to grow over 34% per year
from $3.6 billion in 2020 to $15.7 billion by 2025. Ondas is leveraging its industry expertise and FullMAX connectivity and Fog-computing
platform to develop an enhanced range of products to capitalize on this expanding opportunity with the goal of becoming the leading
supplier of private industrial networks. According
to research firm MarketsandMarkets, worldwide spending on communications by the electric utility sector is estimated to grow over
15% per year and is expected to reach $15.4 billion annually by 2021. This growth is being driven by distributed and renewable
power generation projects and regulatory requirements for secure and reliable power generation and distribution as the industry
deals with aging infrastructure. Market forecasts for oil and gas producers, water and wastewater utilities, homeland security,
transportation and other critical infrastructure segments are similarly large. According to Market Reports World, the global LMR
market generates over $17 billion in revenue annually. In oil and gas, MarketsandMarkets forecasts that spending on oilfield communications
will reach $4.5 billion by 2022, which would represent an annual growth of 7.9% from today. In addition, the U.S. Railroad sector
is expected to spend over $10.0 billion in aggregate by 2020 to fully implement Positive Train Control (“PTC”) safety
functions as required by Federal regulations according to the American Association of Railroads. Our innovative, standards-based
FullMAX system offers Unmanned Aircraft Systems (“UAS”) operators and users a high-performing, cost-effective solution
for reliable command and control of drones. The end market opportunity for UAS network solutions is large and rapidly growing.
According to analysts at Barclays Capital, spending on commercial drones will rise 10-fold over five years from $4 billion to
nearly $40 billion in 2024. The U.S. Federal Aviation Administration (“FAA”) raised its forecast in 2019 and now expects
over 450,000 commercial drones flying in the U.S. by 2022, a four-fold increase from 2017. Improvements in drone navigation capability
allowing for the safe command and control of industrial UAS beyond visual line of sight (“BVLOS”) will be a key enabler
driving the growth of the UAS market. Industrial UAS applications offer significant value to our core critical infrastructure
markets and the economy at large, which supports the growth outlook for this market. In addition to broad use by government agencies
and agriculture markets, utilities, railroads, and oil and gas industries are actively evaluating, or are in the process of incorporating,
the extensive use of drones into their business operations. These critical infrastructure sectors can realize substantial savings
and improved reliability in operations from deploying drones to monitor and inspect their remote infrastructure and assets. Recent
Developments In
August 2020, the Company entered into securities purchase agreements with certain purchasers, which provided for the sale of
an aggregate of $4.435 million of the Company’s Series A Convertible Preferred Stock (the “Series A
Preferred”) at a cash purchase price of $2.00 per share (the “Purchase Price”) (the “2020
Offering”). Pursuant to the purchase agreements, the Company issued an aggregate of 2,217,500 shares of Series A
Preferred to the investors. In connection with the 2020 Offering, Eric Brock, the Company’s Chief Executive Officer
purchased 157,500 shares of Series A Preferred. The aggregate gross proceeds to the Company from the 2020 Offering was $4.435
million. After payment of offering expenses, the net proceeds to the Company from the 2020 Offering was approximately $4.21
million. In connection with the 2020 Offering, on August 27, 2020, an outstanding note, with an aggregate of $265,779
principal and interest outstanding, was converted into an aggregate of 132,890 shares of Series A Preferred, pursuant to the
terms of such outstanding note and the debt owed under the outstanding note was extinguished. Immediately following
the 2020 Offering, the Company had cash and cash equivalents of approximately $4.36 million. On September 4, 2020, Ondas Networks and Steward Capital Holdings,
LP (“Steward Capital”) entered into the Second Amendment to Loan and Security Agreement entered into between the parties
on March 9, 2018 (the “Steward Capital Agreement”), to (i) extend and amend the Maturity Date , as defined in
Section 1.1 of the Steward Capital Agreement, to read in its entirety “means September 9, 2021”, (ii) capitalize all
accrued interest into the note(s) resulting in a new principal balance of $11,254,236.14 as of September 9, 2020, and (iii) waive
the requirement of monthly interest only payments beginning on September 9, 2020 with all accrued and unpaid interest due and payable
on the Maturity Date. In connection with the waivers, extension and amendment, the Company agreed to pay to Steward Capital, (i)
a fee equal to three percent (3%) of the current outstanding principal balance of the Loan (as defined in the Steward Capital Agreement),
due on the Maturity Date, and (ii) the issuance of 120,000 shares of the Company's common stock on or before October 1, 2020 (the
“Steward Capital Shares”). The Steward Capital Shares were issued on September 30, 2020. 6 Risks
Related to Our Business Investing
in our common stock involves substantial risk. You should carefully consider all of the information in this prospectus before
investing in our common stock, including the risks related to this offering and our common stock, our business and industry, our
intellectual property, our financial results, and our need for financing, each as described under the section titled “Risk
Factors” and elsewhere in this prospectus. Risks
in investing in our common stock include but are not limited to: ● | We have incurred significant operating losses since inception and cannot assure you that we will ever achieve or sustain profitability.
● | The IEEE 802.16s wireless broadband standard is newly published and adoption of this standard by customers in our target critical infrastructure sectors is uncertain.
● | Our growth depends in part on the success of our strategic partnerships with third parties such as Siemens Mobility as well as on our ability to establish a broad range of additional ecosystem relationships with leading global industrial vendors.
● | Any outbreak or worsening of an outbreak of contagious diseases, or other adverse public health developments, could have a material and adverse effect on our business operations, financial condition and results of operations.
● | We do not control certain aspects of the manufacture of our product, including the supply of key components used to build our products and we also depend on a limited number of manufacturers.
● | We may not be able to generate sufficient cash to service our indebtedness, which currently consists of the secured loans with Steward Capital.
● | If we do not obtain additional capital to fund our growth, operations, and obligations, our growth may be limited.
● | We have limited trading activity and a result, the price of our common stock might fluctuate significantly and you could lose all or part of your investment.
● | There is a limited market for our securities, which may make it more difficult to dispose of our securities and we may fail to sustain trading on Nasdaq, which could make it more difficult for investors to sell their shares.
● | We are an “emerging growth company” and, as a result of the reduced disclosure and governance requirements applicable to emerging growth companies, our common stock may be less attractive to investors. Implications
of Being an Emerging Growth Company We
are an “emerging growth company” as defined in the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act of 2012, as amended, or the
JOBS Act. We will remain an emerging growth company until the earlier of (1) December 31, 2021, (2) the last day of the fiscal
year in which we have total annual gross revenue of at least $1.07 billion, (3) the last day of the fiscal year in which we are
deemed to be a “large accelerated filer” as defined in Rule 12b-2 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended,
or the Exchange Act, which would occur if the market value of our common stock held by non-affiliates exceeded $700.0 million
as of the last business day of the second fiscal quarter of such fiscal year or (4) the date on which we have issued more than
$1.0 billion in non-convertible debt securities during the prior three-year period. An emerging growth company may take advantage
of specified reduced reporting requirements and is relieved of certain other significant requirements that are otherwise generally
applicable to public companies. As an emerging growth company, may
present only two years of audited financial statements, plus unaudited condensed financial statements for any interim period,
and related management’s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations in this prospectus; we
may avail ourselves of the exemption from the requirement to obtain an attestation and report from our auditors on the assessment
of our internal control over financial reporting pursuant to the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, or Sarbanes-Oxley; we
may provide reduced disclosure about our executive compensation arrangements; and 7 we
may not require stockholder non-binding advisory votes on executive compensation or golden parachute arrangements. In
addition, under the JOBS Act, an emerging growth company can delay the adoption of certain accounting standards until those standards
would otherwise apply to private companies. We have irrevocably elected not to avail ourselves of this extended transition period,
and, as a result, we will adopt new or revised accounting standards on the relevant dates on which adoption of such standards
is required for other public companies. We
are also a “smaller reporting company” as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act and have elected to take advantage
of certain of the scaled disclosure available to smaller reporting companies. Corporate
History Ondas
Holdings Inc. was originally incorporated in Nevada on December 22, 2014 under the name Zev Ventures Incorporated. On September
28, 2018, we consummated a reverse acquisition transaction to acquire a privately-held company, Ondas Networks Inc., and changed
our name from “Zev Ventures Incorporated” to “Ondas Holdings Inc.” As a result, Ondas Networks Inc. became
our wholly-owned subsidiary. We refer to this transaction as the “Acquisition.” In connection with the closing of
the Acquisition, we discontinued the prior business of Zev Ventures as a reseller of sporting and concert tickets and our sole
business became that of Ondas Networks. Ondas
Networks was originally incorporated in Delaware on February 16, 2006 under the name Full Spectrum Inc. On August 10, 2018, the
name was changed to Ondas Networks Inc. Corporate
Information Our
principal executive offices are located at 165 Gibraltar Court, Sunnyvale, California 94089 and our telephone number is (888)
350-9994. We maintain a website at www.ondas.com, to which we regularly post copies of our press releases as well as additional
information about us. Our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, or SEC, will be available free of charge through
the website as soon as reasonably practicable after being electronically filed with or furnished to the SEC. Information contained
on, or accessible through, our website does not constitute a part of this prospectus or our other filings with the SEC, and you
should not consider any information contained on, or that can be accessed through, our website as part of this prospectus or in
deciding whether to purchase shares of our common stock. All
brand names or trademarks appearing in this prospectus are the property of their respective holders. Use or display by us of other
parties’ trademarks, trade dress, or products in this prospectus is not intended to, and does not, imply a relationship
with, or endorsements or sponsorship of, us by the trademark or trade dress owners. 8 THE
OFFERING Common stock offered by us: | Shares (or approximately shares if the underwriters exercise their option to purchase additional shares in full) (based on an assumed offering price of $ per share)
Common stock to be outstanding after this offering: | Shares (or approximately shares if the underwriters exercise their option to purchase additional shares in full).
Option to purchase additional shares: | The underwriters have an option within 30 days of the date of this prospectus to purchase up to additional shares of our common stock to cover over-allotments, if any
Use of proceeds: | We estimate that the net proceeds from this offering will be approximately $ million (or approximately $ million if the underwriters exercise their option to purchase an additional shares in full), assuming a public offering price of $ per share, after deducting underwriting discounts and commissions and the estimated offering expenses payable by us. We intend to use the net proceeds of this offering: (1) to continue research and development of future configurations of our FullMAX platform; (2) to build product inventory to support expected increased levels of customer sales activity; (3) subject to us receiving gross proceeds of not less than $20 million in the offering, repay approximately $5 million of principal and accrued interests under the Steward Capital Loan and Security Agreement, that matures on September 9, 2021; and (4) for other general corporate purposes. See “Use of Proceeds” for additional information.
Risk factors: | Investing in our common stock involves substantial risk. You should read the “Risk Factors” section beginning on page 11 and other information included in this prospectus for a discussion of factors to consider carefully before deciding to invest in our securities .
Proposed Nasdaq Trading Symbol: | Our common stock is quoted on the OTCQB of OTC Markets Group, Inc. (the “OTCQB”), under the symbol “ONDS,” and, to date, has traded on a limited basis. As of October 22, 2020, the last reported sale price of our common stock on OTCQB Market was $ 4.00 . We have applied to list our common stock on The Nasdaq Stock Market (the “Nasdaq”) under the symbol “ONDS.” The
number of shares of our common stock to be outstanding after this offering is based on 59,388,085 shares of our common stock outstanding
as of October 22 , 2020, after giving effect to the assumptions set forth below and
excluding the following: ● | shares of common stock underlying 2,350,390 shares of Series A Preferred outstanding;
● | outstanding warrants to purchase 5,639,167 shares of common stock;
● | 10,000,000 shares of common stock reserved for issuance pursuant to future awards under our 2018 Incentive Stock Plan (the “2018 Plan”), pursuant to which 4,877,478 shares of common stock underlie currently outstanding options and restricted stock units. Except
as otherwise indicated herein, all information in this prospectus assumes the underwriters do not exercise their option
to purchase additional shares to cover overallotments, if any. 9 SUMMARY
FINANCIAL DATA The
following tables summarize our financial data for the periods presented and should be read together with the sections of this
prospectus titled “Risk Factors” and “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and
Results of Operations,” and our financial statements and related notes thereto appearing elsewhere in this prospectus. The
following summary statements of operations data for the six months ended June 30, 2020 and June 30, 2019 and the years ended December
31, 2019 and December 31, 2018 have been derived from our financial statements and footnotes included elsewhere in this prospectus.
Our historical results are not necessarily indicative of our future results or of the results we expect in the future. Six months ended June 30, | Year ended December 31,
2020 | 2019 | 2019 | 2018
Revenues, net | $ | 1,355,572 | $ | 225,451 | $ | 320,383 | $ | 190,029
Cost of sales | 721,677 | 55,948 | 79,126 | 39,365
Gross profit | 633,895 | 169,503 | 241,257 | 150,664
Operating expenses:
General and administrative | 3,398,844 | 2,838,173 | 4,792,867 | 2,611,992
Sales and marketing | 681,388 | 3,554,212 | 5,403,901 | 2,897,703
Research and development | 1,650,845 | 3,160,530 | 5,416,425 | 3,076,502
Total operating expense | 5,731,077 | 9,552,915 | 15,613,193 | 8,586,197
Operating loss | (5,097,182 | ) | (9,383,412 | ) | (15,371,936 | ) | (8,435,533 | )
Other income (expense) | (930,644 | ) | (1,540,941 | ) | (4,018,196 | ) | (3,661,331 | )
Net loss | $ | (6,027,826 | ) | $ | (10,924,353 | ) | $ | (19,390,132 | ) | $ | (12,096,864 | ) The
following summary balance sheet data as of June 30, 2020 is presented: ● | on an actual basis; and
● | on an as adjusted basis to give effect to our sale of shares of common stock in this offering at the assumed offering price of $ per share, after deducting underwriting discounts and commissions and estimated offering expenses payable by us. The
summary as adjusted balance sheet is for informational purposes only and does not purport to indicate balance sheet information
as of any future date. June 30, 2020
Actual | As Adjusted (1)
(Unaudited)
Balance Sheet data:
Cash and cash equivalents | $ | 43,964 | $
Total assets | 2,557,831
Total liabilities | 18,959,218
Accumulated deficit | (57,799,493 | )
Total stockholders’ equity (deficit) | (16,401,387 | ) (1) | Each $1.00 increase (decrease) in the assumed public offering price of $ per share would increase (decrease) the as adjusted amount of cash and cash equivalents, total assets, and total stockholders’ equity by approximately $ million, assuming the number of shares offered by us, as set forth on the cover page of this prospectus, remains the same and after deducting the estimated underwriting discounts and commissions and estimated offering expenses payable by us. We may also increase or decrease the number of shares we are offering. Each increase (decrease) of shares in the number of shares offered by us would increase (decrease) the as adjusted amount of cash and cash equivalents, total assets, and total stockholders’ equity by approximately $ million, assuming that the assumed public offering price remains the same, and after deducting the estimated underwriting discounts and commissions and estimated offering expenses payable by us. The as adjusted information discussed above is illustrative only and will be adjusted based on the actual public offering price and other terms of this offering determined at pricing. 10 RISK FACTORS Investing in our common stock involves
a high degree of risk. Before you invest in our common stock, you should carefully consider the following risks, as well as general
economic and business risks, and all of the other information contained in this registration statement. Any of the following risks
could harm our business, operating results and financial condition and cause the trading price of our common stock to decline,
which would cause you to lose all or part of your investment. When determining whether to invest, you should also refer to the
other information contained in this prospectus, including our financial statements and the related notes thereto. Risks Related to Our Business and Industry We have incurred
significant operating losses since inception and cannot assure you that we will ever achieve or sustain profitability. Since our inception, we have incurred significant
net losses. As of June 30, 2020 and December 31, 2019, we had an accumulated deficit
of approximately $58 million and $52 million, respectively. To date, we have financed our operations primarily
through sales of our equity securities and debt financings. We have never been profitable and do
not expect to be profitable in the foreseeable future. We expect our expenses to increase significantly as we pursue our
growth strategy. The extent of our future operating losses and the timing of profitability are highly uncertain, and we
expect to continue incurring significant expenses and operating losses over the next several years. Any additional operating
losses may have an adverse effect on our stockholders’ equity and the price of our common stock, and we cannot assure
you that we will ever be able to achieve profitability. Even if we achieve profitability, we may
not be able to sustain or increase such profitability. Additionally, our costs may increase in future periods and we may expend
substantial financial and other resources on, among things, sales and marketing, the hiring of additional officers, employees,
contractors and other service providers, and general administration, which may include a significant increase in legal and accounting
expenses related to public company compliance, continued compliance and various regulations applicable to our business or arising
from the growth and maturity of our company. Our failure to become and remain profitable would depress the value of our company
and could impair our ability to raise capital, expand our business, maintain our development efforts, obtain regulatory approvals,
diversify our product and service offerings or continue our operations, and may cause the price of our common stock to decline. The IEEE
802.16s wireless broadband standard is newly published and adoption of this standard by customers in our target critical infrastructure
sectors is uncertain. The IEEE 802.16s wireless broadband standard
was published in October 2017. In addition, we are currently the only manufacturer of IEEE 802.16s compliant equipment. The benefit
of the standard to buyers of our equipment are greater when there exists a large, deep market in terms of the number of customers.
A large market benefits from the scale provided such that many vendors can compete on service, price and quality of solution driving
improved value for customers. If a large end market doesn’t develop and customers don’t see the related benefits from
the standard, we may not be able to grow our business. Our growth
depends in part on the success of our strategic partnerships with third parties such as Siemens Mobility as well as on our ability
to establish a broad range of additional ecosystem relationships with leading global industrial vendors . In order to grow our business, we depend
on partnerships with market leading technology and industrial companies such as Siemens Mobility to accelerate the adoption of
our wireless technology. If we are unsuccessful in maintaining our partnerships with third parties, including Siemens Mobility,
or if our partnerships do not provide us the anticipated benefits, our ability to compete in the marketplace or to grow our revenue
could be impaired and our operating results may suffer. In addition, adoption of our FullMAX wireless platform requires us to establish
additional ecosystem relationships with leading global industrial vendors. Even if we are successful in executing these partnerships
and integrating with additional ecosystem vendors, we cannot assure you that these partnerships and relationships will result in
increased adoption of our technology or increased revenue. 11 While we
have historically worked with electrical utilities, we are currently expanding into new vertical end markets such as water utilities,
oil and gas and transportation, in which we have limited prior operating history. Failure to establish ourselves in these new markets
can have a material adverse effect on our business prospects. We have historically worked with and geared
our product offerings to the requirements of the electrical utilities and other suppliers of electrical power. We have in the past
few years expanded our product design and development efforts to address the needs of other mission critical infrastructures, such
as water utilities, oil and gas production and transportation. Achieving market acceptance in these new markets, of which no assurance
can be provided, is critical to our success, and accordingly, failure to establish ourselves in these new markets may materially
adversely affect our business or operating results. Failure to
manage our planned growth could place a significant strain on our resources. Our ability to successfully implement our
business plan requires an effective plan for managing our future growth. We plan to increase the scope of our operations. Current
and future expansion efforts will be expensive and may significantly strain our managerial and other resources and ability to manage
working capital. To manage future growth effectively, we must manage expanded operations, integrate new personnel and maintain
and enhance our financial and accounting systems and controls. If we do not manage growth properly, it could harm our business,
financial condition or results of operations and make it difficult for us to satisfy our debt obligations. We may be unsuccessful in achieving our
organic growth strategies, which could limit our revenue growth or financial performance. Our ability to generate organic growth
will be affected by our ability to, among other things: ● | attract new customers; ● | increase the number of products purchased from customers; ● | maintain profitable gross margins in the sale and maintenance of our products; ● | increase the number of projects performed for existing customers; ● | achieve the estimated revenue we announced from new customer contracts; ● | hire and retain qualified employees; ● | expand the range of our products and services we offer to customers to address their evolving network needs; ● | expand geographically, including internationally; and ● | address the challenges presented by difficult and unpredictable global and regional economic or market conditions that may affect us or our customers. Many of the factors affecting our ability
to generate organic growth may be beyond our control, and we cannot be certain that our strategies for achieving internal growth
will be attempted, realized or successful. If we fail
to retain our existing customers or do not acquire new customers in a cost-effective manner, our revenue may decrease and our business,
financial condition or results of operations may be harmed. We believe that our success is dependent
on our ability to continue identifying and anticipating the needs of our customers, to retain our existing customers and to add
new customers. For example, we launched a business expansion plan in 2018 to leverage our FullMAX platform and penetrate the large,
critical infrastructure end markets we target and grew our dedicated sales resources to broaden our marketing efforts into new
industries and sectors. As a result, we have significantly increased customer engagement in the transportation, oil and gas, security
and UAS end markets, and we expect that our qualified customer pipeline will increase throughout 2020 and beyond. However, as we
become larger through organic growth, the growth rates for customer engagement, project volume and average spend per customer may
slow, even if we continue to add customers on an absolute basis. In addition, the costs associated with customer retention may
be substantially lower than costs associated with the acquisition of new customers. Therefore, our failure to retain existing customers,
even if such losses are offset by an increase in revenue resulting from the acquisition of new customers, could have an adverse
effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. Additionally, while a key part of our business
strategy is to add customers in our existing geographic markets, we may expand our operations into new geographic markets. In doing
so, we may incur losses or otherwise fail to enter new markets successfully. Our expansion into new markets may place us in unfamiliar
and competitive environments and involve various risks, including the need to invest significant resources and the possibility
that returns on such investments will not be achieved for several years or at all. Any outbreak
or worsening of an outbreak of contagious diseases, or other adverse public health developments, could have a material and adverse
effect on our business operations, financial condition and results of operations. Any outbreak or
worsening of an outbreak of contagious diseases, or other adverse public health developments, could have a material and adverse
effect on our business operations, financial condition and results of operations. For example, in December 2019, a novel strain
of coronavirus (“COVID-19”) was identified in Wuhan, China, and has subsequently spread to other regions of the world,
and has resulted in increased travel restrictions, business disruptions and emergency quarantine measures across the world including
the United States. The Company’s business, financial condition and results of operations were impacted from the COVID-19
pandemic during the three and six months ended June 30, 2020 as follows: ● | Sales and marketing efforts were disrupted as our business development team was unable to travel to visit customers and customers were unable to receive visitors for on-location meetings; 12 ● | Field activity for testing and deploying our wireless systems was delayed due to the inability for our field service team to install and test equipment for our customers; ● | Supply chain disruptions led to component shortages and inefficiencies in and delays in producing and delivering equipment for certain purchase orders; and ● | Delays in fulfilling purchase orders reduced our cash flow from operations. In the first quarter of 2020, we reduced
our business activity to critical operations only, and furloughed 80% of our workforce. Per orders issued by the Health Officer
of the County of Santa Clara, our corporate headquarters were closed, except for functions related to the support of remote workers
and product support related to the essential transportation sector. On May 13, 2020, we reopened our corporate headquarters and
as of September 30, 2020 we have no employees remaining on furlough. Of the 18 employees previously furloughed, 14 are currently
employed by us. Additionally, on March 27, 2020, the Coronavirus
Aid, Relief, and Economic Security Act (the “CARES Act”) was enacted. The CARES Act is an approximately $2 trillion
emergency economic stimulus package in response to the COVID-19 outbreak, which among other things contains numerous income tax
provisions. Some of these tax provisions are expected to be effective retroactively for years ending before the date of enactment.
The Company applied for, and received, funds under the Paycheck Protection Program after the period end in the approximate amount
of $666,000. The application for these funds requires the Company to, in good faith, certify that the current economic uncertainty
made the loan request necessary to support operations of the Company. The Company expects its business, financial
condition and results of operations will be impacted from the COVID-19 pandemic for the remainder of 2020 primarily due to the
deferral of customer activity from the first half of the year. Further, the COVID-19 pandemic is ongoing and remains an unknown
risk for the foreseeable future. The extent to which the coronavirus may impact our business will depend on future developments,
which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted, including new information which may emerge concerning the severity of the coronavirus. 
As a result, the Company is unable to reasonably estimate the full extent of the impact from the COVID-19 pandemic on its future
business, financial condition and results of operations. The Company may also be unable to comply with the financial and other
material covenants under its debt agreements and may not be able to negotiate waivers or amendments to such debt agreements in
order to maintain ongoing compliance. In addition, if the Company were to experience any new impact to its operations, or incur
additional unanticipated costs and expenses as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic, such operational delays and unanticipated costs
and expenses there could be a further adverse impact on the Company’s business, financial condition and results of operations
in 2020 and 2021. We have significant
dependence on a small number of customers, and the loss of such customers or a decrease in business conducted with such customers
could materially harm our business, financial condition or results of operations. Because we have only recently invested in
our customer service and support organization, a small number of customers have accounted for a substantial amount of our revenue.
During the six months ended June 30, 2020, two customers accounted for approximately $811,000 and $515,000 of our revenue, or approximately
98%. During the year ended December 31, 2019, three customers accounted for approximately $144,000, $115,000 and $56,000 of our
revenue, or approximately 45%, 36% and 18%, respectively. During the year ended December 31, 2018, two customers accounted for
approximately $145,000 and $32,000 of our revenue or 76% and 17%, respectively. No other customers provided more than 10% of our
revenue during the six months ended June 30, 2020, or the years ended December 31, 2019 and 2018. The loss of these customers or
a decrease in the business conducted with such customers could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition
or results of operations. Project performance
delays or difficulties, including those caused by third parties, or certain contractual obligations may result in additional costs
to us, reductions in revenues or the payment of liquidated damages. Many projects involve challenging engineering,
construction or installation phases that may occur over extended time periods. We may encounter difficulties as a result of delays
or changes in designs, engineering information or materials provided by our customer or a third party, delays or difficulties in
equipment and material delivery, schedule changes, delays from our customer’s failure to timely obtain permits or meet other
regulatory requirements, weather-related delays and other factors, many of which are beyond our control, that impact our ability
to complete the project in accordance with the original delivery schedule. In addition, we contract with third-party subcontractors
to assist us with the completion of contracts. Any delay or failure by suppliers or by subcontractors in the completion of their
portion of the project may be beyond our control and may result in delays in the overall progress of the project or may cause us
to incur additional costs, or both. Delays and additional costs may be substantial and, in some cases, we may be required to compensate
the customer for such delays. Delays may also disrupt the final completion of our contracts as well as the corresponding recognition
of revenues and expenses therefrom. In certain circumstances, we guarantee project completion by a scheduled acceptance date or
achievement of certain acceptance and performance testing levels; failure to meet any of our guarantees, schedules or performance
requirements could also result in additional costs or penalties to us, including obligations to pay liquidated damages, and such
amounts could exceed expected project profit. In extreme cases, the above-mentioned factors could cause project cancellations,
and we may be unable to replace such projects with similar projects or at all. Such delays or cancellations may impact our reputation,
brand or relationships with customers, adversely affecting our ability to secure new contracts. 13 Our contractors
may fail to satisfy their obligations to us or other parties, or we may be unable to maintain these relationships, either of which
may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. We depend on third party contractors to
complete manufacturing, certain research and development and deployment functions. There is a risk that we may have disputes with
contractors arising from, among other things, the quality and timeliness of work performed by the contractor, customer concerns
about the contractor or our failure to extend existing task orders or issue new task orders. In addition, if any of our contractors
fail to deliver on a timely basis the agreed-upon supplies and/or perform the agreed-upon services, then our ability to fulfill
our obligations may be jeopardized. In addition, the absence of qualified contractors with whom we have a satisfactory relationship
could adversely affect the quality of our service and our ability to perform under some of our contracts. Any of these factors
may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. Material
delays or defaults in customer payments could leave us unable to cover expenditures related to such customer’s projects,
including the payment of our subcontractors. Because of the nature of most of our contracts,
we commit resources to projects prior to receiving payments from our customers in amounts sufficient to cover expenditures as they
are incurred. In certain cases, these expenditures include paying our contractors and purchasing parts. If a customer defaults
in making its payments on a project or projects to which we have devoted significant resources, it could have a material adverse
effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. Certain of
our officers, employees, contractors and other service providers may work on projects that are inherently dangerous, and a failure
to maintain a safe worksite could result in significant losses. Certain of our project sites can place our
officers, employees, contractors and other service providers and others, including third parties, in difficult or dangerous
environments, and may involve difficult and hard to reach terrain, high elevation, or locations near large or complex equipment,
moving vehicles, high voltage or other safety hazards or dangerous processes. Safety is a primary focus of our business and maintaining
a good reputation for safety is critical to our business. Many of our customers require that we meet certain safety criteria to
be eligible to bid on contracts. We maintain programs with the primary purpose of implementing effective health, safety and environmental
procedures throughout our company. Maintaining such programs involves variable costs which may increase as governmental, regulatory
and industry safety standards evolve, and any increase in such costs may materially affect or business, financial condition or
results of operations. Further, if we fail to implement appropriate safety procedures or if our procedures fail, our
officers, employees, contractors and other service providers, including third parties, may suffer injuries. Failure to comply
with such procedures, client contracts or applicable regulations, or the occurrence of such injuries, could subject us to material
losses and liability and may adversely impact our ability to obtain projects in the future or to hire and retain talented
officers, employees, contractors and other services providers, therefore materially adversely affecting our business, financial
condition or results of operations. Warranty
claims resulting from our services could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. We generally warrant our manufactured products,
including hardware and software, for a period of one year from the date of receipt of the product by the customer. After the first
year, the customer can pay for extended hardware warranty and software maintenance and upgrades on an annual basis in advance.
While costs that we have incurred historically under our warranty obligations have not been material, the costs associated with
such warranties, including any warranty related legal proceedings, are variable and could have a material adverse effect on our
business, financial condition or results of operations. 14 We rely on our management team and need
additional personnel to grow our business, and the loss of one or more key officers, employees, contractors and other service
providers or our inability to attract and retain qualified personnel could harm our business, financial condition or results of
operations. We depend, in part, on the performance of
Eric Brock, our Chief Executive Officer, Stewart Kantor, our Chief Financial Officer, Thomas Bushey, our President, and Menashe
Shahar, the Chief Technology Officer of Ondas Networks, to operate and grow our business. The loss of any of Messrs. Brock, Kantor,
Bushey or Shahar could negatively impact our ability to execute our business strategies. Although we have entered into employment
agreements with Messrs. Brock, Kantor, Bushey and Shahar, we may be unable to retain them or replace any of them if we lose their
services for any reason. Our future success will also depend on our
ability to attract, retain and motivate highly skilled management, product development, operations, sales, technical and other
personnel in the United States and abroad. Even in today’s economic climate, competition for these types of personnel is
intense, particularly in the Silicon Valley, where our headquarters are located. All of our employees, contractors and other service
providers in the United States work for us on an at-will basis. Given the lengthy sales cycles with utilities and deployment periods
of our networking platform and solutions, the loss of key personnel at any time could adversely affect our business, financial
condition or results of operations. Our products are subject to a lengthy
sales cycle and our customers may cancel or change their product plans after we have expended substantial time and resources in
the design of their products. Many of our customers are conservative in
their decision-making process. Sales cycles for new customers can vary from one to three years depending on the complexity of the
customer’s network, whether the customer is subject to state regulations, and annual budget cycles. During this lengthy sales
cycle, our potential customers may cancel or change their product plans. Customers may also discontinue products incorporating
our devices at any time or they may choose to replace our products with lower cost semiconductors. In addition, we are working
with leading customers in our target markets to define our future products. If customers cancel, reduce or delay product orders
from us, or choose not to release products that incorporate our devices after we have spent substantial time and resources developing
products or assisting customers with their product design, our revenue levels may be less than anticipated and our business, results
of operations and financial condition may be materially adversely affected. Our ability
to provide bid bonds, performance bonds or letters of credit is limited and could negatively affect our ability to bid on or enter
into significant long-term agreements. We have in the past been, and may in the
future be, required to provide bid bonds or performance bonds to secure our performance under customer contracts or, in some cases,
as a pre-requisite to submit a bid on a potential project. Our ability to obtain such bonds primarily depends upon our capitalization,
working capital, past performance, management expertise, reputation, brand and external factors beyond our control, including the
overall capacity of the surety market and general and regional economic and regulatory conditions. Surety companies consider
those factors in relation to the amount of our tangible net worth and other underwriting standards that may change from time to
time. Surety companies may require that we collateralize a percentage of the bond with our cash or other form of credit enhancement.
Events that affect surety markets generally may result in bonding becoming more difficult to obtain in the future, or being available
only at a significantly greater cost. In addition, some of our utility customers also require collateral guarantees in the form
of letters of credit to secure performance or to fund possible damages as the result of an event of default under our contracts
with them. If we enter into significant long-term agreements that require the issuance of letters of credit, our liquidity could
be negatively impacted. Our inability to obtain adequate bonding or letters of credit and, as a result, to bid or enter into significant
long-term agreements, could have a material adverse effect on our future revenues and business prospects. Substantially
all our current products depend on the availability and are subject to the use of licensed radio frequencies regulated by the FCC
in the United States. Substantially all of our current hardware
products are designed to communicate wirelessly via licensed radio frequencies and therefore depend on the availability of adequate
radio spectrum in order to operate. It is possible that the FCC or the U.S. Congress could adopt additional regulations or policies which
are, or may change or modify current regulations or policies so that they are, harmful to our business or incompatible with
our current or future product offerings, as well as products currently installed in the field. Additional regulations or policies
or changes or modifications to current regulations or policies may require modification or replacement of our products, including
products currently installed in the field, at significant, or even prohibitive, cost to us, and may require changes or modifications
to, or termination of, ongoing or planned projects. Any of these developments could materially and adversely impact our business,
financial condition or results of operations. 15 Our marketing
efforts depend significantly on our ability to receive positive references from our existing customers. Our marketing efforts depend significantly
on our ability to call on our current and past customers to provide positive references to new, potential customers. A material
portion of our current pipeline activity is concentrated in the transportation and aviation sectors. Given our limited number of
customers, the loss or dissatisfaction of any customer could substantially harm our brand and reputation, inhibit the market acceptance
of our products and services, and impair our ability to attract new customers and maintain existing customers. Further, as we expand
into new vertical and geographic end markets, references from existing customers could be similarly important. Any of these consequences
could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. If our products
contain defects or otherwise fail to perform as expected, we could be liable for damages and incur unanticipated warranty, recall
and other related expenses, our reputation could be damaged, we could lose market share and, as a result, our financial condition
or results of operations could suffer. Our products are complex and may contain
defects or experience failures due to any number of issues in design, materials, manufacture, deployment and/or use. If any of
our products contain a defect, compatibility or interoperability issue or other error, we may have to devote significant time and
resources to find and correct the issue. Such efforts could divert the attention of our management team and other relevant personnel
from other important tasks. A product recall or a significant number of product returns could: be expensive; damage our reputation
and relationships with utilities and other third-party vendors; result in the loss of business to competitors; and result in litigation
against us. Costs associated with field replacement labor, hardware replacement, re-integration with third-party products, handling
charges, correcting defects, errors and bugs, or other issues could be significant and could materially harm our financial results. Estimated future product warranty claims
are based on the expected number of field failures over the warranty commitment period, the term of the product warranty period,
and the costs for repair, replacement and other associated costs. Our warranty obligations are affected by product failure rates,
claims levels, material usage and product re-integration and handling costs. Because our products are relatively new
and we do not yet have the benefit of long-term experience observing products’ performance in the field, our estimates of
a product’s lifespan and incidence of claims may be inaccurate. Should actual product failure rates, claims levels, material
usage, product re-integration and handling costs, defects, errors, bugs or other issues differ from the original estimates, we
could end up incurring materially higher warranty or recall expenses than we anticipate. To date we have eliminated or limited the
extent of liquidated damages and/or consequential losses from our agreements with customers. It is possible that we may not be
able to achieve this in the future which could expose us to significant liabilities. 16 Our technology, products and services have only been developed
in the last several years and we have had only limited opportunities to deploy and assess their performance in the field at full
scale. The current generation of our radio hardware
and software has only been developed in the last several years and is continuing to evolve. Deploying and operating our technology
is a complex endeavor and, until recently, had been done primarily by a small number of customers and primarily in the electric
utility industry. As the size, complexity and scope of our deployments grow we have been able to test product performance at a
greater scale and in a variety of new geographic settings and environmental conditions. As the number, size and complexity of our
deployments grow and we deploy FullMAX systems for new applications in new critical infrastructure industries, we may encounter
unforeseen operational, technical and other challenges, some of which could cause significant delays, trigger contractual penalties,
result in unanticipated expenses, and/or damage to our reputation, each of which could materially and adversely affect our business,
financial condition and results of operations. If we fail
to respond to evolving technological changes, our products and services could become obsolete or less competitive. Our industry is highly competitive and characterized
by new and rapidly evolving technologies, standards, regulations, customer requirements, as well as frequent product introductions
and revisions. Accordingly, our operating results depend upon our ability to develop and introduce new products and services, our
ability to reduce production costs of our existing products. The process of developing new technologies and products is complex,
and if we are unable to develop enhancements to, and new features for, our existing products and services or acceptable new products
and services that keep pace with technological developments or industry standards, our products may become obsolete, less marketable
and less competitive and our business, financial condition or results of operations could be significantly harmed. We depend
on our ability to develop new products and to enhance and sustain the quality of existing products. Our growth and future success will depend,
in part, on our ability to continue to design and manufacture new competitive products and to enhance and sustain the quality and
marketability of our existing products. As such, we have made, and expect to continue to make, substantial investments in technology
development. In the future, we may not have the necessary capital, or access to capital on acceptable terms, to fund necessary
levels of research and development. Even with adequate capital resources, we may nonetheless experience unforeseen problems in
the development or performance of our technologies or products. In addition, we may not meet our product development schedules
and, even if we do, we may not develop new products fast enough to provide sufficient differentiation from our competitors’
products, which may be more successful. We and our
customers operate in a highly regulated business environment and changes in regulation could impose costs on us or make our products
less economical. Our products and services and our utility
customers are subject to federal, state, local and foreign laws and regulations. Laws and regulations applicable to us and our
products govern, among other things, the manner in which our products communicate, and the environmental impact and electrical
reliability of our products. Additionally, our critical infrastructure customers are often regulated by national, state and/or
local bodies, including public utility commissions, the Department of Energy, the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission, the FCC,
Federal Rail Association and other bodies. Prospective customers may be required to gain approval from any or all of these organizations
prior to implementing our products and services, including specific permissions related to the cost recovery of these systems.
Regulatory agencies may impose special requirements for implementation and operation of our products. We may incur material costs
or liabilities in complying with government regulations applicable to us or our utility customers. In addition, potentially significant
expenditures could be required in order to comply with evolving regulations and requirements that may be adopted or imposed on
us or our utility customers in the future. Such costs could make our products less economical and could impact our utility customers’
willingness to adopt our products, which could materially and adversely affect our revenue, results of operations and financial
condition. Furthermore, changes in the underlying regulatory
conditions that affect critical infrastructure industries could have a potentially adverse effect on our customers’ interest
or ability to implement our technologies. Many regulatory jurisdictions have implemented rules that provide financial incentives
for the implementation of energy efficiency and demand response technologies, often by providing rebates or through the restructuring
of utility rates. If these programs were to cease, or if they were restructured in a manner inconsistent with the capabilities
enabled by our products and services, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be significantly harmed. 17 If our products
do not interoperate with our customers’ other systems, the purchase or deployment of our products and services may be delayed
or cancelled. Our products are designed to interface with
our customers’ other systems, each of which may have different specifications and utilize multiple protocol standards and
products from other vendors. Our products will be required to interoperate with many or all of these products as well as future
products in order to meet our customers’ requirements. If we find errors in the existing software or defects in the hardware
used in our customers’ systems, we may need to modify our products or services to fix or overcome these errors so that our
products will interoperate with the existing software and hardware, which could be costly and negatively affect our business, financial
condition, and results of operations. In addition, if our products and services do not interoperate with our customers’ systems,
customers may seek to hold us liable, demand for our products could be adversely affected or orders for our products could be delayed
or cancelled. This could hurt our operating results, damage our reputation or brand, and seriously harm our prospects, business,
financial condition or results of operations. Cyberattacks through security vulnerabilities
could lead to disruption of business, reduced revenue, increased costs, liability claims, or harm to our reputation or competitive
position. Security vulnerabilities may arise from
our hardware, software, employees, contractors or policies we have deployed, which may result in external parties gaining access
to our networks, datacenters, cloud datacenters, corporate computers, manufacturing systems, and or access to accounts we have
at our suppliers, vendors, and customers. They may gain access to our data or our users’ or customers’ data, or attack
the networks causing denial of service or attempt to hold our data or systems in ransom. The vulnerability could be caused by inadequate
account security practices such as failure to timely remove employee access when terminated. To mitigate these security issues,
we have implemented measures throughout our organization, including firewalls, backups, encryption, employee information technology
policies and user account policies. However, there can be no assurance these measures will be sufficient to avoid cyberattacks.
If any of these types of security breaches were to occur and we were unable to protect sensitive data, our relationships with our
business partners and customers could be materially damaged, our reputation could be materially harmed, and we could be exposed
to a risk of litigation and possible significant liability. Further, if we fail to adequately maintain
our infrastructure, we may have outages and data loss. Excessive outages may affect our ability to timely and efficiently deliver
products to customers or develop new products and solutions. Such disruptions and data loss may adversely impact our ability to
fulfill orders, patent our intellectual property or protect our source code, and interrupt other processes. Delayed sales or lost
customers resulting from these disruptions could adversely affect our financial results, stock price and reputation. Unauthorized use or disclosure of, or
access to, any personal information maintained by us or on our behalf, whether through breach of our systems, breach of the systems
of our suppliers or vendors by an unauthorized party, or through employee or contractor error, theft or misuse, or otherwise, could
harm our business. If any such unauthorized use or disclosure of, or access to, such personal information was to occur, our operations
could be seriously disrupted, and we could be subject to demands, claims and litigation by private parties, and investigations,
related actions, and penalties by regulatory authorities. In addition, we could incur significant costs in notifying affected persons
and entities and otherwise complying with the multitude of foreign, federal, state and local laws and regulations relating to the
unauthorized access to, or use or disclosure of, personal information. Finally, any perceived or actual unauthorized access to,
or use or disclosure of, such information could harm our reputation, substantially impair our ability to attract and retain customers
and have an adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations. We do not
control certain aspects of the manufacture of our product, including the supply of key components used to build our products and
we also depend on a limited number of manufacturers. Our future success will depend significantly
on the availability of key components, and our ability to manufacture our products timely and cost-effectively, in sufficient volumes,
and in accordance with quality standards. Our reliance on a small number of manufacturers reduces our control over the manufacturing
process, exposing us to risks, including reduced control over quality assurance, product costs and product supply including delays
in transportation and delivery. Any manufacturing disruption by our usual manufacturers could impair our ability to fulfill orders.
We may be unable to manage our relationships with our usual manufacturers effectively as they may experience delays, disruptions,
capacity constraints or quality control problems in their manufacturing operations or otherwise fail to meet our future requirements
for timely delivery. Similarly, to the extent that our usual manufacturers procure materials on our behalf, we may not benefit
from any warranties received by our usual manufacturers from the suppliers or otherwise have recourse against the original supplier
of the materials or even the manufacturer. In such circumstances, if the original supplier were to provide us or our usual manufacturers
with faulty materials, we might not be able to recover the costs of such materials or be compensated for any damages that arise
as a result of the inclusion of the faulty components in our products. 18 One or more of our usual manufacturers may
suffer an interruption in its business, or experience delays, disruptions or quality control problems in its manufacturing operations,
or seek to terminate its relationship with us, or we may choose to change or add additional manufacturers for other reasons. Additionally,
we do not have long-term supply agreements with our usual manufacturers. As a result, we may be unable to renew or extend our agreement
on terms favorable to us, if at all. Although the manufacturing services required to manufacture and assemble our products may
be readily available from a number of established manufacturers, it may be risky, time consuming and costly to qualify and implement
new manufacturer relationships. Any of these risks could have a material
adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. We may seek
to grow our business through acquisitions of complementary companies, products, services or technologies, and the failure to manage
acquisitions, or the failure to integrate them with our existing business, could harm our business, financial condition and operating
results. From time to time, we may consider opportunities
to acquire other companies, products, services or technologies that may enhance our product platform or technology, expand the
breadth of our markets or customer base, or advance our business strategies. Potential acquisitions involve numerous risks, including: ● | problems assimilating the acquired companies, products, services or technologies; ● | issues maintaining uniform standards, procedures, controls and policies; ● | unanticipated costs associated with acquisitions; ● | diversion of management’s attention from our existing business; ● | risks associated with entering new markets in which we have limited or no experience; ● | increased legal and accounting costs relating to the acquisitions or compliance with regulatory matters; and ● | unanticipated or undisclosed liabilities of any target. We have no current commitments with respect
to any acquisition. We do not know if we will be able to identify acquisitions we deem suitable, whether we will be able to successfully
complete any such acquisitions on favorable terms or at all, or whether we will be able to successfully integrate any acquired
companies, products, services or technologies. Our potential inability to identify and complete such acquisitions or integrate
any acquired products or technologies effectively may adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations. Litigation
may adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. From time to time in the normal course of
our business operations, we may become subject to litigation that may result in liability material to our financial condition as
a whole or may negatively affect our operating results if changes to our business operations are required. The cost to defend such
litigation may be significant and may require a significant diversion of our resources, and there is no guarantee that we will
be able to successfully defend against any such litigation regardless of particular merits. There also may be adverse publicity
associated with litigation that could negatively affect customer perception of our business, regardless of whether the allegations
are valid or whether we are ultimately found liable. Insurance may not be available on favorable terms, at all, or in sufficient
amounts to cover any liabilities with respect to these or other matters. A judgment or other liability in excess of our insurance
coverage for any claims could adversely affect our business, financial condition and the results of our operations. Risks Related to our Intellectual Property Our ability
to protect our intellectual property and proprietary technology is uncertain. We rely primarily on patent, trademark and
trade secret laws, as well as confidentiality and non-disclosure agreements, to protect our proprietary technologies and intellectual
property. As of this filing, we held a total of six issued patents in the U.S., seven patent pending applications in the U.S.,
and one international pending patent application. Our patents expire between 2030 and 2037, subject to any patent extensions that
may be available for such patents. We have applied for patent protection relating
to certain existing and proposed products and processes. Currently, several of our issued U.S. patents as well as various pending
U.S. and foreign patent applications relate to our FullMAX systems, and are therefore important to the functionality of our products.
If we fail to timely file a patent application in any jurisdiction, we may be precluded from doing so at a later date. Furthermore,
we cannot assure you that any of our patent applications will be approved in a timely manner or at all. The rights granted to us
under our patents, and the rights we are seeking to have granted in our pending patent applications, may not be meaningful or provide
us with any commercial advantage. In addition, those rights could be opposed, contested or circumvented by our competitors, or
be declared invalid or unenforceable in judicial or administrative proceedings. The failure of our patents to adequately protect
our technology might make it easier or cheaper for our competitors to offer the same or similar products or technologies. Even
if we are successful in receiving patent protection for certain products and processes, our competitors may be able to design around
our patents or develop products that provide outcomes which are comparable or superior to ours without infringing on our intellectual
property rights. Due to differences between foreign and U.S. patent laws, our patented intellectual property rights may not receive
the same degree of protection in foreign countries as they would in the United States. Even if patents are granted outside the
U.S., effective enforcement in those countries may not be available without significant cost and time expense or at all. 19 We rely on our trademarks and trade names
to distinguish our products from the products of our competitors. Third-parties may challenge our use of the trademarks. In the
event that our trademarks are successfully challenged, we could be forced to rebrand our products, which could result in loss of
brand recognition, and could require us to devote additional resources to marketing new brands. Further, we cannot assure you that
competitors will not infringe upon our trademarks, or that we will have adequate resources to enforce our trademarks. We also rely on trade secrets, know-how
and technology, which are not protectable by patents, to maintain our competitive position. We try to protect this information
by entering into confidentiality agreements and intellectual property assignment agreements with our officers, employees, contractors
and other service providers regarding our intellectual property and proprietary technology. In the event of unauthorized use
or disclosure or other breaches of those agreements, we may not be provided with meaningful protection for our trade secrets or
other proprietary information. In addition, our trade secrets may otherwise become known or be independently discovered by competitors.
To the extent that our commercial partners, collaborators, officers, employees, contractors and other service providers use
intellectual property owned by others in their work for us, disputes may arise as to the rights in the related or resulting know-how
and inventions. If any of our trade secrets, know-how or other technologies not protected by a patent were to be disclosed to or
independently developed by a competitor, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be materially adversely
affected. If a competitor infringes upon one of our
patents, trademarks or other intellectual property rights, enforcing those patents, trademarks and other rights may be costly,
difficult and time consuming. Patent law relating to the scope of claims in the industry in which we operate is subject to rapid
change and constant evolution and, consequently, patent positions in our industry can be uncertain. Even if successful, litigation
to defend our patents and trademarks against challenges or to enforce our intellectual property rights could be expensive and time
consuming and could divert management’s attention from managing our business. Moreover, we may not have sufficient resources
or desire to defend our patents or trademarks against challenges or to enforce our intellectual property rights. Litigation also
puts our patents at risk of being invalidated or interpreted narrowly and our patent applications at risk of not issuing. Additionally,
we may provoke third-parties to assert claims against us. We may not prevail in any lawsuits that we initiate and the damages or
other remedies awarded, if any, may not be commercially valuable. The occurrence of any of these events may harm our business,
financial condition and operating results. Our business
may suffer if it is alleged or found that our products infringe the intellectual property rights of others. Our industry is characterized by the existence
of a large number of patents and by litigation based on allegations of infringement or other violations of intellectual property
rights. Moreover, in recent years, individuals and groups have purchased patents and other intellectual property assets for the
purpose of making claims of infringement in order to extract settlements from companies like ours. To date we have received no
claims with respect to our infringement of intellectual property or patents but, in the future, third parties may claim that we
are infringing upon their patents or other intellectual property rights. In addition, we may be or may become contractually obligated
to indemnify our utility customers or other third parties that use or resell our products in the event our products are alleged
to infringe a third-party’s intellectual property rights. Responding to such claims, regardless of their merit, can be time
consuming, costly to defend in litigation, divert management’s attention and resources, damage our reputation and brand,
and cause us to incur significant expenses. Even if we are indemnified against such costs, the indemnifying party may be unable
to uphold its contractual obligations. Further, claims of intellectual property infringement might require us to redesign affected
products, delay affected product offerings, enter into costly settlement or license agreements or pay costly damage awards or face
a temporary or permanent injunction prohibiting us from marketing, selling or distributing the affected products. If we cannot
or do not license the alleged infringed technology on reasonable terms or at all, or substitute similar technology from another
source, our revenue and earnings could be adversely impacted. Additionally, our utility customers may not purchase our products
if they are concerned that our products infringe third-party intellectual property rights. This could reduce the market opportunity
for the sale of our products and services. The occurrence of any of these events may have a material adverse effect on our business,
financial condition and results of operations. 20 If we are
unable to protect the confidentiality of our proprietary information, the value of our technology and products could be adversely
affected. In addition to patented technology, we rely
on our unpatented technology, trade secrets and know-how. We generally seek to protect this information by confidentiality, non-disclosure
and assignment of invention agreements with our officers, employees, contractors and other service providers and with
parties with which we do business. These agreements may be breached, which breach may result in the misappropriation of such information,
and we may not have adequate remedies for any such breach. We cannot be certain that the steps we have taken will prevent unauthorized
use or reverse engineering of our technology. Moreover, our trade secrets may be disclosed
to or otherwise become known or be independently developed by competitors. To the extent that our officers, employees, contractors,
other service providers, or other third parties with whom we do business use intellectual property owned by others in their work
for us, disputes may arise as to the rights in related or resulting know-how and inventions. If, for any of the above reasons,
our intellectual property is disclosed or misappropriated, it would harm our ability to protect our rights and have a material
adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. We use open
source software in our products and services that may subject our products and services to general release or require us to re-engineer
our products and services, which may cause harm to our business. We use open source software in connection
with our products and services. From time to time, companies that incorporate open source software into their products have faced
claims challenging the ownership of open source software and/or compliance with open source license terms. Therefore, we could
be subject to suits by parties claiming ownership of what we believe to be open source software or noncompliance with open source
licensing terms. Some open source software licenses require users who distribute open source software as part of their software
to publicly disclose all or part of the source code to such software and/or make available any derivative works of the open source
code on unfavorable terms or at no cost. While we monitor the use of open source software in our products and services and try
to ensure that none is used in a manner that would require us to disclose the source code to the related product or that would
otherwise breach the terms of an open source agreement, such use could inadvertently occur and we may be required to release our
proprietary source code, pay damages for breach of contract, re-engineer our products, discontinue the sale of our products in
the event re-engineering cannot be accomplished on a timely basis or take other remedial action that may divert resources away
from our development efforts, any of which could adversely affect our business, operating results and financial condition. Intellectual
property rights do not necessarily address all potential threats to our competitive advantage. The degree of future protection afforded
by our intellectual property rights is uncertain because intellectual property rights have limitations, and may not adequately
protect our business, or permit us to maintain our competitive advantage. The following examples are illustrative: ● | others may be able to make devices that are the same as or similar to our remote radios but that are not covered by the claims of the patents that we own; ● | we or any collaborators might not have been the first to make the inventions covered by the issued patents or pending patent applications that we own; ● | we might not have been the first to file patent applications covering certain of our inventions; ● | others may independently develop similar or alternative technologies or duplicate any of our technologies without infringing our intellectual property rights; ● | it is possible that our pending patent applications will not lead to issued patents; ● | issued patents that we own may not provide us with any competitive advantages, or may be held invalid or unenforceable as a result of legal challenges; ● | our competitors might conduct research and development activities in the U.S. and other countries that provide a safe harbor from patent infringement claims for certain research and development activities, as well as in countries where we do not have patent rights, and then use the information learned from such activities to develop competitive products for sale in our major commercial markets; and ● | we may not develop additional proprietary technologies that are patentable. 21 Risks Related to our Financial Results and Need for Financing We will need
to generate significant sales to achieve profitable operations. We intend to increase our operating expenses
substantially in connection with the planned expansion of our business, establishment of our sales and marketing infrastructure,
our ongoing research and development activities, and the commensurate development of our management and administrative functions,
but there is no guarantee that we will succeed in these endeavors. We will need to generate significant sales to achieve profitability,
and we might not be able to do so. Even if we do generate significant sales, we might not be able to achieve, sustain or increase
profitability on a quarterly or annual basis in the future. If our sales grow more slowly than we expect, or if our operating expenses
exceed our expectations, our business, financial condition and results of operations may be adversely affected. We may not
be able to generate sufficient cash to service our indebtedness, which currently consists of the secured loans with Steward Capital. We currently have issued secured notes to
Steward Capital in the aggregate principal amount of approximately $11.3 million, pursuant to term
loans under a Loan and Security Agreement, as amended, that mature September 9, 2021, or the Steward Capital Loan and Security
Agreement. At June 30, 2020, the accrued interest on the secured loans was approximately $1,036,000. In addition, we must pay $550,000
to Steward Capital at maturity for end-of-loan and loan extension fees. Our obligations under the Steward Capital Loan and Security
Agreement are secured by a first priority security interest in substantially all of our assets. The Steward Capital Loan and Security
Agreement also contains certain restrictive covenants that limit our ability to incur additional indebtedness and liens, merge
with other companies or consummate certain changes of control, acquire other companies, engage in new lines of business, make certain
investments, pay dividends, transfer or dispose of assets, amend certain material agreements or enter into various specified transactions,
as well as financial reporting requirements. We were in compliance with the affirmative and restrictive covenants as of December
31, 2019, June 30, 2020, and as of the date of this filing. We may also enter into other debt agreements in the future which may
contain similar or more restrictive terms. Our ability to make the scheduled payment
to Steward Capital depends on numerous factors, including the amount of our cash reserves and our actual and projected financial
and operating performance. These amounts and our performance are subject to certain financial and business factors, as well as
prevailing economic and competitive conditions, some of which may be beyond our control. We cannot assure you that we will maintain
a level of cash reserves or cash flows from operating activities sufficient to permit us to pay the Steward Capital secured loans
when due. If our cash flows and capital resources are insufficient to fund our debt service obligation to Steward Capital, we may
be forced sell assets or operations, seek additional capital or restructure or refinance our indebtedness. We cannot assure you
that we would be able to take any of these actions, or that these actions would permit us to meet our scheduled obligation to Steward
Capital. Failure to comply with the conditions of the Steward Capital Loan and Security Agreement could result in an event of default,
which could result in an acceleration of amounts due under the Steward Capital Loan and Security Agreement. We may not have sufficient
funds or may be unable to arrange for additional financing to repay our indebtedness and Steward Capital could seek to enforce
security interests in the collateral securing such indebtedness, which would have a material adverse effect on our business. If we do
not obtain additional capital to fund our growth, operations, and obligations, our growth may be limited. We will require additional capital to fund
our growth, operations, and obligations. As our business has grown, we have managed periods of tight liquidity by accessing capital
from our stockholders and their affiliates. Our capital requirements will depend on several factors, including: ● | our ability to enter into new agreements with customers or to extend the terms of our existing agreements with customers, and the terms of such agreements; ● | the success of our sales efforts; ● | our working capital requirements related to the costs of inventory and accounts receivable; ● | costs of recruiting and retaining qualified personnel; ● | expenditures and investments to implement our business strategy; and ● | the identification and successful completion of acquisitions. We may seek additional funds through equity
or debt offerings and/or borrowings under additional notes payable, lines of credit or other sources. We do not know whether additional
financing will be available on commercially acceptable terms or at all, when needed. If adequate funds are not available or are
not available on commercially acceptable terms, our ability to fund our operations, support the growth of our business or otherwise
respond to competitive pressures could be significantly delayed or limited, which could materially adversely affect our business,
financial condition or results of operations. 22 Our revenue
is not predictable and recognition of a significant portion of it will be deferred into future periods. Once a customer decides to move forward
with a large-scale deployment of our products and services, the timing of and our ability to recognize related revenue will depend
on several factors, some of which may not be under our control. These factors include shipment schedules that may be delayed or
subject to modification, the rate at which our utility customers choose to deploy our products in their network, customer acceptance
of all or any part of our products and services, our contractual commitments to provide new or enhanced functionality at some point
in the future, other contractual provisions such as liquidated damages, our suppliers’ ability to provide an adequate supply
of components, the requirement to obtain regulatory approval, and our ability to deliver quality products according to expected
schedules. In light of these factors, the application of complex revenue recognition rules to our products and services has required
us to defer, and in the future will likely continue to require us to defer, a significant amount of revenue until undetermined
future periods. It may be difficult to predict the amount of revenue that we will recognize in any given period and amounts recognized
may fluctuate significantly from one period to the next. Risks Related to our Common Stock Our ability
to continue our operations requires that we raise additional capital and our operations could be curtailed if we are unable to
obtain the additional funding as or when needed on terms acceptable to us or at all. As a result, our registered public accounting
firm has included an explanatory paragraph relating to our ability to continue as a going concern in its report on our audited
financial statements included for the years ended December 31, 2019 and December 31, 2018. Our ability to generate revenue and achieve
profitability requires us to successfully market and secure purchase orders for our products from customers currently identified
in our sales pipeline and to new customers as well. We also will be required to efficiently manufacturer and deliver equipment
on those purchase orders. These activities, including our planned research and development efforts, will require significant uses
of working capital through the end of 2020 and beyond. Based on our current operating plans, we believe that our existing cash
at the time of this filing will only be sufficient to meet our anticipated operating needs through December 2020. Additionally,
we currently do not have sufficient funds to repay our debt to Steward Capital due at maturity on September 9, 2021 and must secure
additional equity or debt capital in order to repay this obligation. At the present time we have no commitments for any such funding
and no assurance can be provided that we will be able to raise the needed funds on commercially acceptable terms or at all. These
factors raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern through October 23, 2021. The financial information
contained in the financial statements included in this registration statement have been prepared on a basis that assumes that we
will continue as a going concern, which contemplates the realization of assets and the satisfaction of liabilities and commitments
in the normal course of business. This financial information and these financial statements included in this registration statement
do not include any adjustments that may result from the outcome of this uncertainty. We will need to raise additional financing
to continue operations beyond December 2020. We will require additional funding to continue operations and realize our business
objectives in the future. If we are unable to continue as a going concern in the future, we may be unable to meet our obligations
under the Steward Capital secured loans, which could result in an acceleration of our obligations to repay all amounts owed thereunder,
and we may be forced to liquidate our assets. In such a scenario, the values we receive for our assets in liquidation or dissolution
could be significantly lower than the values reflected in our financial statements. We identified
a material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting. If we are not able to remediate the material weakness and
otherwise maintain an effective system of internal control over financial reporting, the reliability of our financial reporting,
investor confidence in us and the value of our Common Stock could be adversely affected. As a public company, we are required to
maintain internal control over financial reporting and to report any material weaknesses in such internal controls. A material
weakness is defined as a deficiency, or combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting such that there
is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected
and corrected on a timely basis. In connection with the annual report for
the year ended December 31, 2019, we identified a material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting related to
lack of segregation of duties and accounting resources. Accordingly, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have
certified that, based on their knowledge, the consolidated financial statements, and other financial information included in this
registration statement, fairly present in all material respects our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows as
of, and for, the periods presented in this this registration statement. If our steps are insufficient to successfully
remediate the material weakness and otherwise establish and maintain an effective system of internal control over financial reporting,
the reliability of our financial reporting, investor confidence in us and the value of our Common Stock could be materially and
adversely affected. Effective internal control over financial reporting is necessary for us to provide reliable and timely financial
reports and, together with adequate disclosure controls and procedures, are designed to reasonably detect and prevent fraud. Any
failure to implement required new or improved controls, or difficulties encountered in their implementation could cause us to fail
to meet our reporting obligations. 23 We have limited
trading activity and a result, the price of our common stock might fluctuate significantly and you could lose all or part of your
investment. To date, our common stock has not been listed
on any security exchanges, but rather has been quoted on the OTCQB. The limited trading activity and resulting volatility in the
market price of our common stock may prevent you from being able to sell your shares of our common stock at or above the price
you paid for your shares. The trading price of our common stock may be volatile and subject to wide price fluctuations in response
to various factors, including, but not limited to: ● | actual or anticipated fluctuations in our financial and operating results; ● | adverse results from delays in our product development; ● | legal, political, governmental or other regulatory developments, decisions or interpretations; ● | publication of research reports or coverage about us or our industry or positive or negative recommendations; ● | perceptions about the market acceptance of our products and services, and the recognition of our brand; ● | adverse publicity about our products and services, operating or financial results or industry in general; ● | overall performance of the equity markets; ● | introduction or discontinuation of products or services, or announcements of significant contracts, licenses or acquisitions, by us or our competitors; ● | additions or departures of key personnel; ● | threatened or actual litigation and government or regulatory investigations; ● | sale of shares of our common stock by us or members of our management or our stockholders; and ● | general economic conditions, both global and regional. These and other factors might cause the
market price of our common stock to fluctuate unpredictably and substantially, which may negatively affect the liquidity of our
common stock. In addition, in recent years, the stock market has experienced significant price and volume fluctuations. This volatility
has had a significant impact on the market price of securities issued by many companies across many industries, including our industry.
The changes frequently appear to occur without regard to the operating performance of the affected companies. Accordingly, the
price of our common stock could fluctuate based upon factors that have little or nothing to do with our company, and these fluctuations
could materially reduce our stock price. Securities class action litigation has often
been instituted against companies following periods of volatility in the overall market and in the market price of a company’s
securities. This litigation, if instituted against us, could result in substantial costs, divert our management’s attention
and resources, and harm our business, operating results and financial condition. We are an
“emerging growth company” and, as a result of the reduced disclosure and governance requirements applicable to emerging
growth companies, our common stock may be less attractive to investors. We are an “emerging growth company”
as defined in the JOBS Act and we intend to take advantage of some of the exemptions from reporting requirements that are applicable
to other public companies that are not emerging growth companies, including: ● | reduced obligations with respect to financial data, including presenting only two years of audited financial statements and only two years of selected consolidated financial data in this registration statement; ● | not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act; ● | not being required to comply with any requirement that may be adopted by the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board, or PCAOB, regarding mandatory audit firm rotation or a supplement to the auditor’s report providing additional information about the audit and the financial statements; ● | reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports, proxy statements and registration statements; and ● | exemptions from the requirements of holding nonbinding advisory votes on executive compensation and stockholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved. We cannot predict if investors will find
our common stock less attractive because we will rely on these exemptions. If some investors find our common stock less attractive
as a result, there may be a less active trading market for our common stock and our stock price may be more volatile. We may take
advantage of these reporting exemptions until we are no longer an emerging growth company. We will remain an emerging growth company
until the earlier of (1) December 31, 2021, (2) the last day of the fiscal year in which we have total annual gross revenue of
at least $1.07 billion, (3) the last day of the fiscal year in which we are deemed to be a “large accelerated filer”
as defined in Rule 12b-2 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or the Exchange Act, which would occur if the market
value of our common stock held by non-affiliates exceeded $700.0 million as of the last business day of the second fiscal quarter
of such fiscal year or (4) the date on which we have issued more than $1.0 billion in non-convertible debt during the prior three-year
period. 24 Under Section 107(b) of the JOBS Act, emerging
growth companies can delay adopting new or revised accounting standards until such time as those standards apply to private companies.
We have irrevocably elected not to avail ourselves of this exemption from new or revised accounting standards and, therefore, we
will be subject to the same new or revised accounting standards as other public companies that are not emerging growth companies. Concentration
of ownership of our common stock among our existing executive officers, directors and principal stockholders may prevent new investors
from influencing significant corporate decisions. Our executive officers, directors and current
beneficial owners of 5% or more of our common stock and their respective affiliates, in the aggregate, beneficially own approximately
43.1% of our outstanding common stock as of October 22, 2020, and as of the date of this filing. As a result, these persons, acting
together, would be able to significantly influence all matters requiring stockholder approval, including the election and removal
of directors, any merger, consolidation, sale of all or substantially all of our assets, or other significant corporate transactions. Some of these persons or entities may have
interests different than yours. For example, they may be more interested in selling our company to an acquirer than other investors,
or they may want us to pursue strategies that deviate from the interests of other stockholders. You may
experience future dilution as a result of future equity offerings. Our Amended and
Restated Articles of Incorporation authorize the issuance of a maximum of 350,000,000 shares of common stock. Any additional financings
effected by us may result in the issuance of additional securities without stockholder approval and the substantial dilution in
the percentage of common stock held by our then existing stockholders. In order to raise additional capital, we may in the future
offer additional shares of our common stock or other securities convertible into or exchangeable for our common stock at prices
that may be higher or lower than the price per share in this offering, and investors purchasing shares or other securities in the
future could have rights superior to purchases in this offering or other existing stockholders. Also, we have reserved 10,000,000
shares of common stock for issuance pursuant to future awards under the 2018 Equity Incentive Plan. The issuance of such additional
shares of common stock, or securities convertible or exchangeable into common stock, may cause the price of our common stock to
decline. Additionally, if all or a substantial portion of these shares are resold into the public markets then the trading price
of our common stock may decline. Our Board
may issue and fix the terms of shares of our preferred stock without stockholder approval, which could adversely affect the voting
power of holders of our common stock or any change in control of our Company. Our Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation
authorize the issuance of up to 10,000,000 shares of “blank check” preferred stock, $0.0001 par value per share, with
such designation rights and preferences as may be determined from time to time by our Board. Our Board is empowered, without the
need to obtain stockholder approval, to issue shares of preferred stock with dividend, liquidation, conversion, voting or other
rights which could adversely affect the voting power or other rights of the holders of our common stock. In the event of such issuances,
the preferred stock could be used, under certain circumstances, as a method of discouraging, delaying or preventing a change in
control of our company. If securities
or industry analysts do not publish research or publish inaccurate or unfavorable research about our business, our stock price
and trading volume could decline. The trading market for our common stock
will depend in part on the research and reports that securities or industry analysts publish about us or our business, which research
and reports are not and would not be subject to our control. We currently do not have and may never obtain research coverage by
securities analysts, and industry analysts that currently cover us may cease to do so. If no securities analysts commence coverage
of our company, or if industry analysts cease coverage of our company, the trading price for our stock could be materially
and adversely impacted. In the event we obtain securities analyst coverage, if one or more of the analysts who cover us downgrade
our stock or publish inaccurate or unfavorable research about our business, our stock price may be materially and adversely
impacted. If one or more of these analysts cease coverage of our company or fail to publish reports on us regularly, demand for
our stock could decrease, which might cause our stock price and trading volume to decline. 25 We do not
intend to pay dividends for the foreseeable future. We have never declared or paid cash dividends
on our capital stock nor are we under any obligation to declare or pay such cash dividends. We currently intend to retain
any future earnings to fund our operations and the development and growth of our business, and we do not expect to declare or pay
any dividends in the foreseeable future. Our future ability to pay cash dividends on our capital stock may be limited by any
future debt instruments or preferred securities. As a result, you may only receive a return on your investment in our common
stock if the market price of our common stock increases to a price above the price you paid for them and you sell such shares. A significant
portion of our total outstanding shares are restricted from immediate resale but may be sold into the market in the future. This
could cause the market price of our common stock to drop significantly, even if our business is doing well. Sales of a substantial number of shares
of our common stock in the public market could occur at any time. If our stockholders sell, or the market perceives that our stockholders
intend to sell, substantial amounts of our common stock in the public market, the market price of our common stock could decline
significantly. Of the 59,388,085 shares of our common stock
issued and outstanding as of September 30, 2020, 8,958,500 shares are freely tradable without restriction by stockholders who are
not our affiliates and 50,429,585 shares are “restricted securities” as defined in Rule 144. Also, 45,564,542 restricted
shares are subject to the terms of a lock up agreement entered into in connection with the Acquisition by each of the former Ondas
stockholders, which lock up agreement was subsequently amended, under which these restricted shares cannot be sold until March
28, 2021. In addition, we filed a registration statement
on Form S-3, which was declared effective by the SEC on December 12, 2019, covering the resale of 8,684,353 shares of common stock
and 4,630,739 shares of common stock underlying warrants held by selling stockholders (“Investor Warrants”) who participated
in a private equity offering during the third and fourth quarter 2019. Pursuant to the registration statement on Form S-3, these
selling stockholders may resell all or a portion of the 8,684,353 shares of common stock, and all or a portion of the 4,630,739
shares of common stock underlying the Investor Warrants after the Investor Warrants are exercised by the holders. In addition, we filed a registration statement
on Form S-8 registering the issuance of 10,000,000 shares of common stock reserved for issuance under our 2018 Equity
Incentive Plan. Shares registered under this registration statement on Form S-8 are available for sale in the public market
subject to vesting arrangements and exercise of options and the restrictions of Rule 144 in the case of our affiliates. Our shares
of common stock are subject to the penny stock rules. The SEC has adopted rules that regulate
broker-dealer practices in connection with transactions in penny stocks. Penny stocks are generally equity securities with a price
of less than $5.00, other than securities registered on certain national securities exchanges or authorized for quotation on certain
automated quotation systems, provided that current price and volume information with respect to transactions in such securities
is provided by the exchange or system. If the price per share of our common stock continues to be is less than $5.00, our common
stock will continue to be deemed a penny stock. The penny stock rules require a broker-dealer, before a transaction in a penny
stock not otherwise exempt from those rules, to deliver a standardized risk disclosure document containing specified information.
In addition, the penny stock rules require that before effecting any transaction in a penny stock not otherwise exempt from those
rules, a broker-dealer must make a special written determination that the penny stock is a suitable investment for the purchaser
and receive (i) the purchaser’s written acknowledgment of the receipt of a risk disclosure statement; (ii) a written agreement
to transactions involving penny stocks; and (iii) a signed and dated copy of a written suitability statement. These disclosure
requirements may have the effect of reducing the trading activity in the secondary market for our common stock, and therefore stockholders
may have difficulty selling their shares. Certain provisions
of our Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation and Bylaws and Nevada law make it more difficult for a third-party to acquire
us and make a takeover more difficult to complete, even if such a transaction were in the stockholders’ best interest. Certain provisions of our Amended and Restated
Articles of Incorporation and Bylaws and Nevada law make it more difficult for a third-party to acquire us and make a takeover
more difficult to complete, even if such a transaction were in the stockholders’ interest. For example, Nevada law provides
that approval of two-thirds of the stockholders is required to remove a director, which may make it more difficult for a third-party
to gain control of the Company. This concentration of ownership limits the power to exercise control by our minority stockholders. 26 Our bylaws
designate the Eighth Judicial District Court of Clark County of the State of Nevada as the sole and exclusive forum for certain
actions, which could limit a stockholder’s ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum that it finds favorable for disputes
with the Company and its directors, officers, or other employees and may discourage lawsuits with respect to such claims. Unless we consent in writing to the selection
of an alternative forum, the Eighth Judicial District Court of Clark County of the State of Nevada (the “Court”) shall
be the sole and exclusive forum for any stockholder (including a beneficial owner) to bring (i) any derivative action or proceeding
brought on behalf of the Company, (ii) any action asserting a claim of breach of a fiduciary duty owed by any Director, officer
or other employee of the Company to the Company or the Company’s stockholders, (iii) any action asserting a claim against
the Company, any director or the Company’s officers or employees arising pursuant to any provision of the NRS, Chapters 78
or 92A of the NRS or our Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation or our Bylaws, or (iv) any action asserting a claim against
the Company, any director or the Company’s officers or employees governed by the internal affairs doctrine. However, each
of these clauses (i) through (iv) will not apply to any claim (x) as to which the Court determines that there is an indispensable
party not subject to the jurisdiction of the Court (and the indispensable party does not consent to the personal jurisdiction of
the Court within ten (10) days following such determination), (y) for which the Court does not have subject matter jurisdiction,
or (z) which is vested in the exclusive jurisdiction of a court or forum other than the Court, including pursuant to Section 27
of the Exchange Act, which provides for exclusive federal jurisdiction over suits brought to enforce any duty or liability created
by the Exchange Act or the rules and regulations thereunder. Furthermore, Section 22 of the Securities Act provides for concurrent
jurisdiction for federal and state courts over all suits brought to enforce any duty or liability created by the Securities Act
or the rules and regulations thereunder, and as such the exclusive jurisdiction clauses set forth above would not apply to such
suits. Risks Related to This Offering Since we have broad discretion in
how we use the proceeds from this offering, we may use the proceeds in ways with which you disagree. We have not allocated the net proceeds from
this offering for any specific purpose, except, subject to us receiving gross proceeds of not less than $20 million in the offering,
$5 million to repay principal and accrued interests under the Steward Capital Loan and Security Agreement, that matures on September
9, 2021. Accordingly, our management will have significant flexibility in applying the net proceeds of this offering, including
for any of the purposes described in the section titled “Use of Proceeds.” You will be relying on the judgment of our
management with regard to the use of these net proceeds, and you will not have the opportunity, as part of your investment decision,
to assess whether the proceeds are being used in ways you would agree with or ways which are likely to increase the value of your
investment. Because of the number and variability of factors that will determine our use of our net proceeds from this offering,
their ultimate use may vary substantially from their currently intended use. It is possible that the net proceeds will be invested
in a way that does not yield a favorable, or any, return for our company or your investment. The failure of our management to use
such funds effectively could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, operating results and cash flow. There is a limited market for our
securities, which may make it more difficult to dispose of our securities and we may fail to sustain trading on Nasdaq, which could
make it more difficult for investors to sell their shares. Our common stock is quoted on OTCQB, under
the symbol “ONDS,” and, to date, has traded on a limited basis. We have applied to list our common stock on Nasdaq
under the symbol “ONDS.” In the event our common stock begins trading on the Nasdaq, there can be no assurance that
trading of our common stock on such market will be sustained. In the event that our common stock is not listed on Nasdaq or if
we do not sustain such listing, our common stock could be quoted only on the OTC Markets. Under such circumstances, you may find
it significantly more difficult to trade, or to obtain accurate quotations for our common stock and our common stock may become
substantially less attractive to certain purchasers, such as financial institutions, hedge funds, and other similar investors. A more active market for our common stock
may never develop , and we are under no obligation to seek out a more active market for our
common stock . If you purchase our securities in
this offering, you may incur immediate and substantial dilution in the book value of your shares. You will experience further dilution
if we issue additional equity or equity-linked securities in the future. The public offering price per share of our
common stock may be substantially higher than the net tangible book value per share of our common stock immediately prior to the
offering. After giving effect to the sale of shares of our common stock in this offering, at the public offering price of $ per
share, and after deducting the estimated underwriting discounts and commissions and estimated offering expenses payable by us,
purchasers of our common stock in this offering will incur immediate dilution of $ per share in the net tangible book value of
the common stock they acquire. For a further description of the dilution that investors in this offering may experience, see “Dilution.” 27 If we issue additional shares of common
stock (including pursuant to the exercise of outstanding stock options or warrants), or securities convertible into or exchangeable
or exercisable for shares of common stock, our stockholders, including investors who purchase shares of common stock in this offering,
will experience additional dilution, and any such issuances may result in downward pressure on the price of our common stock. We
also cannot assure you that we will be able to sell shares or other securities in any other offering at a price per share that
is equal to or greater than the price per share paid by investors in this offering, and investors purchasing shares or other securities
in the future could have rights superior to existing stockholders. Sales of a significant number of shares
of our common stock in the public markets, or the perception that such sales could occur, could depress the market price of our
common stock. Sales of a substantial number of shares
of our common stock in the public markets could depress the market price of our common stock and impair our ability to raise capital
through the sale of additional equity securities. We, our directors and our executive officers have agreed not to sell, dispose
of or hedge any common stock or securities convertible into or exchangeable for shares of common stock during the period from the
date of this prospectus continuing through and including the date 90 days after the date of this prospectus, subject to certain
exceptions. The underwriters may, in their discretion, release the restrictions on any such shares at any time without notice.
See “Underwriting.” We cannot predict the effect that future sales of our common stock would have on the market price
of our common stock. If the price of our Common Stock fluctuates
significantly, your investment could lose value. Our
common stock is quoted on the OTCQB, under the symbol “ONDS,” and, to date, has traded on a limited basis. We have
applied to list our common stock on Nasdaq under the symbol “ONDS.” We cannot assure you that an active public market
will continue for our common stock. If an active public market for our common stock does not continue, the trading price and liquidity
of our common stock will be materially and adversely affected. If there is a thin trading market or “float” for our
stock, the market price for our common stock may fluctuate significantly more than the stock market as a whole. Without a large
float, our common stock would be less liquid than the stock of companies with broader public ownership and, as a result, the trading
prices of our common stock may be more volatile. In addition, in the absence of an active public trading market, investors may
be unable to liquidate their investment in us. Furthermore, the stock market is subject to significant price and volume fluctuations,
and the price of our common stock could fluctuate widely in response to several factors, including, but not limited to: ● | our quarterly or annual operating results; ● | changes in our earnings estimates or the failure to accurately forecast and appropriately plan our expenses; ● | failure to achieve our growth expectations; ● | failure to attract new customers or retain existing customers; ● | the effect of increased or variable competition on our business; ● | additions or departures of key or qualified personnel; ● | failure to adequately protect our intellectual property; ● | costs associated with defending claims, including intellectual property infringement claims and related judgments or settlements; ● | changes in governmental or other regulations affecting our business; ● | our compliance with governmental or other regulations affecting our business; and ● | changes in global or regional industry, general market, or economic conditions. The stock market has experienced extreme
price and volume fluctuations in recent years that have significantly affected the quoted prices of the securities of many companies,
including companies in our industry. The changes may not be possible to predict and often appear to occur without regard to specific
operating performance. The price of our common stock could fluctuate based upon factors that have little or nothing to do with
our company and these fluctuations could materially reduce our stock price. 28 SPECIAL NOTE
REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS This prospectus includes forward-looking
statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, which we refer to as the Securities Act,
and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, which we refer to as the Exchange Act, that relate to future
events or to our future operations or financial performance. Any forward-looking statement involves known and unknown risks, uncertainties
and other factors that may cause our actual results, levels of activity, performance or achievements to differ materially from
any future results, levels of activity, performance or achievements expressed or implied by such forward-looking statement. Forward-looking
statements include statements, other than statements of historical fact, about: ● | our plans to further develop our FullMAX system of wireless base stations; ● | our plans to further develop remote radios; ● | the adoption by our target industries of the new IEEE 802.16s standard for private cellular networks; ● | our future development priorities; ● | our estimates regarding the size of our potential target markets; ● | our expectations about the impact of new accounting standards; ● | our future operations, financial position, revenues, costs, expenses, uses of cash, capital requirements, our need for additional financing or the period for which our existing cash resources will be sufficient to meet our operating requirements; ● | our plans to list our common stock on the Nasdaq and whether an active trading market for our common stock will develop; and ● | our strategies, prospects, plans, expectations, forecasts or objectives. Words such as, but not limited to, “believe,”
“expect,” “anticipate,” “estimate,” “forecast,” “intend,” “may,”
“plan,” “potential,” “predict,” “project,” “targets,” “likely,”
“will,” “would,” “could,” “should,” “continue,” “scheduled”
and similar expressions or phrases, or the negative of those expressions or phrases, are intended to identify forward-looking statements,
although not all forward-looking statements contain these identifying words. Although we believe that we have a reasonable basis
for each forward-looking statement contained in this registration statement, we caution you that these statements are based on
our estimates or projections of the future that are subject to known and unknown risks and uncertainties and other important factors
that may cause our actual results, level of activity, performance, experience or achievements to differ materially from those expressed
or implied by any forward-looking statement. Actual results, level of activity, performance, experience or achievements may differ
materially from those expressed or implied by any forward-looking statement as a result of various important factors, including
our critical accounting policies and risks and uncertainties relating, to: ● | our ability to obtain additional financing on reasonable terms, or at all; ● | our ability to repay our indebtedness; ● | the accuracy of our estimates regarding expenses, costs, future revenues, uses of cash and capital requirements; ● | any outbreak or worsening of an outbreak of contagious diseases, or other adverse public health developments, could have a material and adverse effect on our business operations, financial condition and results of operations; ● | the market acceptance of our wireless connection products and the IEEE 802.16s standard; ● | our ability to develop future generations of our current products; ● | our ability to generate significant revenues and achieve profitability; ● | our ability to successfully commercialize our current and future products, including their rate and degree of market acceptance; ● | our ability to attract and retain key scientific or management personnel and to expand our management team; ● | our ability to establish licensing, collaboration or similar arrangements on favorable terms and our ability to attract collaborators with development, regulatory and commercialization expertise; ● | our ability to manage the growth of our business; ● | expenditures not resulting in commercially successful products; ● | our outreach to global markets; ● | our commercialization, marketing and manufacturing capabilities and strategy; ● | our ability to expand, protect and maintain our intellectual property position; ● | the success of competing third-party products; ● | our ability to fully remediate our identified internal control material weaknesses; ● | regulatory developments in the United States and other countries; and ● | our ability to comply with regulatory requirements relating to our business, and the costs of compliance with those requirements, including those on data privacy and security. 29 USE OF PROCEEDS We estimate that our net proceeds from the
sale of shares of common stock in this offering will be approximately $ million after deducting underwriting discounts and commissions
and estimated offering expenses payable by us, assuming a public offering price of $ per share. If the option to purchase additional
shares is exercised in full, we estimate that our net proceeds will be approximately $ million. Each $1.00 increase or decrease in the assumed
public offering price of $ per share would increase or decrease the net proceeds to us from this offering by $ million, assuming
that the number of shares offered by us, as set forth on the cover page of this prospectus, remains the same and after deducting
the estimated underwriting discounts and commissions. We may also increase or decrease the number of shares we are offering. Each
increase (decrease) of in the number of shares we are offering would increase (decrease) the net proceeds to us from this offering
by $ million, assuming no change in the assumed public offering price and after deducting the estimated underwriting discounts
and commissions. Immediately following the 2020
Offering, we had cash and cash equivalents of approximately $4.36 million. We currently expect that we will use the net proceeds
from this offering, together with our existing cash and cash equivalents, as follows: (1) to continue research and
development of future configurations of our FullMAX platform; (2) to build product inventory to support expected increased
levels of customer sales activity; (3) subject to us receiving gross proceeds of not less than $20 million in the offering,
repay approximately $5 million of principal and accrued interests under the Steward Capital Loan and Security Agreement, that
matures on September 9, 2021, and (4) for other general corporate purposes. See Note 7 in the accompanying unaudited
condensed consolidated financial statements for additional information on the Steward Capital Loan and Security
Agreement. We believe that our existing cash and cash
equivalents, along with the net proceeds from this offering, together with interest on cash balances, will be sufficient to fund
our operating expenses and capital expenditure requirements through at least the next twelve months. The amount and timing of our
actual expenditures will depend upon numerous factors, including the progress of our continuing product research, development,
the timing and results of our product launch, as well as any collaborations that we may enter into with third parties, and any
unforeseen delays or cash needs. Our expected use of the net proceeds from
this offering represents our current intentions based upon our present plans and business conditions. The amounts and timing of
our actual use of net proceeds will vary depending on numerous factors, including the progress of our continuing product research,
development, the timing and results of our product launch, as well as any collaborations that we may enter into with third parties,
and any unforeseen delays or cash needs. As a result, our management will have broad discretion in the application of the net proceeds,
and investors will be relying on our judgment regarding the application of the net proceeds of this offering. In addition, we might
decide to postpone or not pursue these certain of these activities if the net proceeds from this offering and the other sources
of cash are less than, or do not last as long as, expected. We have no current understandings, agreements or commitments for any
material acquisitions or licenses of any products, businesses or technologies. Pending their use, we plan to invest the
net proceeds from this offering in short- and intermediate-term, interest-bearing obligations, investment-grade instruments, certificates
of deposit or direct or guaranteed obligations of the U.S. government. 30 MARKET FOR
COMMON EQUITY AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS Market Information Our
common stock originally traded on OTC Markets, the OTC Pink (Current Information) tier of OTC Markets Group, Inc. under the trading
symbol “ZVVT” on a very limited basis. On October 5, 2018, the trading symbol changed to “ONDS.” On December
19, 2018, our common stock started being quoted on the OTCQB under the symbol “ONDS” where it continues to trade on
a very limited basis. Any over-the-counter market quotations reflect inter-dealers prices, without retail mark-up, mark-down or
commission and may not necessarily represent actual transactions. We have applied to list our common stock on Nasdaq under the
symbol “ONDS.” Stockholders As of October 22, 2020, there were 274
stockholders of record with respect to our common stock. DIVIDEND POLICY We have never declared nor paid any cash
dividends on our capital stock. We do not intend to pay cash dividends on our common stock for the foreseeable future, and currently
intend to retain any future earnings to fund our operations and the development and growth of our business. In addition, the terms
of our indebtedness with Steward Capital Holdings, LP prohibit us from paying cash dividends. Any future determination to declare
and pay dividends will be made at the discretion of our board of directors and will depend on various factors, including applicable
laws, our results of operations, our financial condition, our capital requirements, general business conditions, our future prospects
and other factors that our board of directors may deem relevant. Investors should not purchase our common stock with the expectation
of receiving cash dividends. 31 CAPITALIZATION The following table sets forth our cash
and cash equivalents and capitalization as of June 30, 2020. ● | on an actual basis; and ● | on a proforma basis to give effect to (i) the 2020 Offering of 2,217,500 shares of Series A Preferred and gross proceeds of $4.435 million and (ii) the conversion of $265,779 principal and interest outstanding on a note for 132,890 shares of Series A Preferred; and ● | on a proforma as adjusted basis to give effect to our sale of shares of common stock in this offering at an assumed public offering price of $ per share, after deducting estimated underwriting discounts and commissions and estimated offering expenses payable by us. Our capitalization following the closing
of this offering will be adjusted based on the actual public offering price and other terms of this offering determined at pricing.
You should read this information together with our financial statements and the related notes thereto included elsewhere in this
prospectus and the information set forth under the heading “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition
and Results of Operations” included elsewhere in this prospectus. As of June 30, 2020
Actual | Proforma | Proforma As Adjusted
Cash and cash equivalents | $ | 43,964 | $ | 4,360,164 | $
Current liabilities | 17,953,740 | 18,010,087
Long-term liabilities | 1,005,478 | 743,564
Stockholders’ equity:
Preferred stock, $0.0001 par value; 10,000,000 shares authorized and no shares issued and outstanding, actual; 10,000,000 shares authorized and 2,350,390 issued and outstanding, proforma; 10,000,000 shares authorized and 2,350,390 issued and outstanding, as adjusted | — | 235
Common stock, $0.0001 par value; 350,000,000 shares authorized, 59,268,085 shares issued and outstanding, actual; 350,000,000 shares authorized, shares issued and outstanding, proforma as adjusted | 5,927 | 5,927
Additional paid-in capital | 41,392,179 | 46,231,177
Other Comprehensive loss | - | (355,484 | )
Accumulated deficit | (57,799,493 | ) | (57,803,345 | )
Total stockholders’ equity (deficit) | $ | (16,401,387 | ) | $ | (11,921,490 | ) | $
Total capitalization | $ | (15,395,909 | ) | $ | (11,177,926 | ) | $ Each $1.00 increase (decrease) in the assumed
public offering price of $ per share would increase (decrease) the as adjusted amount of cash and cash equivalents, additional
paid-in capital, total stockholders’ equity (deficit) and total capitalization by approximately $ million, assuming that
the number of shares offered by us, as set forth on the cover page of this prospectus, remains the same and after deducting the
estimated underwriting discounts and commissions and estimated offering expenses payable by us. We may also increase or decrease
the number of shares we are offering. Each increase (decrease) of shares in the number of shares we are offering would increase
(decrease) the as adjusted amount of cash and cash equivalents, additional paid-in capital, total stockholders’ equity and
total capitalization by approximately $ million, assuming that the assumed public offering price remains the same, and after deducting
the estimated underwriting discounts and commissions and estimated offering expenses payable by us. The as adjusted information
discussed above is illustrative only and will be adjusted based on the actual public offering price and other terms of this offering
determined at pricing. The number of shares of our common stock
to be outstanding after this offering is based on 59,268,085 shares of our common stock outstanding as of June 30, 2020. The table
above does not include: ● | 2,350,390 shares of Series A Preferred issued in August 2020 in connection with the 2020 Offering which is convertible into common stock; ● | outstanding warrants to purchase 5,639,167 shares of common stock; and ● | 10,000,000 shares of common stock reserved for issuance pursuant to future awards under our 2018 Incentive Stock Plan, or the 2018 Plan, including outstanding options and restricted stock units to purchase an aggregate of approximately 4,877,478 shares of common stock. 32 DILUTION If you invest in our common stock, your
interest will be diluted immediately to the extent of the difference between the offering price per share of our common stock and
the as adjusted net tangible book value per share of our common stock immediately after this offering. As of June 30, 2020, our historical net
tangible book value was $(17,041,256) or $(0.29) per share of common stock. Historical net tangible book value per share represents
the amount of our total tangible assets less total liabilities, divided by 59,268,085, the number of shares of common stock outstanding
on June 30, 2020. After giving effect to the sale of shares
of our common stock in this offering at the assumed offering price of $ per share, after deducting estimated underwriting discounts
and commissions and estimated offering expenses payable by us, our net tangible book value as of June 30, 2020 would have been
$ or $ per share. This amount represents an immediate increase in net tangible book value of $ per share to our existing stockholders
and an immediate dilution in net tangible book value of approximately $ per share to new investors purchasing shares of our common
stock in this offering. We determine dilution by subtracting the net tangible book value per share after the offering from the
amount of cash that a new investor paid for a share of common stock. The following table illustrates this dilution
on a per share basis: Assumed offering price per share | $
Historical net tangible book value per share as of June 30, 2020 | $ | (0.29 | )
Increase in net tangible book value per share attributable to new investors
Net tangible book value per share after the offering
Dilution per share to new investors | $ Each $1.00 increase (decrease) in the assumed
public offering price of $ per share would increase (decrease) our net tangible book value after this offering by approximately
$ million, or approximately $ per share, and increase (decrease) the dilution per share to new investors by approximately $ per
share, assuming that the number of shares offered by us, as set forth on the cover page of this prospectus, remains the same and
after deducting the estimated underwriting discounts and commissions and estimated offering expenses payable by us. We may also
increase or decrease the number of shares we are offering. An increase (decrease) of shares in the number of shares offered by
us would increase (decrease) our net tangible book value after this offering by approximately $ million, or $ per share, and increase
(decrease) the dilution per share to new investors by approximately $ per share, assuming that the assumed public offering price
remains the same, and after deducting the estimated underwriting discounts and commissions and estimated offering expenses payable
by us. The information discussed above is illustrative only and will adjust based on the actual public offering price and other
terms of this offering determined at pricing. If the underwriters exercise their option
to purchase additional shares in full, the net tangible book value per share after giving effect to the offering would be $ per
share. This represents an immediate increase in as adjusted net tangible book value of $ per share to existing stockholders and
an immediate dilution in net tangible book value of per share to new investors purchasing shares of our common stock in this offering. The following table sets forth as of June
30, 2020, on the as adjusted basis described above, the differences between the number of shares of common stock purchased from
us, the total consideration paid and the weighted average price per share paid by existing stockholders and by investors purchasing
shares of our common stock in this offering, after deducting the estimated underwriting discounts and commissions and estimated
offering expenses, at an assumed public offering price of $ per share: Shares Purchased | Total Consideration | Weighted Average
Number | Percent | Amount | Percent | Price per Share
Existing stockholders | % | $ | (1) | % | $
New investors
Total | % | $ | % (1) Represents: Common Stock – par value | $
Additional paid – in capital
$ 33 Each $1.00 increase (decrease) in the assumed
public offering price of $ per share would increase (decrease) the total consideration paid by new investors by approximately $ 
million, and increase (decrease) the percentage of total consideration paid by new investors by approximately %, assuming that
the number of shares offered by us, as listed on the cover page of this prospectus, remains the same. Similarly, each increase
(decrease) of shares in the number of shares of common stock offered by us would increase (decrease) the total consideration paid
by new investors by approximately $ million and increase (decrease) the percentage of total consideration paid by new investors
by approximately % assuming that the assumed public offering price of $ per share remains the same. The table above assumes no exercise of the
underwriters’ option to purchase additional shares in this offering. If the underwriters’ option to purchase additional
shares is exercised in full, the number of shares of our common stock held by existing stockholders would be reduced to % of the
total number of shares of our common stock outstanding after this offering, and the number of shares of common stock held by new
investors participating in the offering would be increased to % of the total number of shares of our common stock outstanding after
this offering. The number of shares of our common stock
to be outstanding after this offering is based on 59,268,085 shares of our common stock outstanding as of June 30, 2020, and excludes
the following: ● | outstanding warrants to purchase 5,639,167 shares of common stock; ● | shares of common stock underlying 2,350,390 shares of Series A Preferred issued in August 2020; and ● | 10,000,000 shares of common stock reserved for issuance pursuant to future awards under our 2018 Incentive Stock Plan, or the 2018 Plan, including outstanding options and restricted stock units to purchase an aggregate of approximately 4,877,478 shares of common stock. If the shares described above that are reserved
for issuance under our 2018 Plan are issued, or we otherwise issue additional shares of common stock in the future, there could
be further dilution to investors participating in this offering. In addition, we anticipate needing to raise additional capital
before generating positive cash flows and we may choose to raise additional capital because of market conditions or strategic considerations,
even if we believe that we have sufficient funds for our current or future operating plans. If we raise additional capital through
the sale of equity or convertible debt securities, the issuance of these securities could result in further dilution to our stockholders. 34 MANAGEMENT’S
DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial
Condition and Results of Operations You should read the following discussion
and analysis in conjunction with our unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements and the notes to those financial statements
for the six months ended June 30, 2020 and 2019 and consolidated financial statements and notes to those financial statements for
the years ended December 31, 2019 and 2019 included elsewhere in this Report. This discussion contains forward-looking statements
based upon current expectations that involve risks and uncertainties. See “Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Information.”
Our actual results may differ materially from those contained in or implied by any forward-looking statements. Overview On September 28, 2018, we consummated a
reverse acquisition transaction to acquire a privately-held company, Ondas Networks Inc., and changed our name from “Zev
Ventures Incorporated” to “Ondas Holdings Inc.” As a result, Ondas Networks Inc. (“Ondas Networks”)
became our wholly owned subsidiary. We refer to this transaction as the “Acquisition.” In connection with the closing
of the Acquisition, we discontinued the prior business of Zev Ventures as a reseller of sporting and concert tickets and our sole
business became that of Ondas Networks. We design, develop, manufacture, sell and
support FullMAX, our patented Software Defined Radio (“SDR”) platform for secure, licensed, private wide-area broadband
networks. This radio network provides point-to-multipoint, non-line of sight connectivity for industrial wireless networks. Since
its inception on February 26, 2006, Ondas Networks has devoted its efforts principally to research and development and the commercialization
of our FullMAX wireless technology platform. We helped create the IEEE 802.16s wireless broadband standard, which was published
in the fourth quarter of 2017. In 2018, we initiated a business expansion plan designed to invest in our sales and marketing and
customer support capabilities in order to build our customer base. We have incurred significant net losses
since inception. For the six months ended June 30, 2020 and the years ended December 31, 2019 and 2018, our accumulated deficit
was approximately $58, $52 and $32 million, respectively. We expect to continue incurring substantial losses for the next several
years as we continue to develop, manufacture and market our technologies. Our operating expenses are comprised of research and
development expenses, general and administrative expenses, and sales and marketing expenses. Our future capital requirements will depend
upon many factors, including progress with developing, manufacturing and marketing our technologies, the time and costs involved
in preparing, filing, prosecuting, maintaining and enforcing patent claims and other proprietary rights, our ability to establish
collaborative arrangements, marketing activities and competing technological and market developments, including regulatory changes
and overall economic conditions in our target markets. Our business consists of a single segment
of products and services, all of which are sold and provided in the United States and certain international markets. The Acquisition On September 28, 2018, we entered into the
Agreement and Plan of Merger and Reorganization (the “Merger Agreement”) with Zev Merger Sub, Inc. and Ondas Networks
to acquire Ondas Networks. The transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement were consummated on September 28, 2018 (the “Closing”),
and pursuant to the terms of the Merger Agreement, all outstanding shares of common stock of Ondas Networks, $0.00001 par value
per share, (the “Ondas Networks Shares”), were exchanged for shares of our common stock, $0.0001 par value per share
(the “Company Shares”). Accordingly, Ondas Networks became our wholly-owned subsidiary and its business became the
business of the Company. At the Closing, each Ondas Networks Share
outstanding immediately prior to the Closing was exchanged for 3.823 Company Shares (the “Exchange Ratio”), with all
fractional shares rounded down to the nearest whole share. Accordingly, we issued an aggregate of 25,463,732 Company Shares for
all of the then-outstanding Ondas Networks Shares. In connection with the Closing, we amended
and restated our articles of incorporation, effective September 28, 2018 to (i) change our name to Ondas Holdings Inc., and (ii)
increase our authorized capital to 360,000,000 shares, consisting of 350,000,000 shares of common stock, par value $0.0001 per
share, and 10,000,000 shares of “blank check” preferred stock, par value $0.0001 per share. In connection with the
Acquisition, our trading symbol changed to “ONDS” effective at the opening of business on October 5, 2018. 35 Also in connection with the Closing, (i)
our sole director appointed additional individuals, who previously sat on the board of Ondas Networks and its chief executive officer,
to serve on our Board, and our Board subsequently appointed our executive officers; (ii) the former holders of the Ondas Networks
Shares executed lock-up agreements (the “Lock-Up Agreements”), which provided for an initial twelve-month lock-up period
followed by a subsequent 12-month limited sale period, commencing with the date of Closing; (iii) we entered into a Common Stock
Repurchase Agreement with an entity pursuant to which the entity sold an aggregate of 32,600,000 Company Shares (the “Repurchase
Shares”) to us at $0.0001 per share, for an aggregate consideration of $3,260 (the Repurchase Shares were canceled and returned
to our authorized but unissued shares); (iv) our Board approved, and our stockholders adopted, the 2018 Equity Incentive Plan (the
“2018 Plan”) pursuant to which 10 million Company Shares have been reserved for issuance to employees, including officers,
directors and consultants; and (v) we entered into a Loan and Security Agreement with Energy Capital, a stockholder of the Company,
pursuant to which Energy Capital agreed to lend the Company an aggregate principal amount of up to $10 million, subject to specified
conditions. Subsequent to the Closing, (i) the Lock-Up
Agreements were amended on August 30, 2019 to delete the 12-month limited sale period making all shares locked up until September
28, 2020, and (ii) Energy Capital loaned the Company the full $10 million available under the Loan and Security Agreement. On September
27, 2019, Energy Capital, LLC entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement with other subscribers in which it converted an aggregate
of approximately $10,563,000 principal and interest outstanding under the Loan and Security Agreement into an aggregate of 4,225,242
Units (wherein a unit consisted of one share of common stock and one-half of one warrant to purchase one share of Company common
stock (the “Investor Warrant”)) of the Company. At the closing of the transaction, the debt owed Energy Capital under
the Loan and Security Agreement was extinguished and the Loan terminated pursuant to its terms. See NOTE 8 in the accompanying
consolidated financial statements for the years ended December 31, 2019 and 2018 for additional details. Key Components of Our Results of Operations and Financial
Condition Revenues Our revenues are derived principally from
the sale of our multi-patented FullMAX wireless radio system. We also provide a warranty/maintenance program through an annual
contract. The warranty/maintenance contract requires payment in full at the time of execution of the contract. Revenue from the
warranty/maintenance contract is initially recorded as deferred revenue and is subsequently recorded as income spread equitably
over the term of the contract. Due to the ongoing development and commercialization process of our FullMAX solutions, our revenues
have historically been generated by equipment trial and pilot programs and related services, in addition to a modest number of
full network deployments. We have historically had limited sales and customer service resources to support higher sales volumes.
In 2018 and 2019, we expanded our sales and marketing effort across multiple industries which dramatically increased our sales
pipeline and the number of customers and projects we are targeting. We expect this increased customer engagement to lead to a larger
number of sales opportunities and revenue in 2020. Cost of Sales Our cost of sales is comprised primarily
of the cost of components included in our FullMAX system and other costs associated with the assembly and delivery thereto. We
expect our investment in expanding our customer sales and service efforts to lead to increased volume of FullMAX equipment sales
in future periods, which will lead to higher costs of sales. Cost of sales as a percentage of revenue has historically been volatile
due to low levels of revenue and can be skewed higher or lower due to the mix of high margin base station units relative to remote
units sold. Higher unit sales volume will provide scale manufacturing opportunities which could lead to a decline in the cost of
sales as a percentage of revenue in future periods. General and Administration General and administration expenses primarily
include salary and benefit expense, legal and accounting services, professional services, rent and facilities costs, general liability
insurances, and travel expenses. We expect these expenses to increase as a result of continued growth in headcount and support
of our business and operations. Sales and Marketing Sales and marketing expenses primarily include
salary and benefit expense, trade shows, marketing programs and promotional material, travel expenses, and the allocation of certain
facility costs. We expect these expenses to increase as a result of continued growth in headcount and support of our business and
operations. 36 Research and Development Research and development expenses primarily
include salary and benefit expense and costs for contractors engaged in research, design and development activities including intellectual
property, travel expenses, and the allocation of certain facility costs. We expect our research and development costs to increase
as we continue making investments in developing new products in addition to new versions of FullMAX. Other Income (Expense) Other income (expense) primarily includes
interest expense and impairment of deferred offering and financing costs. Results of Operations Three months ended June 30, 2020 compared to three months
ended June 30, 2019 Three Months Ended June 30,
2020 | 2019 | Increase (Decrease)
Revenue | $ | 1,155,374 | $ | 193,157 | $ | 962,217
Cost of goods sold | 540,585 | 50,646 | 489,939
Gross profit | 614,789 | 142,511 | 472,278
Operating expenses:
General and administrative | 2,490,257 | 1,223,443 | 1,266,814
Sales and marketing | 132,370 | 1,685,241 | (1,552,871 | )
Research and development | 757,916 | 1,499,111 | (741,195 | )
Total operating expense | 3,380,543 | 4,407,795 | (1,027,252 | )
Operating loss | (2,765,754 | ) | (4,265,284 | ) | (1,499,530 | )
Other income (expense) | (454,787 | ) | (835,344 | ) | (380,557 | )
Net loss | (3,220,541 | ) | (5,100,628 | ) | (1,880,087 | )
Foreign currency translation | - | 9,239 | 9,239
Comprehensive loss | $ | (3,220,541 | ) | $ | (5,091,389 | ) | $ | (1,870,848 | ) Revenues Our revenues were $1,155,374 for the three
months ended June 30, 2020 compared to $193,157 for the three months ended June 30, 2019. Revenues during the three months ended
June 30, 2020 included $811,238 for products, $6,326 for maintenance/service contracts, $332,709 for development services and $5,101
for other revenues. Revenues during the same period in 2019 included $138,760 for products, $54,178 for maintenance/service contracts
and $219 for other revenues. Cost of goods sold Our cost of sales was $540,585 for the three
months ended June 30, 2020 compared to $50,646 for the three months ended June 30, 2019. The increase in cost of sales was primarily
a result of costs related to products totaling approximately $236,000 and development services totaling approximately $300,000. Gross profit Our gross profit increased by $472,278 for
the three months ended June 30, 2020 compared to the three months ended June 30, 2019 based on the changes in revenues and costs
of sales as discussed above. Gross margin for the periods in 2020 and 2019 was 53% and 74%, respectively. 37 Operating Expenses Our principal operating costs include the
following items as a percentage of total expense. Three Months Ended June 30,
2020 | 2019
Human resource costs, including benefits | 54 | % | 49 | %
Travel and entertainment | - | % | 6 | %
Other general and administration costs:
Professional fees and consulting expenses | 35 | % | 28 | %
Other expense | 8 | % | 5 | %
Depreciation and amortization | 1 | % | 1 | %
Other research and deployment costs, excluding human resources and travel and entertainment | 2 | % | 6 | %
Other sales and marketing costs, excluding human resources and travel and entertainment | - | % | 5 | % Operating expenses decreased by approximately
$1,027,000, or 23% as a result of the following items: (000s)
Human resource costs, including benefits | $ | (357 | )
Travel and entertainment | (267 | )
Other general and administration costs:
Professional fees and consulting costs | (37 | )
Other expense | 33
Depreciation and amortization | (5 | )
Other research and deployment costs, excluding human resources and travel and entertainment | (169 | )
Other sales and marketing costs, excluding human resources and travel and entertainment | (225 | )
$ | (1,027 | ) In an effort to more efficiently manage
our costs, we lowered headcount and related business development spending during the second half of 2019. We further lowered headcount
through the furloughs and terminations discussed above, reduced salaries of our management team for the sixty-day period discussed
above, and reduced product development spending during the second quarter of 2020. These efforts to reduce spending resulted in
a reduction in the major components of our operating costs for the three months ended June 30, 2020 compared to the same period
in 2019. Operating Loss As a result of the foregoing, our operating
loss decreased by $1,499,530, or 35%, to $2,765,754 for the three months ended June 30, 2020, compared with $4,265,284 for the
three months ended June 30, 2019, primarily as a result of reduced operating expenses and the increase in gross profit as discussed
above. Other Income (Expense), net Other income (expense), net decreased by
$380,557, or 46%, to $454,787 for the three months ended June 30, 2020, compared with $835,344 for the three months ended June
30, 2019. During the three months ended June 30, 2020, compared to the same period in 2019, we reported a decrease in interest
expense of approximately $264,000 and a decrease in the write-off of financing costs of approximately $121,000, while interest
and other income, net increased by approximately $4,000. Net Loss As a result of the net effects of the foregoing,
net loss decreased by $1,880,087, or 37%, to $3,220,541 for the three months ended June 30, 2020, compared with $5,100,628 for
the three months ended June 30, 2019. Net loss per share of common stock, basic and diluted, was $(0.05) for the three months ended
June 30, 2020, compared with approximately $(0.10) for the three months ended June 30, 2019. 38 Six months ended June 30, 2020 compared to six months ended
June 30, 2019 Six Months Ended June 30,
2020 | 2019 | Increase (Decrease)
Revenue | $ | 1,355,572 | $ | 225,451 | $ | 1,130,121
Cost of goods sold | 721,677 | 55,948 | 665,729
Gross profit | 633,895 | 169,503 | 464,392
Operating expenses:
General and administrative | 3,398,844 | 2,838,173 | 560,671
Sales and marketing | 681,388 | 3,554,212 | (2,872,824 | )
Research and development | 1,650,845 | 3,160,530 | (1,509,685 | )
Total operating expense | 5,731,077 | 9,552,915 | (3,821,838 | )
Operating loss | (5,097,182 | ) | (9,383,412 | ) | (4,286,230 | )
Other income (expense) | (930,644 | ) | (1,540,941 | ) | (610,297 | )
Net loss | (6,027,826 | ) | (10,924,353 | ) | (4,896,527 | )
Foreign currency translation | - | 13,900 | 13,900
Comprehensive loss | $ | (6,027,826 | ) | $ | (10,910,453 | ) | $ | (4,882,627 | ) Revenues Our revenues were $1,355,572 for the six
months ended June 30, 2020 compared to $225,451 for the six months ended June 30, 2019. Revenues during the six months ended June
30, 2020 included $826,510 for products, $9,090 for maintenance/service contracts, $514,871 for development services and $5,101
for other revenues. Revenues during the same period in 2019 included $151,723 for products, $73,509 for maintenance/service contracts
and $219 for other revenues. Cost of goods sold Our cost of sales was $721,677 for the six
months ended June 30, 2020 compared to $55,948 for the six months ended June 30, 2019. The increase in cost of sales was primarily
a result of costs related to products totaling approximately $244,000 and development services totaling approximately $462,000. Gross profit Our gross profit increased by $464,392 for
the six months ended June 30, 2020 compared to the six months ended June 30, 2019 based on the changes in revenues and costs of
sales as discussed above. Gross margin for the periods in 2020 and 2019 was 47% and 75%, respectively. This reduction in gross
margin is a direct result of development services. Operating Expenses Our principal operating costs include the
following items as a percentage of total expense. Six Months Ended June 30,
2020 | 2019
Human resource costs, including benefits | 46 | % | 47 | %
Travel and entertainment | 1 | % | 5 | %
Other general and administration costs:
Professional fees and consulting expenses | 37 | % | 26 | %
Other expense | 10 | % | 10 | %
Depreciation and amortization | 1 | % | 1 | %
Other research and deployment costs, excluding human resources and travel and entertainment | 4 | % | 5 | %
Other sales and marketing costs, excluding human resources and travel and entertainment | 1 | % | 6 | % 39 Operating expenses decreased by approximately
$3,822,000, or 40% as a result of the following items: (000s)
Human resource costs, including benefits | $ | (1,824 | )
Travel and entertainment | (432 | )
Other general and administration costs:
Professional fees and consulting costs | (364 | )
Other expense | (408 | )
Depreciation and amortization | (12 | )
Other research and deployment costs, excluding human resources and travel and entertainment | (262 | )
Other sales and marketing costs, excluding human resources and travel and entertainment | (520 | )
$ | (3,822 | ) In an effort to more efficiently manage
our costs, we lowered headcount and related business development spending during the second half of 2019. We further lowered headcount
through the furloughs and terminations discussed above, reduced salaries of our management team for the sixty-day period discussed
above, and reduced product development spending during the second quarter of 2020. These efforts to reduce spending resulted in
a reduction in the major components of our operating costs for the six months ended June 30, 2020 compared to the same period in
2019. Operating Loss As a result of the foregoing, our operating
loss decreased by $4,286,230, or 46%, to $5,097,182 for the six months ended June 30, 2020, compared with $9,383,412 for the six
months ended June 30, 2019, primarily as a result of reduced operating expenses and the increase in gross profit as discussed above. Other Income (Expense), net Other income (expense), net decreased by
$610,297, or 40%, to $930,644 for the six months ended June 30, 2020, compared with $1,540,941 for the six months ended June 30,
2019. During the six months ended June 30, 2020, compared to the same period in 2019, we reported a decrease in interest expense
of approximately $336,000 and a decrease in the write-off of financing costs of approximately $271,000, while interest and other
income, net increased by approximately $3,000. Net Loss As a result of the net effects of the foregoing,
net loss decreased by $4,896,527, or 45%, to $6,027,826 for the six months ended June 30, 2020, compared with $10,924,353 for the
six months ended June 30, 2019. Net loss per share of common stock, basic and diluted, was $(0.10) for the six months ended June
30, 2020, compared with approximately $(0.22) for the six months ended June 30, 2019. Year ended December 31, 2019 compared to year ended December
31, 2018 Year ended December 31,
2019 | 2018 | Change
Revenue | $ | 320,383 | $ | 190,029 | $ | 130,354
Cost of sales | 79,126 | 39,365 | 39,761
Gross profit | 241,257 | 150,664 | 90,593
Operating expenses:
General and administrative | 4,792,867 | 2,611,992 | 2,180,875
Sales and marketing | 5,403,901 | 2,897,703 | 2,506,198
Research and development | 5,416,425 | 3,076,502 | 2,339,923
Total operating expense | 15,613,193 | 8,586,197 | 7,026,996
Operating loss | (15,371,936 | ) | (8,435,533 | ) | 6,936,403
Other income (expense) | (4,018,196 | ) | (3,661,331 | ) | 356,865
Net loss | $ | (19,390,132 | ) | $ | (12,096,864 | ) | $ | 7,293,268 40 Revenue Revenue increased to approximately $320,000
for the year ended December 31, 2019 from approximately $190,000 for the year ended December 31, 2018. Revenues in both years were
primarily generated via pilot programs and small customer deployments which increased year over year in 2019. Cost of sales Cost of sales increased to approximately
$79,000 for the year ended December 31, 2019 from approximately $39,000 for the year ended December 31, 2018. This increase in
cost of sales is a direct result of the increase in revenue during 2019. Gross profit Our gross profit increased to approximately
$241,000 for the year ended December 31, 2019 from approximately $151,000 for the year ended December 31, 2018 based on the changes
in revenue and cost of sales as discussed above. Gross margins for the years ended December 31, 2019 and 2018 were 75% and 79%,
respectively. Operating Expenses Our principal operating costs include the
following items as a percentage of total expense. Year Ended December 31,
2019 | 2018
Human resource costs, including benefits | 45 | % | 43 | %
Travel and entertainment | 4 | % | 5 | %
Other general and administration costs:
Professional fees and consulting expenses | 28 | % | 33 | %
Other expense | 11 | % | 9 | %
Depreciation and amortization | 1 | % | 1 | %
Other research and deployment costs, excluding human resources and travel and entertainment | 6 | % | 5 | %
Other sales and marketing costs, excluding human resources and travel and entertainment | 5 | % | 4 | % As a direct result of (i) the aforementioned
Acquisition and (ii) the two $10 million dollars loan and security agreements discussed herein and in NOTE 8 in the accompanying
consolidated financial statements for the years ended December 31, 2019 and 2018, the Company was able to launch its business expansion
effort to open new markets for FullMAX and invest in product development programs, through significant increases in human resources
costs and professional and consulting costs. Operating expenses changed by approximately
$7,027,000 (82%) as a result of the following items: (000s)
Human resource costs, including benefits | $ | 3,239
Travel and entertainment | 262
Other general and administration costs:
Professional fees and consulting costs | 1,612
Other expense | 931
Depreciation and amortization | 89
Other research and deployment costs, excluding human resources and travel and entertainment | 479
Other sales and marketing costs, excluding human resources and travel and entertainment | 415
$ | 7,027 Operating Loss As a result of the foregoing, our operating
loss increased approximately $6,936,000, or 82%, to approximately $15,372,000 for the year ended December 31, 2019, compared with
approximately $8,436,000 for the year ended December 31, 2018, primarily as a result of increases associated with administrative
support and increased spending as we ramp up our sales and marketing and research and development efforts. 41 Other Income (Expense) Other expense increased by approximately
$357,000, or 10%, to approximately $4,018,000 for the year ended December 31, 2019 compared with approximately $3,661,000 for the
comparable period in 2018. Year ended December 31,
2019 | 2018 | Change
(000s)
Interest expense | $ | 2,929 | $ | 2,664 | $ | 265
Impairment of deferred offering and financing costs associated with canceled financing efforts | 920 | - | 920
Loss on disposal of fixed assets | 183 | - | 183
Interest and other income | (14 | ) | (23 | ) | 9
Change in fair value of derivative liability | - | 976 | (976 | )
Loss on extinguishment of debt | - | 44 | (44 | )
$ | 4,018 | $ | 3,661 | $ | 357 Net Loss Because of the net effects of the foregoing,
net loss increased approximately $7,293,000, or 60%, to approximately $19,390,000 for the year ended December 31, 2019, compared
with approximately $12,097,000 for the year ended December 31, 2018. Net loss per share of common stock, basic and diluted, was
($0.37) for the year ended December 31, 2019, compared with ($0.42) per share of common stock for the year ended December 31, 2018. Summary of (Uses) and Sources of Cash Six Months Ended June 30
2020 | 2019
Net cash used in operating activities | $ | (2,765,865 | ) | $ | (8,511,136 | )
Net cash used in investing activities | (9,290 | ) | (321,217 | )
Net cash provided by financing activities | 666,091 | 8,282,650
Decrease in cash | (2,109,064 | ) | (549,703 | )
Effect of foreign currency transaction on cash | - | 10,742
Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of period | 2,153,028 | 1,129,863
Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash, end of period | $ | 43,964 | $ | 590,902 The principal use of cash in operating activities
for the six months ended June 30, 2020 was to fund the Company’s current expenses primarily related to sales and marketing
and research and development activities necessary to allow us to service and support customers. The decrease in cash flows used
in operating activities of approximately $5,745,000 is primarily a result of a reduced headcount, reduced travel and entertainment
expense and lower product development spending. Cash flows used in investing activities decreased by approximately $312,000 primarily
due to a reduction in capital spending. The decrease in cash provided by financing activities of approximately $7,617,000 is a
result of a reduction in funding activities partially offset by funds provided by the Payroll Protection Program. For a summary of our outstanding short-term
and long-term loans, see NOTES 7 and 8 in the accompanying unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements for the six months
ended June 30, 2020 and 2019. Year ended December 31,
2019 | 2018
Net cash used in operating activities | $ | (14,664,385 | ) | $ | (8,517,263 | )
Net cash used in investing activities | (354,822 | ) | (629,683 | )
Net cash provided by financing activities | 16,042,372 | 9,820,791
Increase in cash | 1,023,165 | 673,845
Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of year | 1,129,863 | 456,018
Cash and cash equivalents, end of year | $ | 2,153,028 | $ | 1,129,863 42 The principal use of cash in operating activities
for the year ended December 31, 2019 was to fund the Company’s current expenses primarily related to sales and marketing
and research and development activities necessary to allow us to service and support a higher level of business activity as we
expanded into new industry and geographic markets. The increase in cash flows used in operating activities of approximately $6,148,000
is primarily a result of the addition of personnel, both employees and third-party consulting services. The decrease in cash flows
used in investing activities of approximately $275,000 is primarily a result of a decrease in the purchase of equipment partially
offset by the purchase of wireless spectrum licenses. The increase in cash provided by financing activities is primarily a result
of the Company’s private placement of its common stock totaling $6,110,000, net of closing fees (see NOTE 9 in the
accompanying consolidated financial statements for the years ended December 31, 2019 and 2018 for further details). For a summary of our outstanding Notes Payable
and Other Financing Agreements and Secured Promissory Note, see NOTES 7 and 8 in the accompanying consolidated financial
statements for the years ended December 31, 2019 and 2018. Liquidity and Capital Resources We have incurred losses since inception
and have funded our operations primarily through debt and the sale of capital stock. As of June 30, 2020, we had a stockholders’
deficit of approximately $16,401,000. As of June 30, 2020, we had short- and long-term borrowings outstanding of approximately
$10,685,000 and $947,000, respectively. As of June 30, 2020, we had cash of approximately $44,000 and a working capital deficit
of approximately $16,295,000. Our future capital requirements will depend
upon many factors, including progress with developing, manufacturing and marketing our technologies, the time and costs involved
in preparing, filing, prosecuting, maintaining and enforcing patent claims and other proprietary rights, our ability to establish
collaborative arrangements, marketing activities and competing technological and market developments, including regulatory changes
and overall economic conditions in our target markets. Our ability to generate revenue and achieve profitability requires us to
successfully market and secure purchase orders for our products from customers currently identified in our sales pipeline, as well
as new customers. We also will be required to efficiently manufacturer and deliver equipment on those purchase orders. These activities,
including our planned research and development efforts, will require significant uses of working capital through the end of 2020
and beyond. Based on our current operating plans, we believe that our existing cash at the time of this filing, and cash received
under the Paycheck Protection Program (see NOTE 8 in the accompanying unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements for
the six months ended June 30, 2020 and 2019 for further details) will only be sufficient to meet our anticipated operating needs
through December 2020. As of June 30, 2020, excluding operating
lease liabilities, the outstanding amount, including principal, accrued interest, accredited costs, net of debt discount, of indebtedness
was $12,726,482.78, summarized in the table below. See NOTES 7 and 8 in the accompanying unaudited condensed consolidated financial
statements for further details. Outstanding Amount as of June 30, 2020
Paycheck Protection Program | $ | 666,091.00
Steward Capital Holdings LP | $ | 11,461,969.76
Promissory Notes (1) | $ | 261,913.77
Convertible Promissory Note | $ | 336,508.25
$ | 12,726,482.78 (1) | On August 27, 2020, this note was converted into shares of Series A Preferred, and is no longer outstanding. In August 2020,
the Company entered into securities purchase agreements with certain purchasers, which provided for the sale of an aggregate of
$4.435 million of the Company’s Series A Preferred at a cash purchase
price of $2.00 per share (the “Purchase Price”) (the “2020 Offering”). Pursuant to the purchase agreements, the Company issued an aggregate of 2,217,500 shares of Series A Preferred to the investors.
In connection with the 2020 Offering, Eric Brock, the Company’s Chief Executive Officer purchased 157,500 shares of Series
A Preferred. The aggregate gross proceeds to the Company from the 2020 Closing was $4.435 million. After payment of offering expenses,
the net proceeds to the Company from the 2020 Closing was approximately $4.21 million. Immediately following the 2020 Offering, the Company had cash and cash equivalents of approximately $4.36 million. 43 Accounting standards require management
to evaluate the Company’s ability to continue as a going concern for a period of one year subsequent to the date of the filing
of this Registration Statement (“evaluation period”). As such, we have evaluated if cash on hand and cash generated
through operating activities would be sufficient to sustain projected operating activities through October 23, 2021. We anticipate
that our current resources will be insufficient to meet our cash requirements throughout the evaluation period, including funding
anticipated losses and scheduled debt maturities. We expect to seek additional funds from a combination of dilutive and/or nondilutive
financings in the future. Because such transactions have not been finalized, receipt of additional funding is not considered probable
under current accounting standards. If we do not generate sufficient cash flows from operations and obtain sufficient funds when
needed, we expect that we would scale back our operating plan by deferring or limiting some, or all, of our capital spending and/or
eliminating planned headcount additions, as well as other cost reductions to be determined. Because such contingency plans have
not been finalized (the specifics would depend on the situation at the time), such actions are also not considered probable for
purposes of current accounting standards. Because, under current accounting standards, neither future cash generated from operating
activities, nor management’s contingency plans to mitigate the risk and extend cash resources through the evaluation period,
are considered probable, substantial doubt is deemed to exist about the Company’s ability to continue as a going concern.
As we continue to incur losses, our transition to profitability is dependent upon achieving a level of revenues adequate to support
our cost structure. We may never achieve profitability, and unless and until doing so, we intend to fund future operations through
additional dilutive or non-dilutive financings. There can be no assurances; however, that additional funding will be available
on terms acceptable to us, if at all. The financial information contained in these
financial statements have been prepared on a basis that assumes that we will continue as a going concern, which contemplates the
realization of assets and the satisfaction of liabilities and commitments in the normal course of business. This financial information
and these financial statements do not include any adjustments that may result from the outcome of this uncertainty. Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements From inception to June 30, 2020, we had
no off-balance sheet arrangements. Contractual Obligations We are a smaller reporting company as defined
by Rule 229.10(f)(1) and are not required to provide information under this item. Critical Accounting Estimates The preparation of financial statements
in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America (“GAAP”) requires management
to make estimates and assumptions that affect reported amounts and related disclosures in the financial statements. Management
considers an accounting estimate to be critical if: ● | if requires assumptions to be made that were uncertain at the time the estimate was made, and ● | changes in the estimate or different estimates that could have been selected could have a material impact on our results of operations or financial condition. We base our estimates and judgments on our
experience, our current knowledge, our beliefs of what could occur in the future, our observation of trends in the industry, information
provided by our customers and information available from other sources. Actual results may differ from these estimates under different
assumptions or conditions. We have identified the following accounting policies and estimates as those that we believe are most
critical to our financial condition and results of operations and that require management’s most subjective and complex judgments
in estimating the effect of inherent uncertainties: share-based compensation expense, income taxes, and impairment of long-lived
assets. Share-Based Compensation Expense . We calculate share-based compensation expense for option awards and certain warrant issuances (“Share-based Awards”)
based on the estimated grant/issue date fair value using the Black-Scholes-Merton option pricing model (“Black-Sholes Model”)
and recognize the expense on a straight-line basis over the vesting period, net of estimated forfeitures. We have not included
an estimate for forfeitures due to our limited history and we revise based on actual forfeitures each period. The Black-Scholes
Model requires the use of a number of assumptions including volatility of the stock price, the weighted average risk-free interest
rate, and the vesting period of the Share-based Award in determining the fair value of Share-based Awards. Although we believe
our assumptions used to calculate share-based compensation expense are reasonable, these assumptions can involve complex judgments
about future events, which are open to interpretation and inherent uncertainty. In addition, significant changes to our assumptions
could significantly impact the amount of expense recorded in a given period. 44 Income Taxes. As part of the
process of preparing our consolidated financial statements, we are required to estimate income taxes in each of the jurisdictions
in which we operate. Our provision for income taxes is determined using the asset and liability approach to account for income
taxes. A current liability is recorded for the estimated taxes payable for the current year. Deferred tax assets and liabilities
are recorded for the estimated future tax consequences attributable to differences between the financial statement carrying amounts
of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using the enacted
tax rates in effect for the year in which the timing differences are expected to be recovered or settled. The effect on deferred
tax assets and liabilities of changes in tax rates or tax laws are recognized in the provision for income taxes in the period that
includes the enactment date. Valuation allowances are established, when necessary, to reduce deferred tax assets to the amount
more-likely-than-not to be realized. Changes in valuation allowances will flow through the statement of operations unless related
to deferred tax assets that expire unutilized or are modified through translation, in which case both the deferred tax asset and
related valuation allowance are similarly adjusted. The determination of our provision for income
taxes requires significant judgment, the use of estimates, and the interpretation and application of complex tax laws. In the ordinary
course of our business, there are transactions and calculations for which the ultimate tax determination is uncertain. In spite
of our belief that we have appropriate support for all the positions taken on our tax returns, we acknowledge that certain positions
may be successfully challenged by the taxing authorities. We determine the tax benefits more likely than not to be recognized with
respect to uncertain tax positions. Although we believe our recorded tax assets and liabilities are reasonable, tax laws and regulations
are subject to interpretation and inherent uncertainty; therefore, our assessments can involve both a series of complex judgments
about future events and rely on estimates and assumptions. Although we believe these estimates and assumptions are reasonable,
the final determination could be materially different than that which is reflected in our provision for income taxes and recorded
tax assets and liabilities. Complex Derivative Financial Instruments . From time to time we sell common stock and we issue convertible debt, both with common stock purchase warrants, which may include
terms requiring conversion price or exercise price adjustments based on subsequent issuance of securities at prices lower than
those in the agreements of such securities. Due to the complexity of the agreement, we use an outside expert to assist in providing
the mark to market fair valuation of the liabilities over the reporting periods in which the original agreement was in effect.
It was determined that a Binomial Lattice option pricing model using a Monte Carlo simulation would provide the most accuracy given
all the potential variables encompassing a future dilutive event. This model incorporated transaction assumptions such as our stock
price, contractual terms, maturity, risk free rates, as well as estimates about future financings, volatility, and holder behavior.
Although we believe our estimates and assumptions used to calculate the fair valuation liabilities and related expense were reasonable,
these assumptions involved complex judgments about future events, which are open to interpretation and inherent uncertainty. In
addition, significant changes to our assumptions could significantly impact the amount of expense recorded in a given period. Impairment of Long-Lived Assets. Carrying values of property and equipment and finite-lived intangible assets are reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes
in circumstances indicate that their carrying values may not be recoverable. If impairment indicators are present, we determine
whether an impairment loss should be recognized by testing the applicable asset or asset group’s carrying value for recoverability.
This assessment requires the exercise of judgment in assessing the future use of and projected value to be derived from the eventual
disposal of the assets to be held and used. Assessments also consider changes in asset utilization, including the temporary idling
of capacity and the expected timing for placing this capacity back into production. If the carrying value of the assets is not
recoverable, then a loss is recorded for the difference between the assets’ fair value and respective carrying value. The
fair value of the assets is determined using an “income approach” based upon a forecast of all the expected discounted
future net cash flows associated with the subject assets. Some of the more significant estimates and assumptions include: market
size and growth, market share, projected selling prices, manufacturing cost and discount rate. Our estimates are based upon historical
experience, commercial relationships, market conditions and available external information about future trends. Recently Adopted Accounting Pronouncements In June 2018, the
FASB issued ASU 2018-07, Compensation - Stock Compensation (Topic 718): Improvements to Nonemployee Share-Based Payment
Accounting (“ASU 2018-07”). The amendments in ASU 2018-07 expand the scope of Topic 718 to include share-based
payment transactions for acquiring goods and services from nonemployees. ASU 2018-07 is effective for fiscal years beginning after
December 15, 2018, and interim periods within those fiscal years. Early adoption is permitted. The Company has elected to early
adopt ASU 2018-07. The adoption of this pronouncement had no impact on our accompanying consolidated financial statements. 45 In July 2017, the FASB issued ASU 2017-11
(“ASU 2017-11”), Earnings Per Share (“Topic 260”), Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity (“Topic
480”), and Derivatives and Hedging (“Topic 815”). ASU 2017-11 is intended to simplify the accounting for
financial instruments with characteristics of liabilities and equity. Among the issues addressed are: (i) determining whether an
instrument (or embedded feature) is indexed to an entity’s own stock; (ii) distinguishing liabilities from equity for mandatorily
redeemable financial instruments of certain nonpublic entities; and (iii) identifying mandatorily redeemable non-controlling interests.
ASU 2017-11 was effective for the Company on January 1, 2019. There was no material effect on the 2019 financial statements upon
adoption. In August 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-15, Statement of Cash Flows (Topic 230) (“ASU 2016-15”). ASU 2016-15 is intended to reduce the diversity in practice
regarding how certain transactions are classified within the statement of cash flows. ASU 2016-15 is effective for public business
entities for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2017, including interim periods within those fiscal years. There was no
material effect on the 2019 and 2018 financial statements upon adoption. In February 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-02, Leases . This guidance requires lessees to record most leases on their balance sheet while recognizing expenses on their
income statements in a manner similar to current accounting. The guidance also eliminates current real estate-specific provisions
for all entities. For lessors, the guidance modifies the classification criteria and the accounting for sales-type and direct financing
leases. The standard is effective for public business entities for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2018, and interim
periods within those years. Early adoption is permitted for all entities. In July 2018, the FASB amended the new leases standard
and issued ASU 2018-11, Leases, (Topic 842): Targeted Improvements to give entities another option for transition and to provide
lessors with practical expedient. We adopted ASU 2016-02 on January 1, 2019 utilizing the alternative transition method allowed
for under ASU 2018-11. Comparative financial information was not adjusted and will continue to be reported under ASC 840. We also
elected the transition relief package of practical expedients and as a result we did not assess (1) whether existing or expired
contracts contain leases, (2) lease classification for any existing or expired leases, and (3) whether lease origination costs
qualified as initial direct costs. We elected the short-term lease practical expedient by establishing an accounting policy to
exclude leases with a term of 12 month or less. We elected not to separate lease components from non-lease components for our specified
asset classes. Additionally, the adoption of the new standard resulted in increased disclosure requirements in our quarterly and
annual filings. In May 2014, the FASB issued ASU 2014-09,
Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606). The standard’s core principle is that a company will recognize revenue
when it transfers promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which the company expects
to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. In doing so, companies will need to use more judgment and make more estimates
than under previous guidance. These may include identifying performance obligations in the contract, estimating the amount of variable
consideration to include in the transaction price and allocating the transaction price to each separate performance obligation.
In July 2015, the FASB approved the proposal to defer the effective date of ASU 2014-09 standard by one year. In 2016, the FASB
issued final amendments to clarify the implementation guidance for principal versus agent considerations (ASU 2016-08), accounting
for licenses of intellectual property and identifying performance obligations (ASU 2016-10), narrow-scope improvements and practical
expedients (ASU 2016-12) and technical corrections and improvements to Topic 606 (ASU 2016-20) in its new revenue standard. The
guidance is effective for public entities for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2017 and interim periods therein.
Our services are performed over the term of our contracts and customers are billed for those services as they are performed on
a monthly basis. Revenue is recognized each month for the services that have been provided to our customers. Additionally, we do
not have significant exposure related to uncollectible accounts. We have performed a review of the requirements of the new revenue
standard and have performed our analysis of our customer contracts on a portfolio basis (by each hospital group) utilizing the
five-step model of the new standard. We have compared the results of our analysis to our current accounting practices. We adopted
Topic 606 on January 1, 2018 using the full retrospective transition method for recognizing revenue. The adoption of Topic 606
represents a change in accounting principle that will more closely align revenue recognition with the delivery of our services
to our customers and will provide financial statement readers with enhanced disclosures. The adoption of this standard did not
have a material effect on the timing and recognition of revenue for the services provided to our customers. Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements In December 2019, the FASB issued ASU 2019-12, Income Taxes (Topic 740): Simplifying the Accounting for Income Taxes , which removes certain exceptions for recognizing
deferred taxes for investments, performing intraperiod tax allocation and calculating income taxes in interim periods. ASU 2019-12
is applicable to all entities subject to income taxes. ASU 2019-12 provides guidance to minimize complexity in certain areas by
introducing a policy election to not allocate consolidated income taxes when a member of a consolidated tax return is not subject
to income tax and guides whether to relate a step-up tax basis to a business combination or separate transaction. ASU 2019-12 changes
the current guidance of making an intraperiod allocation, determining when a tax liability is recognized after a foreign entity
investor transitions to or from equity method of accounting, accounting for tax law changes and year-to-date losses in interim
periods, and determining how to apply income tax guidance to franchise taxes. The amendments ASU 2019-12 are effective for all
public business entities for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2020 and include interim periods. The guidance is effective
for all other entities for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2021 and for interim periods beginning after December 15,
2022. Early adoption is permitted. The Company is evaluating impact on our accompanying consolidated financial statements. 46 In November 2019, the FASB issued ASU 2019-11,
Codification Improvements to Topic 326, Financial Instruments-Credit Losses, which amends certain aspects of the Board’s
new credit loss standard (ASC 326). ASU 2019-11 is applicable to companies that hold financial assets in the scope of the credit
losses standard. FASB permits to include the following in estimate if expected credit losses: expected recoveries of financial
assets previously written off and expected recoveries of financial assets with credit deterioration. The scope of guidance related
to expected recoveries includes purchased financial assets with credit deterioration. ASU 2019-11 permits entities to record negative
allowance when measuring expected credit losses for a purchased credit deteriorated financial asset and expected recoveries cannot
exceed the aggregate amount previously written off or expected to be written off. When discounted cash flow method is not being
used to estimate expected credit losses, expected recoveries cannot include any amounts in an acceleration of the noncredit discount.
An entity may include increases in expected cash flows after acquisition. Early adoption is not permitted. The Company is evaluating
impact on our accompanying consolidated financial statements. In August 2018, the FASB issued ASU, 2018-13
that eliminates certain disclosure requirements for fair value measurements for all entities, requires public entities to disclose
certain new information and modifies some disclosure requirements. The FASB developed the amendments to ASC 820 as part of its
broader disclosure framework project, which aims to improve the effectiveness of disclosures in the notes to financial statements
by focusing on requirements that clearly communicate the most important information to users of the financial statements. The new
guidance is effective for all entities for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2019 and for interim periods within those
fiscal years. An entity is permitted to early adopt either the entire standard or only the provisions that eliminate or modify
requirements. We are currently evaluating the effect of this guidance on our disclosures. 47 BUSINESS Corporate Overview of Ondas Holdings Inc. Ondas Holdings Inc. was originally incorporated
in Nevada on December 22, 2014 under the name Zev Ventures Incorporated. On September 28, 2018, we consummated a reverse acquisition
transaction to acquire a privately-held company, Ondas Networks Inc., and changed our name from “Zev Ventures Incorporated”
to “Ondas Holdings Inc.” As a result, Ondas Networks Inc. became our wholly-owned subsidiary. We refer to this transaction
as the “Acquisition.” In connection with the closing of the Acquisition, we discontinued the prior business of Zev
Ventures as a reseller of sporting and concert tickets and our sole business became that of Ondas Networks. The use of the words
“we,” “our,” the “Company” and “Ondas Holdings” means Ondas Holdings Inc. and its
subsidiaries. Where necessary for clarification purposes, Ondas Holdings, Ondas Networks or Zev Ventures may be used independently. Corporate Overview of Ondas Networks Inc. Ondas Networks provides wireless connectivity
solutions enabling mission-critical Industrial Internet applications and services. We refer to these applications as the Mission-Critical
Internet of Things (“MC-IoT”). The Company’s wireless networking products are applicable to a wide range of MC-IoT
applications which are most often located at the very edge of large industrial networks. These applications require secure, real
time connectivity with the ability to process large amounts of data at the edge. Such applications are required in all of the major
critical infrastructure markets including rail, electric grids, drones, oil and gas, and public safety and government, where secure,
reliable and fast operational decisions are required in order to improve efficiency and ensure a high degree of safety and security.
We design, develop, manufacture, sell and support FullMAX, our patented, Software Defined Radio (“SDR”) platform for
secure, licensed, private, wide-area broadband networks. Our customers install FullMAX systems in order to upgrade and expand their
legacy wide-area network (“WAN”) infrastructure. Our MC-IoT intellectual property has been adopted by the Institute
of Electrical and Electronics Engineers (“IEEE”), the leading worldwide standards body in data networking protocols,
and forms the core of the IEEE 802.16s standard. Ondas has taken a leadership position in IEEE as it relates to wireless networking
for industrial markets given that standards-based communications solutions are preferred by our mission-critical customers and
ecosystem partners. As such, management believes this standards-based approach supports the adoption of the Company’s technology
across a burgeoning ecosystem of partners and end markets. Our FullMAX SDR platform is an important
and timely upgrade solution for privately-owned and operated wireless WANs, leveraging Internet Protocol-based communications
to provide more reliability and data capacity for our mission-critical infrastructure customers. Critical infrastructure markets
throughout the globe have reached an inflection point where legacy serial and analog based protocols and network transport systems
no longer meet industry needs. In addition to offering enhanced data throughput, FullMAX is an intelligent networking platform
enabling the adoption of sophisticated operating systems and equipment supporting next-generation MC-IoT applications over wide
field areas. These new MC-IoT applications and related equipment require more processing power at the edge and the efficient utilization
of network capacity and scarce bandwidth resources which can be supported by the “Fog-computing” capability integrated
in our end-to-end network platform. Fog-computing utilizes management software to enable edge compute processing and data and
application prioritization in the field enabling our customers more reliable, real-time operating control of these new, intelligent
MC-IoT equipment and applications at the Edge. 48 We sell our products and services globally
through a direct sales force and value-added sales partners to critical infrastructure providers including major rail operators,
commercial and industrial drone operators, electric and gas utilities, water and wastewater utilities, oil and gas producers and
pipeline operators, and for other critical infrastructure applications in areas such as homeland security and defense, and transportation.
We continue to develop our value-added reseller relationships which today include a major strategic partnership with Siemens Mobility
for the development of new types of wireless connectivity for the North American Rail. We believe our Siemens’ partnership
is indicative of the potential for additional Tier 1 partnerships in our other vertical markets including securing reseller relationships
with major suppliers to the worldwide government and homeland security markets. These partnerships are being driven by the flexibility
of our FullMAX software to support legacy industrial protocols (e.g. Push to Talk Voice, Dial-up Serial Data Communications, and
Advanced Train Control System – ATCS) while simultaneously operating our state of the art MC-IoT protocols. This dual and
multi-mode software capability provides major industrial customers with a seamless migration path to advanced internet-protocol-based
networks. Over time, these legacy functions, like Push to Talk Voice and ATCS, are transformed into just several of many new data
applications we can support. Background The
Internet of Things (“IoT”) is transforming the way businesses and industries function with a massive shift from on-premise
locally executed software to cloud computing. IoT is applicable across all global consumer, enterprise, industrial and government
markets. By storing and processing data using cloud technology, there is now an ability to access, analyze and utilize vast amounts
of information and liberate operators from accessing data in limited amounts. Cloud computing has enabled the access of additional
features on IoT devices such as smartphones, computers and laptops without the need for investing in additional computing power
or memory. However,
specific areas of IoT, particularly the mission-critical industrial markets, have additional requirements when compared to enterprise
and consumer markets. With industrial markets, the bulk of the critical assets are dispersed over vast field area operations and
varying geographical locations. This wide dispersion of assets shifts the emphasis from the centralized private Cloud to the network
edge and Fog which requires reliance on edge computing and the processing of data in the field, closer to the source of the data
generation. The primary benefit of Fog networks is to enable the execution of mission-critical functions and manage and operate
intelligent field equipment and systems many of which require real-time decision-making. Edge computing is required for low-latency
applications where real-time performance is critical for safety and efficient systems performance. In addition, processing data
closer to the source improves reliability and offers security benefits. The Fog and edge computing advantages enabled by our FullMAX
technology are now driving the adoption of our connectivity solutions by some of the largest industrial companies worldwide including
the major North American freight rail operators. In
a MC-IoT wide-area network, a Fog-computing architecture requires an intelligent communications system able to manage all network
resources, including edge remotes, smart equipment and machinery and other network elements such as sensor networks. Importantly,
advanced MC-IoT applications require highly reliable network performance over the air with customized Quality of Service (“QoS”)
standards which are not available in legacy narrowband wireless networks. The intelligent communications system is coordinated
via base stations which contain network management software algorithms designed to control critical operations and distribute
bandwidth across multiple edge computing applications required by customers. The Fog-computing environment can be further enhanced
by high-power edge remote radios with embedded computing power and software providing the ability to host MC-IoT software applications
or to reliably interface with intelligent equipment and sensor networks deployed across the field of operations. The interplay
between base stations and remote edge radios requires a robust software communications layer to ensure that network performance
and operating data is properly communicated to the corporate cloud located in the network operations center. For
example, the North American freight rail operators are seeking to deploy new, on-locomotive and wayside MC-IoT technologies along
the track in order to reliably enhance safety and improve efficiency and profitability of train operations. These rail operators
currently operate antiquated legacy communications systems utilizing serial based narrowband wireless technologies for voice and
data communications. These legacy wireless networks have limited data capacity and are unable to support the adoption of new,
intelligent train control and management systems. In addition to data capacity challenges, rail operators need to reliably cover
the vast and often remotely located rail track and related infrastructure which extends nationwide over 140,000 miles. The rail
operators require a next-generation, robust broadband system with significantly increased data throughput capacity and Fog networking
capability. A transition to integrated Fog-computing communications wireless systems will enable the rail operators to drive more
intelligence to the edge of their operating environments enabling real time automation and better operator control of many critical
operating systems related to train control, crossing safety, train and track integrity and drone operations. This upgrade cycle
is being driven by a recent key event which occurred in May 2020 in which the Class 1 rail systems in the U.S. were awarded new
nationwide “greenfield” wideband radio spectrum by the Federal Communications Committee (“FCC”). As part
of the award, the rail operators are required, over the next three years, to vacate a series of legacy narrowband channels. The
completion of this multiyear negotiation between the FCC and other licensed users is projected to generate a major network upgrade
cycle for the rail industry. 49 There
are many other mission-critical industries across the globe operating private networks that are similarly constrained by their
legacy narrowband wireless communications systems. The lack of bandwidth, appropriate software and integrated edge computing and
Fog capability are a bottleneck for the adoption of next-generation MC-IoT applications and intelligent equipment that can serve
to create more efficient, profitable, and safer operations. This can be seen in Land Mobile Radio (“LMR”) markets
where legacy critical voice networks lack increasingly valuable data capacity and next generation networks such as FullMAX can
provide voice over IP as a data application. Similarly, the adoption of smart grid technologies by electric utilities, well pump
automation systems by oil producers and new navigation systems for commercial and industrial drones require new, robust wireless
network platforms such as FullMAX that can also offer the capability of Fog-computing architectures. COVID-19 In December 2019, a novel strain of coronavirus
(“COVID-19”) was identified in Wuhan, China, and has subsequently spread to other regions of the world, and has resulted
in increased travel restrictions, business disruptions and emergency quarantine measures across the world including the United
States. The Company’s business, financial
condition and results of operations were impacted from the COVID-19 pandemic during the three and six months ended June 30, 2020
as follows: ● | Sales and marketing efforts were disrupted as our business development team was unable to travel to visit customers and customers were unable to receive visitors for on-location meetings; ● | Field activity for testing and deploying our wireless systems was delayed due to the inability for our field service team to install and test equipment for our customers; ● | Supply chain disruptions led to component shortages and inefficiencies in and delays in producing and delivering equipment for certain purchase orders; and ● | Delays in fulfilling purchase orders reduced our cash flow from operations. In the first quarter of 2020, we reduced
our business activity to critical operations only, and furloughed 80% of our workforce. Per orders issued by the Health Officer
of the County of Santa Clara, our corporate headquarters were closed, except for functions related to the support of remote workers
and product support related to the essential transportation sector. On May 13, 2020, we reopened our corporate headquarters and
as of September 30, 2020 we have no employees remaining on furlough. Of the 18 employees previously furloughed, 14 are currently
employed by us. Additionally, on March 27, 2020, the Coronavirus
Aid, Relief, and Economic Security Act (the “CARES Act”) was enacted. The CARES Act is an approximately $2 trillion
emergency economic stimulus package in response to the COVID-19 outbreak, which among other things contains numerous income tax
provisions. Some of these tax provisions are expected to be effective retroactively for years ending before the date of enactment.
The Company applied for, and received, funds under the Paycheck Protection Program after the period end in the approximate amount
of $666,000. The application for these funds requires the Company to, in good faith, certify that the current economic uncertainty
made the loan request necessary to support operations of the Company. The Company expects its business, financial
condition and results of operations will be impacted from the COVID-19 pandemic for the remainder of 2020 primarily due to the
deferral of customer activity from the first half of the year. Further, the COVID-19 pandemic is ongoing and remains an unknown
risk for the foreseeable future. The extent to which the coronavirus may impact our business will depend on future developments,
which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted, including new information which may emerge concerning the severity of the coronavirus. 
As a result, the Company is unable to reasonably estimate the full extent of the impact from the COVID-19 pandemic on its future
business, financial condition and results of operations. The Company may also be unable to comply with the financial and other
material covenants under its debt agreements and may not be able to negotiate waivers or amendments to such debt agreements in
order to maintain ongoing compliance. In addition, if the Company were to experience any new impact to its operations, or incur
additional unanticipated costs and expenses as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic, such operational delays and unanticipated costs
and expenses there could be a further adverse impact on the Company’s business, financial condition and results of operations
in 2020 and 2021. 50 On March 27, 2020, the Coronavirus Aid,
Relief, and Economic Security Act (the “CARES Act”) was enacted. The CARES Act is an approximately $2 trillion emergency
economic stimulus package in response to the Coronavirus outbreak, which among other things contains numerous income tax provisions.
Some of these tax provisions are expected to be effective retroactively for years ending before the date of enactment. The Company
applied for, and received, funds under the Paycheck Protection Program after the period end in the approximate amount of $666,000.
The application for these funds requires the Company to, in good faith, certify that the current economic uncertainty made the
loan request necessary to support operations of the Company. This certification further requires the Company to consider its current
business activity and ability to access other sources of liquidity sufficient to support ongoing operations in a manner that is
not significantly detrimental to the business. The receipt of these funds, and the forgiveness of the loan related to these funds,
is dependent on the Company having initially qualified for the loan and qualifying for the forgiveness of such loan based on our
future adherence to the forgiveness criteria. Although COVID-19 has had an immediate near-term
impact on our business operations, we also believe the one outcome of the pandemic will be to reinforce the need for more reliable
private commercial and industrial communications. This can be seen specifically in the need for new Unmanned Aerial Systems solutions
including the safe command and control of drones as remote delivery method. In a recent filling at the FCC, the Drone Responders
Public Safety Alliance stated, (the) “current COVID-19 pandemic only emphasizes this need, as remote methods of commercial
delivery will only become more essential to serve the public good. In light of the current COVID-19 crisis, UAS have the potential
to deliver payloads of medical equipment and supplies.” Our Strategy Our goal is to be a global leader in providing
secure wireless connectivity solutions enabling high-bandwidth, mission-critical Industrial Internet applications and services.
We intend to leverage our patented FullMAX technology and the IEEE 802.16s standard to achieve this goal. We have adopted a “Deep
and Wide” marketing strategy designed to drive adoption of our mission-critical connectivity solutions into global critical
infrastructure end markets. Our strategy is to deeply penetrate the Class 1 Freight Rail, government and aviation markets while
continuing the expansion of our distribution and support capabilities alongside ecosystem partners such as Siemens into adjacent
vertical end markets such as oil and gas, electric, gas and water utilities and military sectors. The key elements of our growth strategy
include the following: ● | Deliver on sales pipeline opportunities. Our marketing efforts have generated the potential for significant sales in our targeted end markets. Our sales activity in the North American Class 1 Railroad sector has resulted in several pilot programs for multiple railroad operators. Once we successfully complete field testing, we expect to work with our customers to design and develop a network deployment strategy which we expect to lead to purchase orders for equipment and services. We have similar field testing and initial system deployments planned in the UAS markets, security, electric and gas utilities, and oil and gas markets. ● | Secure additional marketing partnerships and OEM relationships. We service blue chip customers in critical infrastructure sectors with standards-based, mission-critical connectivity solutions. Those customers value the experience and resources provided by additional ecosystem partners that help support the growth of the MC-IoT end markets. As we have done with Siemens Mobility, we intend to pursue marketing and OEM partnership agreements with other Tier 1 global industrial and communications equipment suppliers that have extensive reach and domain expertise in our targeted end markets. These relationships will offer customers greater choice, expanded levels of after-market support and services, and the potential for greater product integration with intelligent equipment, and systems that are increasingly being deployed by our critical infrastructure customers. ● | Develop new products and features to continuously improve our customer value. We introduced our Mercury remote radio in the first quarter of 2020 in order to address the expanding MC-IoT market for high volume, lower cost endpoint radios. Our Mercury radios are integrated into our existing FullMAX private network solutions, are compliant with IEEE 802.16s and can be utilized in both Tier 1 and Tier 2 network configurations. We will continue to enhance our SDR capabilities to aggregate non-contiguous channels with a focus on traditional licensed LMR frequency bands to provide IP data networking solutions in historically analog push-to-talk (PTT) bands. We will also work with ecosystem partners to develop dual-mode products to assist in the migration from legacy networks to our next-generation FullMAX platform. 51 ● | Expand our MC-IoT capabilities via partnerships, joint ventures, or acquisitions. In addition to internal investment and development, we will actively pursue external opportunities to enhance our product offerings and solutions for our critical infrastructure customers via joint ventures, partnerships, and acquisitions. This activity will be focused on companies with complementary technologies or product offerings or synergistic distribution strategies. In executing
our go-to-market strategy, we intend to monetize our software-based intellectual property and grow revenue and cash flow with
embedded FullMAX software sales, Software-as-a-Service (“SaaS”) arrangements, IP royalties based on Ondas
software and through additional services provided to customers and ecosystem partners. Customers deploy our connectivity and
Fog-computing platform in private networks that are designed for lifetimes of 10 – 15 years or even longer. Our FullMAX
platform is software-defined and offers customers flexibility to expand capacity and evolve network utilization. Similarly,
our ecosystem partners often integrate our FullMAX software and wireless capability into their own equipment and systems
which their customers purchase and deploy are also designed for long lifetimes. As such, we believe our software solutions
provide ongoing revenue opportunities and sales models both related to both connectivity value and edge computing capability.
Customers and ecosystem partners will require ongoing FullMAX system and security enhancements and for us to design
additional features which create opportunities for additional, recurring revenue and profit streams. Our monetization
strategies include: Systems sales:
Our FullMAX deployments are typically large, mission-critical wide-area networks deployed and privately operated by our industrial
and government customers. These end-to-end system deployments involve sales consisting of both base stations and edge radio end
points with embedded FullMAX software and network management software and tools. Software and hardware
maintenance agreements: Our customers contract for extended software and hardware maintenance which provide them with critical
ongoing support for their installed network. These SaaS contracts provide revenue to Ondas in the year following an initial installation.
Software maintenance licenses entitle the customer to ongoing software and security upgrades as well as enabling the provision
of additional system features. Similarly, hardware maintenance programs provide customers extended equipment warranty terms for
an installed network. These SaaS maintenance arrangements allow our customers to continue to maintain a modern, flexible and upgradeable
network over a long period of time. These agreements may extend for multiple years given the long average life of the installed
and growing network. Licensing / Royalties:
In certain system deployments, our ecosystem partners will chose to embed FullMAX software into their own hardware and software
platforms providing Ondas with an ongoing per device multi-year revenue stream. Licensing is an effective way for an ecosystem
partner to jumpstart customer activity. Alternatively, a partner may choose to develop software based on our intellectual property
generating royalty revenue. Other
Services: We provide ancillary services directly related to the sale of our wireless communications products which include wireless
network design, systems engineering, radio frequency planning, software configuration, product training, installation, and onsite
support. Furthermore, we also provide engineering and product development services to ecosystem partners who are interested in
integrating their intelligent equipment with our FullMAX SDR platform and need our expertise to do so. The Siemens Partnership In April 2020, we entered into a strategic
partnership with Siemens Mobility, a separately managed company of Siemens AG (“Siemens”), to jointly develop wireless
communications products for the North American Rail Industry based on Siemens’ Advanced Train Control System (“ATCS”)
protocol and our MC-IoT platform, for availability in the second half of 2020. These dual-mode ATCS/MC-IoT radio systems will support
Siemens’ extensive installed base of ATCS radios as well as offer Siemens’ customers the ability to support a host of new advanced
rail applications utilizing our MC-IoT wireless system. These new applications, including Advanced Grade Crossing Activation and
Monitoring, Wayside Inspection, Railcar Monitoring, and support for next generation signaling and train control systems, are designed
to increase railroad productivity, reduce costs and improve safety. The new ATCS-compatible products will be introduced in two
phases, including a field-selectable ATCS or MC-IoT remote radio available in the fourth quarter of 2020. Furthermore, Siemens
has begun to market and sell Siemens-branded MC-IoT wireless systems based on our technology platforms. 52 The North American Rail Network is vast
in scale, consisting of 140,000 miles of track, 25,000 locomotives, 1.6 million railcars and 200,000 highway crossings. A significant
portion of the communications infrastructure has been in operation for more than 20 years and now requires a technological upgrade
to support new applications and increased capacity requirements. Our MC-IoT platform offers an excellent migration path for these
applications. The Class I Railroads value the ability of the Ondas’ frequency-agnostic SDR architecture to enable a substantial
capacity increase utilizing the railroad’s existing wireless infrastructure and dedicated Federal Communications Commission
(“FCC”) licensed radio frequencies, as well as the flexibility to adapt to and take advantage of future changes in spectrum
availability. We believe the Siemens partnership validates
our wireless connectivity solutions and will accelerate the adoption of our wireless technology in the North American Class I Railroad
market. We believe Siemens has both the sales and marketing reach and support to drive our technology to wide scale acceptance.
Siemens also brings Ondas access to the North American transit market where our technology has broad potential. In addition to
our strategic partnership with Siemens Mobility, we expect to establish additional formal sales and marketing partnerships and
OEM relationships with other leading Tier 1 vendors of industrial equipment in 2020. The Market for our Products Our FullMAX system of Software Defined Radios,
base stations, fixed and mobile edge radios and supporting technology is designed to enable highly secure and reliable Industrial-grade
connectivity for truly mission-critical applications. We offer a range of products with different options for narrowband and broadband
applications. Our SDR platforms offer unmatched flexibility with respect to the radio frequencies in which they operate (ranging
from 70 MHz to 6 GHz) and channel size configurations (ranging from 12.5 kHz to 10 MHz). The global end markets for our MC-IoT solutions
are established, large, and we believe, poised to grow rapidly given the key role connectivity will play in next generation IoT-type
applications. Firms like Cisco Systems, Inc. and Gartner, Inc. forecast that there will be billions of connected IoT devices installed
by year end 2020; many of which will be deployed for industrial applications. Dell’Oro Group, Inc. estimates that Wide Area
IoT spending, including low power WAN deployments with which we compete, will reach $33.0 billion for carriers and infrastructure
vendors by 2022, growing approximately 2.5Xs from 2017. In many of our industrial end markets, we believe the adoption of low-cost
edge computing and increased penetration of “smart machinery” is driving demand for next-generation networks for IoT
applications such as those powered by FullMAX. Demand for edge computing solutions is growing rapidly and adopting edge computing
applications can help our customers run their businesses more efficiently, profitably, and safely. According to MarketsandMarkets
the market for global edge computing solutions is expected to grow over 34% per year from $3.6 billion in 2020 to $15.7 billion
by 2025. Ondas is leveraging its industry expertise and FullMAX connectivity and Fog-computing platform to develop an enhanced
range of products to capitalize on this expanding opportunity with the goal of becoming the leading supplier of private industrial
networks. According to research firm MarketsandMarkets,
worldwide spending on communications by the electric utility sector is estimated to grow over 15% per year and is expected to reach
$15.4 billion annually by 2021. This growth is being driven by distributed and renewable power generation projects and regulatory
requirements for secure and reliable power generation and distribution as the industry deals with aging infrastructure. Market
forecasts for oil and gas producers, water and wastewater utilities, homeland security, transportation and other critical infrastructure
segments are similarly large. According to Market Reports World, the global LMR market generates over $17 billion in revenue annually.
In oil and gas, MarketsandMarkets forecasts that spending on oilfield communications will reach $4.5 billion by 2022, which would
represent an annual growth of 7.9% from today. In addition, the U.S. Railroad sector is expected to spend over $10.0 billion in
aggregate by 2020 to fully implement Positive Train Control (“PTC”) safety functions as required by Federal regulations
according to the American Association of Railroads. Our innovative, standards-based FullMAX system offers Unmanned Aircraft Systems
(“UAS”) operators and users a high-performing, cost-effective solution for reliable command and control of drones.
The end market opportunity for UAS network solutions is large and rapidly growing. According to analysts at Barclays Capital, spending
on commercial drones will rise 10-fold over five years from $4 billion to nearly $40 billion in 2024. The U.S. Federal Aviation
Administration (“FAA”) raised its forecast in 2019 and now expects over 450,000 commercial drones flying in the U.S.
by 2022, a four-fold increase from 2017. Improvements in drone navigation capability allowing for the safe command and control
of industrial UAS beyond visual line of sight (“BVLOS”) will be a key enabler driving the growth of the UAS market.
Industrial UAS applications offer significant value to our core critical infrastructure markets and the economy at large, which
supports the growth outlook for this market. In addition to broad use by government agencies and agriculture markets, utilities,
railroads, and oil and gas industries are actively evaluating, or are in the process of incorporating, the extensive use of drones
into their business operations. These critical infrastructure sectors can realize substantial savings and improved reliability
in operations from deploying drones to monitor and inspect their remote infrastructure and assets. 53 Our Products and Services Ondas
was founded in 2006 to develop a new type of radio platform specifically to meet the evolving data needs of large industrial and
government customers and markets. These markets are differentiated from consumer markets in that the customers assets are
dispersed over very wide and remote geographies with specific challenges to installation, maintenance, and upgrades. These
challenges led us to design a new type of software-based radio platform capable of supporting a long useful life to the network
hardware. Instead of using low cost, off the shelf, dedicated communications chipsets (“ASICs”), we selected powerful
programmable embedded general-purpose processors, DSPs, and FPGAs, all of which are software upgradable. Our software defined
radio (“SDR”) architecture, with more than 12 years in development and supported by a team of 45 software engineers,
allows us to customize almost any aspect of the air interface protocol, the key components of which are patented and have been
incorporated into new IEEE wireless standards. The ability to constantly improve customer networks and hosted software applications
with flexible, over-the-air software upgrade creates customer stickiness with high switching costs. FullMAX
Software: Our FullMAX SDR platform is designed to enable highly secure and reliable industrial-grade connectivity for truly mission-critical
applications. An end-to-end FullMAX network consists of connected wireless base stations, fixed and mobile edge radios and supporting
technology all enabled by critical software developed and owned by Ondas. The target customers for our products operate in critical
infrastructure sectors of the global economy. Private wireless networks are typically the preferred choice of these large industrial
customers with business operations spanning large field areas. Private networks provide enhanced protection against cyber terrorism,
as well as natural and man-made disasters, and the ability for the operator to maintain and control their desired quality of service. In
many of our industrial end markets, the adoption of low-cost Edge computing and increased penetration of “smart machinery”
and sensors is driving demand for higher bandwidth, next-generation networks for IoT applications such as those powered by FullMAX.
These new technologies often require Fog-computing capabilities to maximize their utility to customers. The Fog-computing capability
integrated in our end-to-end FullMAX SDR platform is valued by our customers and ecosystem partners as they seek to leverage the
value of MC-IoT applications for improved safety, efficiency, and profitability. Our IEEE 802.16s compliant equipment is designed
to optimize performance of unused or underutilized low frequency licensed radio spectrum and narrower channels. We do this through
various patented software algorithms including via “spectrum harvesting” techniques which aggregate narrowband channels
to create increased broadband network capacity. Our channel aggregation algorithms include the ability to aggregate hard to utilize,
non-contiguous narrowband channels and are a hallmark feature of a FullMAX broadband system. Consequently, a FullMAX wireless
network is significantly less expensive to build compared to traditional LTE and 5G networks given its ability to optimize the
performance of lower cost, low frequency radio spectrum and provide much greater coverage and capacity. The critical software algorithms powering
our end-to-end FullMAX wireless SDR platform and related Fog-computing architecture have been developed by and are owned by Ondas.
FullMAX is an intelligent networking system which integrates core network management systems with edge computing resources including
computing hardware and MC-IoT software applications. In the MC-IoT Fog enabled by FullMAX, base stations are enabled with a highly
configurable Quality of Service algorithms which coordinate the data traffic within the Fog for both the edge radio and the resident
MC-IoT applications. The intelligent base stations control and manage all network resources including the Ondas edge remotes;
dynamically allocating bandwidth, prioritizing data packets and managing edge applications. The intelligent software-managed base
stations determine whether to process data at the edge, distribute data traffic across the Fog to other edge remote radios or
to transport information to the corporate Cloud. Ondas’ Edge remotes have embedded compute capability and are able to host
MC-IoT applications including those from third party vendors via virtualized software systems managed in docker / container architectures
and can also manage data from intelligent equipment or sensor networks that interface with the edge remotes in the field. The
Ondas software-managed edge remotes offer security via authentication, multi-layer encryption and virtual software firewalls which
are requirements for mission-critical data networks. 54 Our
FullMAX Software Defined Radio platform: ● | offers a dedicated private network for industrial applications which safeguards critical assets and information and protects against cyberattacks;
● | has frequency agility with the capability to operate in any frequency between 70 MHz and 6 GHz;
● | may be deployed in a wide variety of narrow and broadband channel sizes and can aggregate non-contiguous channels; and
● | implements standard and enhanced versions of the IEEE 802.16 protocol, the new 802.16s amendment, and the planned 802.16t enhancements FullMAX System: FullMAX base stations and edge
radios are deployed by our customers to create wide-area wireless communication networks. A FullMAX network provides end-to-end
IP connectivity, allowing critical infrastructure providers to extend their secure corporate networks into the far reaches of their
service territories. A FullMAX network also provides more data capacity allowing our customers to transition legacy applications
such critical Push-to-Talk Voice operating in legacy LMR networks to Voice over IP data networks which provide network capacity
for other data requirements alongside voice. We refer to these networks as Land Mobile Data Radio (LMDR) systems. FullMAX radios can operate at high transmit
power (up to 100 watts) at both the Base Station and Remote sites providing fixed and mobile data connectivity up to 30 miles from
the tower site (see Figure 1 below). This results in up to 2,800 square miles of coverage from a single FullMAX tower compared
with the 28 square miles typically supported by other 4G technologies and three-square miles by 5G technologies (see Figure 2 below).
This dramatically reduces the infrastructure cost of building and operating a private cellular network. For example, to cover a
territory of over 10,000 square miles may require only four FullMAX towers compared with more than 350 typical 4G towers, depending
on the topography of the region. Figure 1 55 Figure 2 We also provide a variety of services associated
with the sale of our FullMAX products including network design, RF planning, product training and spectrum consulting. We provide
customers with technical support, extended hardware warranties, and software. TARGET MARKETS AND APPLICATIONS We are dedicated to promoting standards-based
wireless connectivity solutions for our customers. Our FullMAX platform is compliant with the mission critical wireless Industrial
Internet IEEE 802.16s. The specifications in the IEEE 802.16s standard are primarily based on our FullMAX technology, and many
of our customers and industrial partners actively supported our technology during the IEEE standards-making process. In January
2020, a new working group was launched by the IEEE to establish IEEE 802.16t, a further evolution of this wireless standard. The
IEEE 802.16t working group includes industry-leading trade organizations such as the Utilities Technology Council (UTC) and the
Electric Power Research Institute (EPRI), as well as representation from world-leading transportation and oil and gas companies.
We expect our technology to remain a prominent feature of this evolving standard. We believe that the current standard and
its evolution have been instrumental in broadening the appeal of our FullMAX platform globally across all critical infrastructure
markets. Since the publishing of IEEE 802.16s in November 2017, there has been a significant increase in interest from customers
in end markets including oil and gas, water and wastewater, transportation and homeland security, as well as for the command and
control of industrial drones. We believe we are currently the only supplier able to offer IEEE 802.16s compliant systems and are
actively working with customers and industry partners to help develop and support a multi-vendor MC-IoT industry ecosystem for
this standard. 56 Our FullMAX system of wireless base stations,
fixed and mobile remote radios and supporting technology is designed to enable highly secure and reliable industrial-grade connectivity
for truly mission-critical applications. The target customers for our products operate in critical infrastructure sectors of the
global economy. Private wireless networks are typically the preferred choice of these large industrial customers with business
operations spanning large field areas. Private networks provide enhanced protection against cyber terrorism, as well as natural
and man-made disasters, and the ability for the operator to maintain and control their desired quality of service. Our IEEE 802.16s
compliant equipment is designed to optimize performance of unused or underutilized low frequency licensed radio spectrum and narrower
channels. A FullMAX wireless network is significantly less expensive to build compared to traditional LTE and 5G networks given
its ability to optimize the performance of lower cost radio spectrum (non-traditional LTE and 5G bands) and provide much greater
coverage and capacity. In many of our industrial end markets, the adoption of low-cost edge computing and increased penetration
of “smart machinery” and sensors is driving demand for higher bandwidth, next-generation networks for IoT applications
such as those powered by FullMAX. Effective April 24, 2020, we entered into
a strategic partnership with Siemens Mobility, Inc., a separately managed company of Siemens AG (“Siemens”), to jointly
develop wireless communications products for the North American Rail Industry by integrating Siemens’ Advanced Train Control
System (“ATCS”) protocol with our MC-IoT platform to create (i) a dual-mode 900 MHz over-the-air ATCS compatible, MC-IoT
capable base station radio and (ii) a dual-purpose 900 MHz, over-the-air ATCS compatible, MC-IoT capable wayside ratio. These dual-mode
ATCS/MC-IoT radio systems will support Siemens’ extensive installed base of ATCS radios and offer Siemens’ customers
the ability to support a host of new advanced rail applications utilizing Ondas’ MC-IoT wireless system. These new applications,
including Advanced Grade Crossing Activation and Monitoring, Wayside Inspection, Railcar Monitoring and support for next generation
signaling and train control systems, are designed to increase railroad productivity, reduce costs and improve safety. The new ATCS-compatible
products will be introduced in two phases, including a field-selectable ATCS or MC-IoT remote radio, which we expect to be available
in the fourth quarter of 2020. Siemens began to market and sell Siemens-branded MC-IoT wireless systems based on our technology
platforms to the North American Rail industry in the second quarter 2020. We expect to enter into the joint development of additional
rail products with Siemens in the second half of 2020 and 2021. Our FullMAX platform has been selected by
a customer to be the connectivity backbone for the deployment of a nationwide wireless network for operators of UAS. Our technology
was selected for its unique capabilities to operate with very high reliability and high throughput using narrowband licensed VHF
frequencies. Our technology solves the need for robust command and control functionality which is required by the Federal Aviation
Administration (FAA) to operate commercial, industrial and governmental drones beyond visual line of site (BVLOS). The network,
once fully deployed, will be capable of supporting the simultaneous operation of tens of thousands of drones throughout US Airspace.
We are currently working with the network operator and expect to engage multiple Tier 1 ecosystem partners to fully commercialize
the network over the next 12 months. Organizations that have publicly announced their support for this network include Aerospace
Industries Association (AIA) AeroVironment, Inc., AiRXOS Inc. (GE Aviation), the Commercial Drone Alliance, Crown Castle International
Corp., the Edison Electric Institute, General Atomics Aeronautical Systems, Inc., the National Public Safety Telecommunications
Council (NPSTC) and Xcel Energy Services Inc. Our FullMAX platform also addresses the
increasing need for data capability in the private Land Mobile Radio (LMR) push-to-talk mission critical voice markets. Land mobile
radio refers to the two-way mobile and handheld radio-based systems with the ability to offer seamless communication to field personnel
working across industrial and governmental sectors. LMR systems have traditionally offered very limited data capacity (9.6 kbps)
alongside voice-centric services. Our FullMAX platform offers the unique ability to utilize narrow and non-adjacent channels in
traditional LMR radio spectrum bands with 300x or greater capacity creating a Land Mobile Data Radio (LMDR) platform. Our LMDR
network platform simultaneously supports legacy voice services alongside the growing demand for data services. This advancement
allows customers to deploy our FullMAX data platform where push-to-talk, critical voice services are provided as one of multiple
data applications running on the network. LMR markets are seeing a growing demand for remote monitoring and control capabilities
driven by the need for efficiencies (e.g. rail sensor bed networks) and new sensor-based networks to monitor climate conditions.
We see the need to upgrade these networks across all industries and government users worldwide. In addition to selling our FullMAX solutions
for dedicated private wide area networks, we offer private mission-critical wireless services to industrial and governmental customers
in select regions of the United States. In June 2019, we acquired 2 MHz of licensed spectrum in the 700 MHz band including the
State of Alaska and four strategic industrial counties bordering the Gulf of Mexico. These counties are gateways into the
Gulf of Mexico for the industrial transport of goods (e.g. Liquid Natural Gas) and include the ports of Cameron Parish Port in
Louisiana and Port Arthur and Port Lavaca in Texas. 57 Target Customers The target customers for our products operate
in critical infrastructure sectors of the global economy. Private wireless networks are typically the preferred choice of these
large industrial customers with business operations spanning large field areas. Private networks provide enhanced protection against
cyber terrorism, as well as natural and man-made disasters, and the ability for the operator to maintain and control their desired
quality of service. The existing public carrier networks based on LTE and 5G technology are designed for mobile consumer usage
and are not architected for MC-IoT applications. Wi-Fi-based IoT offerings have similar shortcomings related to security, availability,
and reliability, which are likewise unacceptable for mission-critical functions. Our FullMAX technology offers a next-generation
upgrade path for existing private networks currently managed by our industrial customers. These networks will typically be deployed
on the existing tower and backhaul infrastructure owned by our customers thereby reducing incremental infrastructure costs. We
offer much faster data throughput and more efficient radio frequency utilization relative to existing private networks that are
based largely on legacy, proprietary technologies. We believe the IEEE 802.16s standard, and its next iteration as 802.16t, are
important catalysts for the MC-IoT upgrade cycle as our critical infrastructure customers increasingly prefer standards-based technology.
Standards-based solutions offer a deeper ecosystem of suppliers resulting in more price and service competition and lower costs.
The standard is relevant for all critical infrastructure providers with operations covering large field areas making the market
potential sizeable enough to attract a deep ecosystem of hardware and software solutions providers along with ancillary service
organizations to support our customers. We believe our FullMAX powered WANs serve
the high end of the value chain as compared to mass-market, low-powered, narrowband solutions such as LoRa, Sigfox and NB-IoT technologies
which are being offered by public carriers. Our customers require wide-area coverage with broadband speeds and low latency performance
for operating environments managed over large field areas, which we can provide cost effectively. 58 Customer Activity We launched a business expansion plan in
2018 to leverage our world-class, standards based FullMAX platform and penetrate the large, fast-growing critical infrastructure
end markets we target. We grew our dedicated sales resources to broaden our marketing efforts beyond the electric utility sector,
which had historically been our primary end market. Since the second half of 2018, we have significantly increased customer engagement
in the transportation, security, LMR and UAS end markets and our qualified pipeline has grown. A potential customer is included
in our qualified pipeline after the potential customer expresses interest in our products and we have confirmed that the potential
customer has an application for which our FullMAX platform would be well-suited. We have multiple, ongoing testing and pilot
programs with BNSF (Burlington Northern Santa Fe Railway) and CSX Corporation, two North American Class I freight railroad operators
in addition to lab testing with other rail operators. There are seven Class I freight railroad operators in North America, all
of which run multiple, frequency-specific networks for different applications. Our FullMAX platform has the flexibility to operate
in all these frequency bands and will allow these customers the opportunity to better utilize their radio spectrum and add more
high-value, data-intensive applications to their operations. Our initial field work with these rail customers has been for applications
related to train control systems in the 900 MHz frequency band where the FCC has recently awarded our railroad customers new radio
spectrum in connection with the Anterix 900 Report and Order. We are working with Siemens to introduce our FullMAX platform and
intelligent Fog-computing capability in the form of a shared network to the Class 1 railroads in the 900 MHz frequency band. We
expect multiple rail customers to participate in extensive lab and field work in connection with the planning for a commercial
rollout beginning in 2021. We expect a 900 MHz network upgrade cycle across all Class I railroad systems over the next few years
in order to comply with FCC license requirements and meet business needs related to safety and profitability. We are also currently lab testing with rail
customers in the 160 MHz land mobile radio (LMR) network, which is where the Class I railroads run their legacy critical voice
LMR applications. We believe the rails are exploring options to upgrade their legacy 160 MHz network to better utilize the frequency
band and add additional network capacity for new data requirements related to MC-IoT applications. The Class 1 railroads would
like this next-generation 160 MHz network to offer critical voice over IP in addition to carrying new data traffic. We believe
our FullMAX platform meets these new, next-generation network requirements for a Land Mobile Data Radio (LMDR) system. We are also
planning with Siemens to jointly develop an on-locomotive wireless system with FullMAX embedded in Siemens Head-of-Train (“HOT”)
on-train systems. The HOT wireless system will utilize the Class 1 railroads existing 450 MHz band for on-train telemetry data
applications. Our activity with the freight railroads has led to similar network opportunities amongst Class II railroad operators.
We expect additional purchase orders from Class I and Class II railroads in the fourth quarter of 2020 and large commercial-scale
orders in 2021. We entered the aviation services market
in late 2019 when we received a purchase order for base stations and remote radios from a customer planning to deploy a nationwide
network for the command and control of commercial drones. We completed the fulfillment of that purchase order in July 2020 and
the customer has completed the initial nationwide deployment to satisfy FCC license requirements. We are now working closely with
the customer and ecosystem partners to fully commercialize an end-to-end system designed to develop an FAA-compliant industrial
UAS navigation system. We expect additional purchase orders in 2020 for development work related to system commercialization and
for testing equipment from end user customers. We initiated field trials with large electric
utility and oil and gas customers in 2019 and continue to target sales pipeline opportunities in these sectors as we work to secure
significant reference customers in these important end markets. We continued to support customers in the government security sector,
including through deployment of a network supporting a mobile maritime border security installation in the Caribbean for Israel
Aerospace Industries (IAI), a leading Israeli defense systems supplier (This radar based security and intruder detection installation,
integrated with a FullMAX network, can be replicated by sovereign nations globally. In addition to selling our FullMAX solutions
for dedicated private wide area networks, we intend to offer mission-critical wireless services to industrial customers and governmental
users in the form of a Managed Private Network in Alaska and four strategic industrial counties bordering the Gulf of Mexico. 
We are now offering mission-critical wireless connectivity and secured initial customers in these regions. In Alaska, we established
mission-critical wireless service covering Anchorage and Fairbanks North Star, Alaska’s two most populated boroughs with
more than half the State’s approximate 740,000 population. In the Gulf of Mexico region, we established service and coverage
in coastal counties including Cameron Parish in Louisiana, and Victoria, Calhoun and Jefferson Counties in Texas. In December 2018, we established a China-based
subsidiary located in Chengdu, to market our products in China by targeting critical infrastructure industries. We explored the
establishment of supply chain management and manufacturing operations for both local customers and for export. We expected to secure
lower component costs via the further development of our supply chain in Asia for high volume production and planned to develop
internal capabilities for product assembly and testing. However, in the fourth quarter of 2019, we revised our business strategy
and withdrew our direct marketing and manufacturing efforts in China after determining that our customers, in particular those
customers operating in the U.S., including electric utility and rail sectors, strongly preferred that our products be manufactured
outside of China. Consequently, we have dissolved our China-affiliated subsidiary. 59 FullMAX Network Architecture Sales and Marketing We generate sales leads and new customers
through direct sales efforts, third party resellers, customer referrals, consultant referrals, trade show attendance, general marketing
efforts and public relations. After basic qualification of the prospect,
the typical sales process starts with the customer supplying us with key information regarding their network assets including the
location of their existing radio tower sites and the remote locations where they require data connectivity. We use this information
to generate radio frequency coverage maps based on our FullMAX technology. This information is formatted into a proposal which
is then reviewed with the customer to determine the suitability of our solution. The next step typically involves a customer paid
onsite lab evaluation of our products during which the customer tests for basic functionality, security and application compatibility.
This is typically followed by a live, real world outdoor test in which the customer purchases additional equipment to communicate
with a representative number of utility infrastructure control points. Following the successful evaluation of the
FullMAX product in a pilot network, the customer may choose, or be required, to complete a Request for Proposal (RFP) or Request
for Quotation (RFQ) process to address the requirements of their entire network. We have participated in many such processes and
have developed an extensive library of material and processes for responding effectively and efficiently in a timely manner. If we are selected, we typically enter into
contract negotiations with the customer based on our standard terms and condition of sale, software licensing agreement and warranty
policy. The customer then generates a purchase order and we commence fulfillment of the order. Many purchase orders allow for or
require phased delivery of products over several months or years. Many of our customers are conservative in
their decision-making process. Sales cycles for new customers can vary from one to three years depending on the complexity of the
customer’s network, whether the customer is subject to state regulations, and annual budget cycles. We believe that the sales
cycle will shorten as we build our market presence with successful FullMAX deployments which will serve as reference customers
and as the IEEE 802.16s multi-vendor ecosystem develops. Manufacturing, Availability and Dependence upon Suppliers We design the printed circuit boards and
enclosures for our radios and maintain the bill of materials for all of the products we manufacturer. A Bill of Materials (BOM)
is a list of the raw materials, sub-assemblies, intermediate assemblies, sub-components, parts and the quantities of each needed
to manufacture an end product. The physical manufacturing of FullMAX circuit boards is outsourced to best-in-class industrial contract
manufacturers. The contract manufacturer is responsible for sourcing the majority of components in the BOM, assembling the components
onto the printed circuit boards and then delivering the final boards to us. Once at our facility, the boards are tested, then placed
into enclosures and programmed with the appropriate software. The radios are then configured according to the requirement of the
network and run through system level tests before being packaged and shipped to the customer. We have elected to outsource manufacturing
in order to allow us to focus on designing, developing and selling our products. Furthermore, outsourced manufacturing allows us
to leverage the economies of scale and expertise of specialized outsourced manufacturers, reduce manufacturing and supply chain
risk and distribution costs. We maintain multiple contract manufacturers, both domestically and internationally, to ensure competitive
pricing and to reduce the risk from a single manufacturer. Customer Support We supply our customers with installation
manuals, user guides and system documentation as well as onsite training customized to their specific needs. We are also capable
of supporting installation and commissioning services either internally or, for extensive projects, through subcontracted third-party
specialists. 60 We provide remote support to our customers including
radio configuration assistance, hardware and software troubleshooting, software updates and software enhancements. The original
purchase price of all FullMAX radios includes a one-year hardware warranty and software maintenance plan. After one year, the customer
may enter into an Annual Support Agreement with us in order to continue their hardware warranty and software maintenance. Product Development We retain a dedicated team of software and
hardware engineers that are responsible for developing and maintaining various aspects of our FullMAX technology. The core technology
is based on state-of-the-art digital signal processing (DSP) chipsets, field programmable gate arrays (FPGAs), and general-purpose
processors. In wireless nomenclature, this concept is referred to as software defined radio (SDR) technology. We believe FullMAX is one of the most flexible
SDRs for private WANs on the market today. It can be viewed in contrast to most other commercial wireless technologies (e.g. LTE,
Wi-Fi, etc.) which are based on dedicated communications chipsets with very limited flexibility. We have purposely designed the
technology with a wide range of flexibility given the current and evolving requirements of industrial field area data networks.
Specifically, we capable of accommodate legacy protocols that predate Internet Protocol (IP) and Ethernet while also supporting
some of the most advanced protocols in the world including multiprotocol label switching (MPLS). This flexibility offers industrial
and governmental a smooth migration path to our advanced technology. Our flexible hardware and software radio architecture ensures
we can support the entire range of protocols as our customers evolve their networks and applications. Our SDR technology also provides our customers
with unmatched flexibility with respect to radio spectrum frequency bands and channel sizes. Our FullMAX radios work in frequency
bands ranging from 70 MHz to 6 GHz and in channel sizes from 12.5 kHz to 10 MHz. This flexibility allows our customers to repurpose
their existing underutilized spectrum assets or access new licensed radio spectrum at a lower cost. FullMAX radios have three major software
components: (i) general embedded Linux-based software, (ii) DSP software, and (iii) FPGA software. FullMAX Base Stations and Remote
radios have distinct software packages which combine these three components. Also, different computer software tools are used to
develop the source code for each of the components. Hardware design and development is completed using standard computerized hardware
design tools. Our product design process begins with detailed
requirements supplied from current and prospective customers. These inputs then flow into our development roadmap, which is divided
into six, 12 and 36-month plans. A majority of our ongoing development is software related which includes the following development
process: (i) requirements specification, (ii) high level design, (iii) detailed design, (iv) coding, (v) unit test, (vi) integration
tests, (vii) lab verification tests, and (viii) outdoor deployment verification. Our FullMAX technology is a single-tier
(Tier 1) point-to-multi-point broadband wireless system. Our FullMAX platform is available via: (1) our Venus Base Station and
Remote Radio hardware platform with transmit power up to four watts; (2) our Mars Base Station hardware platform with enhanced
processing power and up to 100 watts of transmit power and (3) our Mercury Remote hardware platform for ubiquitous low cost, wide
area sensor based networks and for Unmanned Aircraft Systems (UAS). Research & Development Our ability to develop state-of-the-art
and cost-effective solutions relative to our competitors can only be achieved through our continued research and development efforts.
Our research and development activities are headed by Menashe Shahar, our Chief Technology Officer, based in our Sunnyvale, California
headquarters. Mr. Shahar is a co-founder of the Company and has over 30 years of telecommunications system development experience,
including the design and implementation of broadband wireless data systems for top tier system integrators and service providers
including WorldCom, Nortel and ADC. Mr. Shahar has been awarded multiple patents in the data communications industry and has been
an active participant in major wireless standardization activities including IEEE 802.16. In addition to internal research and
development efforts, we also engage third party consultants to assist us in our research and development activities. Our research and development team works
closely with our customer support team, and incorporates feedback from our customers into our product development plans to improve
our products and address emerging market requirements. 61 Our research and development
expenses were approximately $1,651,000 and approximately $3,161,000 for the six-months ended June 30, 2020 and 2019, respectively
and approximately $5,416,000 and approximately $3,077,000 for the years ended December 31, 2019 and 2018, respectively. Intellectual Property We rely primarily on patent, trademark and
trade secret laws to protect our proprietary technologies and intellectual property. As of this filing, we held a total of six
issued patents in the U.S., seven pending patent applications in the U.S., and one international pending patent application. Our
patents expire between 2030 and 2037, subject to any patent extensions that may be available for such patents. Our intellectual
property centers around creating and maintaining robust, private, highly secure, broadband industrial wireless networks using our
FullMAX radio technology for our mission critical customers’ networks. We view our patents as a key strategic advantage as
the markets for industrial wireless connectivity grows and as these industries move to standardized solutions and will enable us
to earn licensing fees and/or royalties for the use of our patents. We have a policy of requiring our officers,
employees, contractors and other service providers and parties with which we do business to enter into confidentiality, non-disclosure
(“NDAs”) and assignment of invention agreements before disclosure of any of our confidential or proprietary information. Seasonality We do not believe that the industry in which
we compete is subject to seasonal sales fluctuation; however, we do recognize that a typical sales cycle for new customers may
take from one to three years depending on the complexity of their network and whether the customer is subject to state regulations
and/or annual budget cycles. Concentration of Customers Because
we have only recently invested in our customer service and support organization, a small number of customers have accounted for
a substantial amount of our revenue. During the six-months ended June 30. 2020, 2 customers accounted for approximately $811,000
and $515,000 of our revenue, or approximately 98%. During the year ended December 31, 2019, three customers accounted for approximately
$144,000, $115,000 and $56,000 of our revenue, or approximately 45%, 36% and 18%, respectively. During the year ended December
31, 2018, two customers accounted for approximately $145,000 and $32,000 of our revenue, or approximately 76% and 17%, respectively.
No other customers provided more than 10% of our revenue during the six months ended June 30, 2020 and the years ended December
31, 2019 and 2018. Competition We compete with alternatives to wireless
technology, public cellular data networks and private wireless networking products from other manufactures. We believe that each
of these competing solutions has core weaknesses when compared to FullMAX, as described below. Non-wireless technologies: ● | Leased Phone Lines – Analog lines are being retired by the phone companies and are not being replaced by new digital lines, especially where the grid assets are located. ● | Power Line Carrier – The transmit speeds supported by this technology are typically too low to meet the data rates of new applications. Furthermore, the service may not be available if there is an interruption in the grid (e.g. downed power lines); often the situation when communication is mission critical. ● | Private Fiber – Fiber is a point-to-point technology which has many points of failure (e.g. accidental or malicious fiber cuts) and security vulnerabilities (e.g. tapping). Underground fiber is cost prohibitive in most cases and above ground is susceptible to the same failures as downed power lines. Alternate technologies: ● | Satellite Technologies — These technologies provide good coverage, but throughput is limited and latency is too high to support mission-critical applications for our customers. These technologies can be very costly as compared to our products and systems. ● | Low-Power Wide Area Networks (LP-WANs) — LP-WAN solutions such as LoRa, Sigfox and NB-IoT are architected with lower power, the purpose of which is to make these typically sensor-based networks lower-cost solutions. The low powered equipment means these systems have lower throughput and higher latency and are not reliable for mission-critical applications that require both monitoring and control functions. 62 Public cellular data networks: ● | Public networks are vulnerable to cyber security attacks from anywhere in the world including denial of service attacks; private networks can operate independent of the public internet. Based on current and planned FAA rules, UAVs will be off-net without public Internet access. ● | Public networks are susceptible to prolonged outages during man-made and natural disasters (e.g. 9/11, Hurricane Sandy, etc.), exactly when utilities and mission critical entities require the greatest reliability. ● | Public networks are typically designed for population coverage rather than the geographic areas required by critical infrastructure providers, which often include remote locations. ● | Public networks are by definition oversubscribed, shared networks without the necessary prioritization service to support mission critical applications. ● | Public networks typically use shared infrastructure including tower sites and long-haul fiber connections resulting in vulnerabilities at many points. ● | Public networks are designed to support high capacity downloading and streaming applications with limited upload bandwidth available. Utilities typically require the reverse traffic flow, often uploading data from a large number of remote locations. Other private wireless products: ● | Unlicensed Point to Multipoint Wireless (e.g. Wi-Fi) — This equipment is very inexpensive to purchase but is subject to interference, has many security vulnerabilities, uses a contention-based protocol and transmits only over short range. Deploying Wi-Fi over wide areas is cost prohibitive. ● | Private Licensed Narrowband Wireless Radios — These networks can provide good coverage and range but are typically too slow and lack sufficient bandwidth to support new applications and the increased number of data connections required. Governmental Regulations Our operations are subject to various federal,
state and local laws and regulations including: ● | Authorization from the Federal Communications Commission (FCC) for operation in various licensed frequency bands, ● | FAA regulations unique to the navigation of commercial or industrial drones, ● | customers’ licenses from the FCC, ● | licensing, permitting and inspection requirements applicable to contractors, electricians and engineers, ● | regulations relating to worker safety and environmental protection, ● | permitting and inspection requirements applicable to construction projects, ● | wage and hour regulations, ● | regulations relating to transportation of equipment and materials, including licensing and permitting requirements, ● | building and electrical codes, and ● | special bidding, procurement and other requirements on government projects. We believe we have all the licenses materially
required to conduct our operations, and we are in substantial compliance with applicable regulatory requirements. The operation
of our manufactured products by our customers (network providers and service providers) in the U.S. or in foreign jurisdictions
in a manner not in compliance with local law could result in fines, business disruption, or harm to our reputation. The changes
to regulatory and technological requirements may also alter our product offerings, impacting our market share and business. Failure
to comply with applicable regulations could result in substantial fines or revocation of our operating licenses, or could give
rise to termination or cancellation rights under our contracts or disqualify us from future bidding opportunities. 63 Employees As of September 30, 2020, we have 17 full-time
employees, one part-time employee, and 8 consultants. Additionally, from time to time, we may hire temporary employees. We also
utilize contractors to manufacture components, for certain research and development and for system deployment functions. None of
our employees are covered by a collective bargaining agreement and we are unaware of any union organizing efforts. We have never
experienced a major work stoppage, strike or dispute. We consider our relationship with our employees to be good. Subsidiaries We have one wholly owned operating subsidiary,
Ondas Networks Inc., a Delaware corporation. Also, we have one wholly-owned subsidiary, FS Partners (Cayman) Limited, a Cayman
Islands limited liability company, and one majority owned subsidiaries, Full Spectrum Holding Limited, a Cayman Islands limited
liability company. Both FS Partners (Cayman) Limited and Full Spectrum Holding Limited were formed for the purpose of beginning
operations in China. As described above, we revised our business strategy and are in the process of dissolving our China-affiliated
subsidiaries. Once this process is complete, we will have only one wholly owned subsidiary, Ondas Networks Inc. Corporate Information We are a Nevada corporation. Our corporate
headquarters and operation facilities are located at 165 Gibraltar Court, Sunnyvale, CA 94089. Our telephone number is (888) 350-9994
and our fax number is (408) 300-5750. We maintain a website at http://www.ondas.com. Available Information Our annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly
reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K and amendments to such reports filed or furnished pursuant to section 13(a) or
15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as well as section 16 reports on Form 3, 4, or 5, are available free of charge on
our website at http://www.ondas.com as soon as it is reasonably practicable after they are filed or furnished with the SEC. Our
Code of Business Conduct and the charters for the Audit Committee, the Compensation Committee and the Nominating and Corporate
Governance Committee of our Board of Directors (“Board”) are also available on our website. The Code of Business Conduct
and charters are also available in print to any shareholder upon request without charge. Requests for such documents should be
directed to Eric Brock, Chief Executive Officer, at 165 Gibraltar Court, Sunnyvale, CA 94089. Our Internet website and the information
contained on it or connected to it are not part of, or incorporated by, reference into this Form S-1. Our filings with the SEC
are also available on the SEC’s website at http://www.sec.go v . 64 MANAGEMENT The following table sets forth information
on our executive officers and directors as of October 22, 2020. The terms of service for each of our directors expires at our next
annual meeting of stockholders or until their successors are duly elected and qualified. We do not have any promoters or control
persons. Name | Age | Position
Eric A. Brock | 50 | Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
Stewart Kantor | 58 | Director, Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer and Secretary
Thomas Bushey | 40 | Director, President
Richard M. Cohen | 69 | Director
Derek Reisfield | 57 | Director
Richard H. Silverman | 80 | Director Family Relationships There are no family relationships between
our officers and members of our Board of Directors. Business Experience of Directors and Executive Officers The business experience of each of our directors
and executive officers follows. Executive Officers Eric A. Brock – Chairman
of the Board and Chief Executive Officer Mr. Brock was elected as one of our directors
and was appointed as our President, Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, Secretary and Treasurer on June 28, 2018.
On September 28, 2018, following the completion of the Acquisition, he was appointed Chairman of the Board and resigned from the
positions of Chief Financial Officer, Secretary and Treasurer. Mr. Brock also serves as Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive
Officer of Ondas Networks Inc. since September 28, 2018. Mr. Brock is an entrepreneur with over 20 years of global banking and
investing experience. He served as a founding Partner and Portfolio Manager with Clough Capital Partners, a Boston-based investment
firm from 2000 to 2017. Prior to Clough, Mr. Brock was an investment banker at Bear, Stearns & Co. and an accountant at Ernst
& Young, LLP. Mr. Brock holds an MBA from the University of Chicago and a BS from Boston College. Our Board believes that Mr.
Brock’s experience in the public markets makes him well qualified to serve on our Board. Stewart Kantor – Director,
Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer and Secretary Mr.
Kantor was elected as one of our directors and was appointed as our President, Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer and Secretary
on September 28, 2018 following the completion of the Acquisition. Mr. Kantor served as our President through June 2, 2020, and
continues to serve as our Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer and Secretary. Mr. Kantor is a co-founder of Ondas Networks Inc. and
had served as its Chief Executive Officer since inception on February 16, 2006 until the completion of the Acquisition. He now
serves as Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer and Secretary of Ondas Networks Inc. Mr. Kantor brings 27 years of experience in the
wireless industry including senior level positions in business and product development, and marketing and finance at AT&T Wireless,
BellSouth International and Nokia Siemens Networks. Since 2004, Mr. Kantor has focused exclusively on the development of private
wireless data network technology for mission critical industries including electric utilities, oil and gas companies and the transportation
industries. Mr. Kantor obtained his B.A. in Political Science from Columbia University in 1984 and an MBA in Finance from the Wharton
School in 1991. We believe Mr. Kantor’s industry background and experience makes him well qualified to serve on our Board. Thomas Bushey – Director
and President Mr. Bushey was appointed as a director and
as our President on June 2, 2020, effective June 3, 2020. Mr. Bushey has been Chief Executive Officer of Sunderland Capital, an
investment management firm, since 2015. Prior to founding Sunderland Capital in 2015, Mr. Bushey was a portfolio manager at Blackrock.
Previously he worked as an investment banker at Credit Suisse, as a private equity professional at Thayer Capital, and as a hedge
fund analyst at Millennium Partners. Mr. Bushey earned a B.S in Economics from the Wharton School of the University of Pennsylvania . We believe that Mr. Bushey’s investment banking and private equity background and experience make him well qualified to serve on
our Board. 65 Non-Management Directors Richard M. Cohen – Director Mr. Cohen was elected as a director of Ondas
Holdings Inc. on September 28, 2018. Previously, he had served as a member of the Board of Ondas Networks Inc. since April 2016.
He has been the President of Richard M Cohen Consultants since 1995, a company providing financial consulting services to both
public and private companies. From March 2012 to July 2015, he was the Founder and Managing Partner of Chord Advisors, a firm providing
outsourced CFO services to both public and private companies. From May 2012 to August 2013, he was the Interim CEO and member of
the Board of Directors of CorMedix Inc. (NYSE: CRMD). From July 2008 to August 2012, Mr. Cohen was a member of the Audit Committee
of Rodman and Renshaw, an investment banking firm. From July 2001 to August 2012, he was a partner with Novation Capital until
its sale to a private equity firm. Mr. Cohen holds a BS with honors from the University of Pennsylvania (Wharton), an MBA from
Stanford University and a CPA from New York State. He is considered an expert to Chair the Audit Committee of a publicly traded
company. We believe that Mr. Cohen’s educational background and financial experience supporting publicly traded companies
including as a CEO and Board member of a public traded company on the New York Stock Exchange makes him well qualified to serve
on our Board. Derek Reisfield – Director Derek Reisfield was elected as a director
of Ondas Holdings Inc. on September 28, 2018. Previously, he had served as a member of the Board of Ondas Networks Inc. since April
2016. From December 2018 to the present, he has also served as an independent business consultant. From 2015 to December 2018,
Mr. Reisfield served as Vice President, Strategy and Business Development of MetaRail, Inc. (formerly, Wayfare Interactive Technologies,
Inc.), a company that provides commerce search capabilities to digital publishers and marketers. In 2008, Mr. Reisfield co-founded
BBN Networks, LLC, formerly known as BBN Networks, Inc., a digital advertising and marketing solutions company focused on the B2B
sector, where he served as Chief Executive Officer until 2014 and as Chairman until 2015. Mr. Reisfield was Executive Vice President
of Fliptrack, Inc., a social mobile gaming company, from 2007 to 2008. He was an independent consultant from 2002 to 2007 working
with digital startups and large consumer-oriented companies facing digital threats and opportunities. He was Co-Founder and Managing
Principal of i-Hatch Ventures, LLC from 1999-2001, Co-Founder, Vice Chairman and Executive Vice President of Luminant, Inc., a
digital financial and business news and information company, from 1999-2000, Co-Founder and Chairman of Marketwatch from 1997-1998,
President CBS New Media from 1997-1998, Vice President, Business Development of CBS, 1996-97, Director of Strategic Management
CBS and its predecessor Westinghouse Electric Corporation, Inc. 1996-1997. Prior to that, Mr. Reisfield was the Co-Founder of the
Media and Telecommunications Practice of Mitchell Madison Group, LLC, a management consultancy and a leader of the Media and Telecommunications
practice of McKinsey & Company, Inc. a management consultancy. He has served on several public corporation boards. Mr. Reisfield
is a director emeritus of the San Francisco Zoological Society. Mr. Reisfield holds a BA from Wesleyan University, and an AM in
Communications Management from the Annenberg School of Communications of USC in 1986. We believe Mr. Reisfield’s experience
in senior leadership positions at both privately held and publicly traded technology companies, including holding board positions
in corporate governance, make him a well-qualified candidate to serve on our Board. Richard H. Silverman –
Director Mr. Silverman was elected as a director
of Ondas Holdings Inc. on September 28, 2018. Previously, he had served as a member of the Board of Ondas Networks Inc. since April
2016. Mr. Silverman is a well-recognized and respected professional in the energy industry in Arizona and on a national level.
He is past Chair of the board of directors for the Electric Power Research Institute; past Chair and former steering committee
member of the Large Public Power Council; and former executive committee member of the board of directors for the American Public
Power Association. Since August 2011, Mr. Silverman has been Of Counsel at Jennings, Strouss & Salmon, PLC, where he focuses
his practice on energy law. Prior to joining the firm, he served as General Manager of Salt River Project from 1994 to 2011. Mr.
Silverman holds a Juris Doctor from the University of Arizona and B.A. in Business from the University of Arizona. We believe Mr.
Silverman’s prior experience as general manager of Salt River Project, one of the nation’s largest public power utilities
serving approximately one million customers in the Phoenix metropolitan area, will help the Company navigate strategic issues in
the rapidly changing electric utility industry with specific knowledge of the impact of renewables like solar energy on the electric
grid and makes him well qualified to serve on our Board. Other Directorships Other than as indicated within this section
at Business Experience , none of our directors hold or have been nominated to hold a directorship in any company with
a class of securities registered pursuant to Section 12 of the Exchange Act (the “Act”) or subject to the requirements
of Section 15(d) of the Securities Act of 1933, or any company registered as an investment company under the Investment Company
Act of 1940 . 66 Committees of the Board Audit Committee Our audit committee reviews our internal
accounting procedures and consults with and reviews the services provided by our independent registered public accountants. Our
audit committee consists of three directors, Messrs. Cohen, Reisfield and Silverman, and our Board has determined that each of
them is independent within the meaning of listing requirements of The Nasdaq Stock Market (“Nasdaq”) and the independence
requirements contemplated by Rule 10A-3 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or the Exchange Act. Mr. Cohen is
the chairman of the audit committee and our Board has determined that Mr. Cohen is an “audit committee financial expert”
as defined by SEC rules and regulations implementing Section 407 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. Our Board has determined that the composition
of our audit committee meets the criteria for independence under, and the functioning of our audit committee complies with, the
applicable requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, Nasdaq listing requirements and SEC rules and regulations. We intend to continue
to evaluate the requirements applicable to us and to comply with the future requirements to the extent that they become applicable
to our audit committee. The principal duties and responsibilities of our audit committee include: ● | overseeing the accounting and financial reporting processes of the Company, internal systems of control of the Company and audits of the Company’s consolidated financial statements; ● | overseeing the Company’s relationship with its independent auditors, including appointing or changing the Company’s auditors and ensuring their independence; ● | providing oversight regarding significant financial matters, including the Company’s tax planning, treasury policies, dividends and share issuance and repurchases; ● | overseeing the Code of Conduct; and ● | reviewing and approving all transactions with related persons for potential conflict of interest situations on an ongoing basis. Compensation Committee Our compensation committee reviews and determines
the compensation of all our executive officers. Our compensation committee consists of three directors, Messrs. Cohen, Reisfield
and Silverman, each of whom is a non-employee member of our Board as defined in Rule 16b-3 under the Exchange Act and independent
within the meaning of listing requirements of Nasdaq. Mr. Reisfield is the chairman of the compensation committee. Our Board has
determined that the composition of our compensation committee satisfies the applicable independence requirements under, and the
functioning of our compensation committee complies with the applicable listing requirements of Nasdaq and SEC rules and regulations.
We intend to continue to evaluate and intend to comply with all future requirements applicable to our compensation committee. The
principal duties and responsibilities of our compensation committee include: ● | establishing, overseeing and administering the Company’s employee compensation policies and programs; ● | reviewing and approving compensation and incentive programs and awards for the Company’s CEO, all other executive officers of the Company and the non-employee members of the Company’s Board ; and ● | administering the Company’s equity compensation plans. Nominating and Corporate Governance
Committee The nominating and corporate governance
committee consists of three independent directors, Messrs. Cohen, Reisfield and Silverman. Mr. Cohen is the chairman of the nominating
and corporate governance committee. Our Board has determined that the composition
of our nominating and corporate governance committee satisfies the applicable independence requirements under, and the functioning
of our nominating and corporate governance committee complies with the applicable listing requirements of Nasdaq and SEC rules
and regulations. We will continue to evaluate and will comply with all future requirements applicable to our nominating and corporate
governance committee. The nominating and corporate governance committee’s responsibilities include: ● | assisting the Board in identifying individuals qualified to become Board members, consistent with criteria approved by the Board; ● | recommending for the Board’s approval the slate of nominees to be proposed by the Board to stockholders for election to the Board; ● | developing, updating and recommending to the Board the governance principles applicable to the Company; ● | overseeing the evaluation of the Board and management; ● | recommending to the Board the directors who will serve on each committee of the Board; and ● | addressing any related matters required by the federal securities laws. 67 Code of Business Conduct and Ethics for Employees, Executive
Officers and Directors We have adopted a Code of Business Conduct
and Ethics, or the Code of Conduct, applicable to all of our employees, executive officers and directors. The Code of Conduct is
available on our website at www.ondas.com. The audit committee of our Board is responsible for overseeing the Code of Conduct and
our Board must approve any waivers of the Code of Conduct for employees, executive officers and directors. In addition, we intend
to post on our website all disclosures that are required by law concerning any amendments to, or waivers from, any provision of
the Code of Conduct. All of our directors, executive officers and employees are required to certify in writing their understanding
of and intent to comply with the Code. Committee Charters and Code of Business Conduct Our Board adopted a Code of Business Conduct
and charters for the Audit Committee, Compensation Committee, and Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee of the Board describing
the authority and responsibilities delegated to each committee. We post on our website www.ondas.com the charters of each of our
board committees and our Code of Business Conduct, and any amendments or waivers thereto applicable to our principal executive
officer, principal financial officer, principal accounting officer or controller, or persons performing similar functions; and
any other corporate governance materials contemplated by the Nasdaq listing requirements and SEC regulations. These documents are
also available in print, without charge, to any stockholder requesting a copy in writing from our Secretary at our executive offices
set forth in this registration statement. Executive Compensation. Summary Compensation Table The table below sets forth compensation
information for services rendered in all capacities for the last two fiscal years ended December 31, 2019 and 2018. The information
includes the dollar value of base salaries, bonus awards, stock awards, non-qualified stock options (“Options”) grants
and certain other compensation, if any, whether paid or deferred. No stock awards or Options grants were made in 2019 or 2018.
At the time of the Acquisition, Mr. Brock was the sole executive officer of the Company, and he received no compensation for his
services from the time of his election on June 28, 2018 until the execution of his employment agreement on September 28, 2018 at
the closing of the Acquisition. Name and Principal Position | Year | Salary ($) | Bonus ($) | Stock Awards ($) | Option Awards ($) | Non- Equity Incentive Plan Compen- sation ($) | Nonquali- fied Deferred Compen- sation Earnings ($) | All Other Compen- sation ($) | Total ($)
Eric A. Brock (1) (CEO) | 2019 | $ | 200,000 | $ | - | $ | - | $ | - | $ | - | $ | - | $ | 27,819 | $ | 227,819
2018 | $ | 50,769 | $ | - | $ | - | $ | - | $ | - | $ | - | $ | 5,846 | $ | 56,615
Stewart Kantor (2) (President, CFO, Treasurer and Secretary) | 2019 | $ | 200,000 | $ | 50,000 | $ | - | $ | - | $ | - | $ | - | $ | 12,500 | $ | 262,500
2018 | $ | 162,500 | $ | 50,000 | $ | - | $ | - | $ | - | $ | - | $ | 1,250 | $ | 213,750 (1) | In 2019, Mr. Brock’s salary of $200,000 includes $58,333 paid between January 1 and April 15, 2019 and $141,667 accrued between April 16 and December 31, 2019. On March 12, 2020, Mr. Brock waived accrued payroll amounts in the amount of $141,667. In 2018, Mr. Brock’s salary of $50,769 was for the period from September 28 through December 31, 2018. All Other Compensation for 2019 and 2018 includes health insurance premiums paid on Mr. Brock’s behalf. (2) | In 2018, $8,334 of Mr. Kantor’s salary was accrued. On March 12, 2020, Mr. Kantor waived accrued payroll amounts in the amount of $8,334. All Other Compensation for 2019 and 2018 represents employer matching of 401(k). Outstanding Equity Awards at Fiscal Year End We had no outstanding equity awards for
our executive officers as of the fiscal year ended December 31, 2019. 68 Employment Agreements with Executive Officers Employment Agreements with Messrs. Brock
and Kantor Eric Brock serves as our Chief Executive
Officer pursuant to an employment agreement entered into on September 28, 2018 (the “Brock Agreement”). The Brock Agreement
provides for a continuous term and may be terminated by either party at any time. Pursuant to the Brock agreement, Mr. Brock
will receive an initial salary of $200,000 per annum, subject to annual review by our Board. Mr. Brock is eligible to participate
in benefit plans generally available to our employees. Stewart Kantor serves as our President,
Chief Financial Officer, Secretary and Treasurer pursuant to an employment agreement entered into on September 28, 2018 (the “Kantor
Agreement”), which replaces the prior employment agreement he had with Ondas Networks. The Kantor Agreement
provides for a continuous term and may be terminated by either party at any time. Pursuant to the Kantor Agreement, Mr.
Kantor will receive an initial salary of $200,000 per annum, subject to annual review by our Board. Mr. Kantor is eligible to participate
in benefit plans generally available to our employees. As part of the terms of the Brock and Kantor
Agreements, each of Messrs. Brock and Kantor entered into a Non-Competition, Confidential Information and Intellectual Property
Assignment Agreement (the “Supplemental Agreements”). As part of the Supplemental Agreements, each of Messrs. Brock
and Kantor agreed (i) not to engage in Competitive Business (as defined in the Supplemental Agreements) during his term of employment
with us and for a period of 12 months following termination; (ii) not to disclose Confidential Information (as defined in the Supplemental
Agreements), subject to certain customary carve-outs; and (iii) to assign to the Company any Intellectual Property (as defined
in the Supplemental Agreements) developed using the Company’s resources or related to the Company’s business within
the scope of and during the period of employment. Mr. Brock is entitled to severance compensation
from the Company if his employment is terminated i) without cause or ii) due to “constructive termination” or iii)
due to disability, with these causes of termination being defined in the Brock Agreement. The severance compensation would consist
of i) accrued and vested benefits, and ii) continued payment of Mr. Brock’s base salary and benefits for a period of six
(6) months following separation. Mr. Kantor is entitled to severance compensation
from the Company if his employment is terminated i) without cause or ii) due to “constructive termination” or iii)
due to disability, with these causes of termination being defined in the Kantor Agreement. The severance compensation would consist
of i) accrued and vested benefits, and ii) continued payment of Mr. Kantor’s base salary and benefits for a period of twelve
(12) months following separation. Amended and Restated Employment Agreements
with Messrs. Brock and Kantor Also, on June 3, 2020, the Company entered
into amended and restated employment agreements with each of Eric Brock, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of the Company, and
Stewart Kantor, Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer and Secretary of the Company. The amended and restated employment agreement
for Messrs. Brock and Kantor, among other things, amend provisions to comply with the requirements of Section 409A of the Internal
Revenue Code. Employment Agreement with Mr. Bushey On June 3, 2020, the Company entered into
an employment agreement with Mr. Bushey to serve as President of the Company. Pursuant to the employment agreement, Mr. Bushey
will be paid an annual salary of $200,000 and will be eligible to participate in the benefits plans established for Company employees.
Also, on June 3, 2020, Mr. Bushey was granted restricted stock units for 3,000,000 shares of the Company’s common stock pursuant
to the Company’s 2018 Incentive Stock Plan, which shares will vest quarterly in equal amounts over a period of two years
from the date of grant (with 375,000 shares vesting on the last day of each calendar quarter beginning on June 30, 2020), and which
shares will not be issued and delivered to Mr. Bushey until June 3, 2022, at the request of Mr. Bushey. Pursuant to the employment agreement, Mr.
Bushey will be an at will employee of the Company. If (i) Mr. Bushey is terminated by the Company without Cause (as defined in
the employment agreement), (ii) Mr. Bushey terminates his employment due to Constructive Termination (as defined in the employment
agreement), or (iii) Mr. Bushey’s employment terminates as a result of his disability, the Company will provide Mr. Bushey
the following compensation: (a) benefits accrued and vested through the date of termination pursuant to the Company’s plan
benefits and (b) continued base salary and plan benefits on a monthly basis for a period of twelve (12) months following the date
of termination. If terminated without cause, the Company will accelerate the vesting of all unvested restricted stock units. The
payment of the severance payments described above are conditioned on Mr. Bushey’s continued compliance with the terms of
the employment agreement and Mr. Bushey executing, delivering to the Company and not revoking a general release and non-disparagement
agreement. The employment agreement contains standard non-compete and non-solicitation provisions. 69 Director Compensation We do not pay cash fees to directors who
attend regularly scheduled and special board meetings; however, we did reimburse directors for travel expenses related to attending
such board meetings. We also did not pay cash fees to our directors prior to the Acquisition; however, we did reimburse them for
travel expenses related to their attendance at board meetings. We granted no equity awards to our directors
for services rendered for the year ended December 31, 2019. Equity Compensation Plan Information The following table shows the number of
securities to be issued upon exercise or vesting of outstanding equity awards under the Incentive Plan as of December 31, 2019. Plan Category | Number of securities to be issued upon exercise or vesting of outstanding equity awards (a) | Weighted- average exercise price of outstanding options (b) | Number of securities remaining available for future issuance under equity compensation plans (excluding securities reflected in column(a)) (c)
Equity compensation plans approved by security holders | — | — | 10,000,000
Equity compensation plans not approved by security holders | — | — | —
Total | — | — | 10,000,000 The following table shows the number of securities to be issued
upon exercise or vesting of outstanding equity awards under the Incentive Plan as of June 30, 2020. Plan Category | Number of securities to be issued upon exercise or vesting of outstanding equity awards (a) | Weighted- average exercise price of outstanding options (b) | Number of securities remaining available for future issuance under equity compensation plans (excluding securities reflected in column(a)) (c)
Equity compensation plans approved by security holders | 4,877,478 | (1) | $ | 2.13 | 5,122,522
Equity compensation plans not approved by security holders | — | — | —
Total | 4,877,478 | 5,122,522 (1) | Consist of 1,499,000 shares of common stock underlying stock options and 3,378,478 shares of common stock underlying restricted stock units. 70 CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS
AND RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS Related Party Transactions Policy Our Board adopted a Related Party Transactions
Policy as we recognize that transactions involving related parties present a heightened risk of conflicts of interest and/or improper
valuation (or the perception thereof). Therefore, our Board determined that our Audit Committee shall review, approve and, if necessary,
recommend to the Board for its approval all related party transactions and any material amendments to such related party transactions.
Our Board may determine that a particular related party transaction or a material amendment thereto shall instead be reviewed and
approved by a majority of directors disinterested in the related party transaction. No director shall participate in any approval
of a related party transaction for which the director is a related party, except that the director shall provide all material information
concerning the related party transaction to the committee. Our Chief Executive Officer is responsible for providing to the Audit
Committee, on a quarterly basis, a summary of all payments made by or to us in connection with duly approved related party transactions
during the preceding fiscal quarter. The CEO is responsible for reviewing and approving all payments made by or to us in connection
with duly approved related party transactions and shall certify to the Audit Committee that any payments made by or to us in connection
with such related party transactions have been made in accordance with the policy. All related party transactions shall be disclosed
in our applicable filings as required by the Securities Act of 1933 and the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and related rules and
regulations. Related Party Transactions Energy Capital, LLC In connection with the Acquisition and pursuant
to a Common Stock Repurchase Agreement dated September 28, 2018, we purchased from Energy Capital, LLC (“Energy Capital”),
a more than 10% stockholder, 32,600,000 (post-split) shares of our common stock in exchange for the payment of $3,260. The repurchased
shares were cancelled and returned to the authorized but unissued shares of the Company. In connection with the Acquisition, we
also entered into the Loan and Security Agreement with Energy Capital pursuant to which Energy Capital agreed to lend an aggregate
principal amount of up to $10 million, subject to specified conditions. During 2019, we drew down the entire $10 million, with
all advances used for operating capital. On September 27, 2019, Energy Capital, LLC
converted an aggregate of $10,563,104 principal and interest outstanding under the Loan and Security Agreement into an aggregate
of 4,225,242 Units (wherein a unit consisted of one share of common stock and one-half of one warrant to purchase one share of
Company common stock (the “Investor Warrant”)) of the Company. At the closing of the transaction, the debt owed under
the Loan and Security Agreement was extinguished and the Loan terminated pursuant to its terms. Energy Capital, LLC owns 2,112,621
shares of common stock underlying the Investor Warrant, which Investor Warrant vests six months from the date of the Securities
Purchase Agreement and may be exercised at a price of $3.25 per share. Eric Brock On August 14, 2020, Eric A. Brock, our Chairman
and Chief Executive Officer, entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement with other subscribers in which he purchased 157,500
shares of the Company’s Series A Preferred at a cash purchase price
of $2.00 per share. On September 27, 2019, Eric A. Brock, our
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement with other subscribers in which he purchased
400,000 units (wherein a unit consisted of one share of common stock and one-half of one warrant to purchase one share of Company
common stock (the “Investor Warrant”)) of the Company for $1,000,000. The Investor Warrant for 200,000 underlying shares
of common stock vests six months from the date of the Securities Purchase Agreement and may be exercised at a price of $3.25 per
share. Between April 16 and December 31, 2019,
we accrued $141,667 for salary owed for 2019 to Mr. Brock, the Company’s Chief Executive Officer. On March 14, 2020, Mr. Brock
waived accrued payroll amounts in the amount of $141,667. During the six months ended June 30, 2020, the Company accrued payroll
amounts in the amount of $71,485. As of June 30, 2020, the accrual balance was $71,485. 71 Stewart Kantor Mr. Kantor, the Company’s Chief Financial
Officer, advanced funds to Ondas Networks to fund its operations. As of December 31, 2017, the advance due to Mr. Kantor was $155,645,
which was non-interest bearing and due on demand. The advance was repaid as of June 30, 2018. As of December 31, 2018, Ondas Networks
accrued $280,209 in salary owed for 2016, 2017 and 2018 to Mr. Kantor. On March 14, 2020, Mr. Kantor waived accrued payroll amounts
in the amount of $8,334. During the six months ended June 30, 2020, the Company accrued payroll amounts in the amount of $2,956.
As of June 30, 2020, the accrual balance was $274,831. Thomas Bushey Mr. Bushey was appointed as a director and
as our President on June 2, 2020, effective June 3, 2020. During the six months ended June 30, 2020, the Company accrued payroll
amounts in the amount of $16,562 for Mr. Bushey. As of June 30, 2020, the accrual balance was $16,562. Other Related Party Transactions As of December 31, 2017, Ondas Networks
accrued $178,125 in salary owed for 2016 and 2017 to Menashe Shahar, an employee of Ondas Networks and formerly a more than 5%
stockholder of the Company. As of December 31, 2018, Ondas Networks accrued an additional $8,334 for salary owed during 2018 to
Mr. Shahar. As of June 30, 2020, the accrual balance is $186,459. Zev Turetsky, former Chief Executive Officer
of Zev Ventures Incorporated prior to the Acquisition, advanced funds to the Company to fund operations. In 2018, Mr. Turetsky
advanced $12,500 to the Company. On June 27, 2018, Mr. Turetsky forgave the advances in the aggregate amount of $89,633. Director Independence Our Board has undertaken a review of the
independence of our directors and considered whether any director has a material relationship with us that could compromise his
ability to exercise independent judgment in carrying out his responsibilities. As a result of this review, our Board has determined
that Messrs. Cohen, Silverman and Reisfield, are “independent directors” as defined under the rules of Nasdaq. Before
the Company’s common stock is listed on Nasdaq, the Company will have a Board consisting of a majority of “independent
directors” as defined under the rules of Nasdaq. 72 CONTROLS
AND PROCEDURES Management’s Annual Report on Internal Control over
Financial Reporting Our senior management is responsible for
establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. Internal control over financial reporting is defined
in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) promulgated under the Exchange Act as a process designed by, or under the supervision of, our
principal executive and principal financial officers, or persons performing similar functions, and effected by our Board, senior
management and other personnel, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation
of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with U.S. GAAP. Because of its inherent limitations, internal
control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness
to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree
of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. We continue to review our internal control over financial reporting
and may from time to time make changes aimed at enhancing their effectiveness and to ensure that our systems evolve with our business. Under the supervision and with the participation
of management, including the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, we conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness
of our internal control over financial reporting based on the framework in “Internal Control — Integrated Framework
(2013)” issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). Based on the control deficiencies
identified during this evaluation and set forth below, our senior management has concluded that we did not maintain effective internal
control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2019 due to the existence of a material weakness in internal control over financial
reporting as described below. As set forth below, management will take
steps to remediate the control deficiencies identified below. Notwithstanding the control deficiencies described below, we have
performed additional analyses and other procedures to enable management to conclude that our consolidated financial statements
included in this prospectus fairly present, in all material respects, our financial condition and results of operations as of and
for the year ended December 31, 2019. Material Weakness A material weakness is a deficiency, or
a combination of deficiencies, in internal controls over financial reporting, such that there is a reasonable possibility that
a material misstatement of the Company’s annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely
basis. Management has determined that the Company
did not maintain effective internal control over financial reporting as of the period ended December 31, 2019 due to the existence
of the following material weakness identified by management: Lack of Segregation of Duties and Accounting Resources Due to our limited accounting staff,
the Company’s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer were responsible for initiating transactions, had
custody of assets, recorded transactions and prepared financial reports. Therefore, it was determined that the Company had
inadequate segregation of duties in place related to its financial reporting and other management oversight procedures due to
the lack of accounting resources. Accordingly, management has determined that
these control deficiencies constitute a material weakness. During 2019, management began implementing the Remediation Plan described
herein and intends to continue working on it through the year ended December 31, 2020. Management’s Remediation Plan Management believes that progress has been
made during the year ended December 31, 2019, and through the date of this registration statement, to remediate the underlying
causes of the material weakness in internal control over financial reporting. Management intends to remediate the material weakness
in the following manner: ● | Identify and employ full time additional senior level accounting personnel to join the corporate accounting function in order to enhance overall monitoring and accounting oversight within the Company; ● | continue to engage third-party subject matter experts to aid in identifying and applying US GAAP rules related to complex financial instruments as well as to enhance the financial reporting function; 73 ● | design and implement additional internal controls and policies to ensure that we routinely review and document our application of established significant accounting policies; and ● | implement additional systems and technologies to enhance the timeliness and reliability of financial data within the organization. Changes In Internal Control Over Financial Reporting Other than the Remediation Plan set forth
above, there were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting identified in management’s evaluation pursuant
to Rules 13a-15(d) or 15d-15(d) of the Exchange Act during the three months ended December 31, 2019 and the six months ended June
30, 2020 that materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. Disclosure Controls and Procedures The Company’s management, with the
participation of the Company’s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, have evaluated the effectiveness of the
Company’s disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act
of 1934, as amended (the “Exchange Act”)) as of December 31, 2019 and June 30, 2020. Based on that evaluation, the
Company’s Chief Executive Officer and the Company’s Chief Financial Officer have concluded that as of the periods ended
December 31, 2019 and June 30, 2020, due to the existence of the material weakness in the Company’s internal control over
financial reporting described above, the Company’s disclosure controls and procedures were not effective. Limitations on Effectiveness of Controls and Procedures In designing and evaluating the disclosure
controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting, management recognizes that any controls and procedures,
no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving the desired control objectives. In
addition, the design of disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting must reflect the fact
that there are resource constraints and that management is required to apply judgment in evaluating the benefits of possible controls
and procedures relative to their costs. 74 SECURITY
OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT As of October 22, 2020, the following table
sets forth certain information with respect to the beneficial ownership of our common stock by (i) each stockholder known by us
to be the beneficial owner of more than five percent (5%) of our common stock, (ii) by each of our current directors and executive
officers as identified herein, and (iii) all of our directors and executive officers as a group. Each person has sole voting and
investment power with respect to the shares of common stock, except as otherwise indicated. Beneficial ownership is determined
in accordance with the rules of the SEC and generally includes voting or investment power with respect to securities. Shares of
common stock, non-qualified stock options (“Options”), and common stock purchase warrants (“Warrants”)
that are currently exercisable or convertible into shares of our common stock within sixty (60) days of the date of this document,
are deemed to be outstanding and to be beneficially owned by the person holding the Options or Warrants for the purpose of computing
the percentage ownership of the person, but are not treated as outstanding for the purpose of computing the percentage ownership
of any other person. Unless otherwise noted, the address for all officers and directors listed below is 165 Gibraltar Court, Sunnyvale,
CA 94089. Name and Address of Officer and Directors | Amount and Nature of Beneficial Ownership (1) | Percent of Class | Amount and Nature of Beneficial Ownership after the Offering | Percent of Class after the Offering
Eric A. Brock (Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer) (2) | 5,831,085 | 9.84 | % | %
Thomas Bushey (Director and President) (3) | - | - | % | %
Stewart Kantor (Director, Chief Financial Officer, Treas. and Sec.) | 2,725,333 | 4.60 | % | %
Richard M. Cohen (Director) | 72,942 | *
Richard H. Silverman (Director) | 72,942 | *
Derek Reisfield (Director) | 72,942 | *
All Officers & Directors as a Group (6 persons) | 8,775,244 | 14.81 | % | %
Name and Address of Stockholders
Energy Capital, LLC (4) | 17,389,363 | 28.33 | % | % * | Represents beneficial ownership of less than 1%. (1) | Unless otherwise noted, we believe that all shares are beneficially owned and that all persons named in the table have sole voting and investment power with respect to all shares of common stock owned by them. Applicable percentage of ownership is based on 59,268,085 shares of common stock currently outstanding, as adjusted for each stockholder. (2) | Mr. Brock exercises sole voting and dispositive power over the 5,473,585 shares of common stock and 200,000 shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of Warrants. Includes 157,500 shares of Series A Preferred that are convertible into shares of common stock within 60 days. (3) | Does not include 750,000 shares of common stock underlying vested RSUs or RSUs that will vest within 60 days. The delivery of these shares has been delayed until June 3, 2022 at the request of Mr. Bushey. (4) | The address for Energy Capital is 13650 Fiddlesticks Blvd., Suite 202-324, Ft. Myers, FL 33912. Robert J. Smith is the sole owner of Energy Capital and exercises sole voting and dispositive power over the 15,276,742 shares of common stock and 2,112,621 shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of Warrants. This information is based on the Schedule 13-D/A (Amendment No.1) filed with the SEC on January 27, 2020. 75 DESCRIPTION
OF CAPITAL STOCK Overview Our authorized capital stock consists of
350,000,000 shares of common stock, par value $0.0001 per share, and 10,000,000 shares of preferred stock, par value $0.0001 per
share, all of which are undesignated. As of September 30, 2020, we had 59,388,085 shares of common stock outstanding and 2,350,390
shares of Series A Preferred outstanding. The following is a summary of the rights of our common and preferred stock and
some of the provisions of our Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation and Amended and Restated Bylaws, and the Nevada Revised
Statutes (the “NRS”). Because it is only a summary, it does not contain all the information that may be important to
you. For a complete description you should refer to our amended and restated articles of incorporation and our bylaws, copies of
which have been filed as exhibits to the registration statement of which this prospectus is a part, as well as the relevant provisions
of the NRS. Common Stock The holders of the Company’s common
stock: 1. | Have ratable rights to dividends from funds legally available if and when declared by the Company’s Board of Directors (the “Board”). 2. | Are entitled to share ratably in all of the Company’s assets available for distribution to holders of common stock upon liquidation. 3. | Do not have the right to preemptive, subscription or conversion rights and there are no redemption or sinking fund provisions or rights. 4 | Are entitled to cast one non-cumulative vote for each share held on all matters on which holders of common stock may vote and, with respect to the election of directors, one non-cumulative vote for each share held for each of the duly nominated directors. The rights, preferences, and privileges
of the holders of common stock may be adversely affected by, the rights of the holders of any series of Preferred Stock that may
be issued by Ondas. Preferred Stock The Board may, without further action of
the Company’s stockholders, issue shares of Preferred Stock in one or more series, fix the number of shares, determine or
alter for each such series, such voting powers, full or limited, or no voting powers, and such designation, preferences, and relative,
participating, optional, or other rights and such qualifications, limitations, or restrictions thereof, as shall be stated and
expressed in the resolution or resolutions adopted by the Board providing for the issuance of such shares and as may be permitted
under Chapter 78 of the NRS. The Board may also increase or decrease
the number of shares of any series of Preferred Stock subsequent to the issuance of shares of that series of Preferred Stock, but
not below the number of shares of such series of Preferred Stock then outstanding. In case the number of shares of any series of
Preferred Stock shall be decreased in accordance with the foregoing sentence, the shares constituting such decrease shall resume
the status that they had prior to the adoption of the resolution originally fixing the number of shares of such series of Preferred
Stock. The number of authorized shares of Preferred
Stock may be increased or decreased (but not below the number of shares thereof then outstanding) by the affirmative vote of the
holders of a majority of the voting power of the stock of Ondas entitled to vote thereon, without a separate vote of the holders
of the Preferred Stock, or of any series thereof, unless a vote of any such holders is required pursuant to the terms of any certificate
of designation filed with respect to any series of Preferred Stock. On August 14, 2020, the Company filed a
Certificate of Designation with the State of Nevada to designate 5,000,000 shares of the Company’s Preferred Stock as Series
A Preferred. Shares of Series A Preferred rank pari passu with the Company’s common stock, except that holders of Series
A Preferred shall have certain liquidation preferences as set forth in the Certificate of Designation and the holders of the Series
A Preferred are not entitled to vote on any matters presented to the stockholders of the Company. The Certificate of Designation
became effective on the August 14, 2020. The Series A Preferred is convertible at
a holder’s election any time beginning six months from the Closing into shares of the Company’s common stock at an
initial conversion price equal to the Purchase Price, subject to certain adjustments described below, so that, initially, each
share of Series A Preferred shall be convertible into one (1) share of the Company’s common stock. Also, the Series A Preferred
will be automatically converted into the Company’s common stock (a “Mandatory Conversion”), at the then applicable
conversion price, in the event of an equity offering of shares of the Company’s common stock resulting in the Company uplisting
to a national securities exchange (provided that if the per share offering price in such offering is less than the then applicable
conversion price for the Series A Preferred, the Series A Preferred will automatically convert based on the offering price in such
offering). In the event of any stock split, stock dividend,
or stock combination, the number of shares deliverable and the conversion price of the Series A Preferred will be appropriately
adjusted. In the event a Mandatory Conversion is triggered, if the offering price on the date such Mandatory Conversion is triggered
is less than a 25% premium to the purchase price of $2.00 per share, the Company will issue additional shares of the Company’s
common stock for each outstanding share of Series A Preferred to ensure the effective conversion price equals a 25% discount to
the purchase price of $2.00 per share. 76 Also, for a period of one year from the
date of the purchase agreements, if the Company undertakes an underwritten public equity offering, the holders of Series A Preferred
will enter into a lock-up agreement with respect to the sale of the Series A Preferred and the Company’s common stock underlying
such Series A Preferred as may be reasonably requested by the Company or the Company’s underwriter for such public equity
offering. As of September 30 2020, we had 2,350,390
shares of Series A Preferred outstanding. Nevada Laws Chapter 78 of the NRS contains a provision
governing “Acquisition of Controlling Interest.” This “control share act” (NRS 78.378 through 78.3793,
inclusive) provides generally that any person, individually or in association with others, that acquires 20% or more of the outstanding
voting shares of certain Nevada corporations may be denied voting rights with respect to the acquired shares, unless a majority
of the disinterested stockholders of the corporation elects to restore such voting rights in whole or in part. The control share
act will apply to the Company if the Company were to have 200 or more stockholders of record (at least 100 of whom have addresses
in Nevada appearing on the Company’s stock ledger) and if the Company does business in the State of Nevada directly or through
an affiliated corporation, unless the Company’s Articles of Incorporation or bylaws in effect on the tenth day after the
acquisition of a controlling interest provide otherwise. The control share act provides that a person, individually or in association
with others, acquires a “controlling interest” when it acquires ownership of outstanding voting shares that, but for
the operation of the control share act, would bring its voting power of the Company in the election of directors within any of
the following three ranges: ● | 20 to 33%; ● | 33% to 50%; and ● | more than 50%. Once an acquirer crosses one of the above
thresholds, shares that it acquired in the transaction taking it over the threshold and within the 90 days immediately preceding
the date when the acquiring person acquired or offered to acquire a controlling interest become “control shares” to
which the voting restrictions described above apply. A corporation may elect to opt-out from the provisions of the control share
act by providing in the articles of incorporation or bylaws that such provisions do not apply to the corporation. The Company’s
Articles of Incorporation and bylaws do not exempt the Company’s common stock from the control share act. As of the date
of this filing, the Company does not have 200 or more stockholders of record and, as a result, the control share act does not currently
apply to the Company. Exclusive Jurisdiction of Certain Actions Unless we consent in writing to the selection
of an alternative forum, the Eighth Judicial District Court of Clark County of the State of Nevada (the “Court”) shall
be the sole and exclusive forum for any stockholder (including a beneficial owner) to bring (i) any derivative action or proceeding
brought on behalf of the Company, (ii) any action asserting a claim of breach of a fiduciary duty owed by any Director, officer
or other employee of the Company to the Company or the Company’s stockholders, (iii) any action asserting a claim against
the Company, any director or the Company’s officers or employees arising pursuant to any provision of the NRS, Chapters 78
or 92A of the NRS or our Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation or our Bylaws, or (iv) any action asserting a claim against
the Company, any director or the Company’s officers or employees governed by the internal affairs doctrine. However, each
of these clauses (i) through (iv) will not apply to any claim (x) as to which the Court determines that there is an indispensable
party not subject to the jurisdiction of the Court (and the indispensable party does not consent to the personal jurisdiction of
the Court within ten (10) days following such determination), (y) for which the Court does not have subject matter jurisdiction,
or (z) which is vested in the exclusive jurisdiction of a court or forum other than the Court, including pursuant to Section 27
of the Exchange Act, which provides for exclusive federal jurisdiction over suits brought to enforce any duty or liability created
by the Exchange Act or the rules and regulations thereunder. Furthermore, Section 22 of the Securities Act provides for concurrent
jurisdiction for federal and state courts over all suits brought to enforce any duty or liability created by the Securities Act
or the rules and regulations thereunder, and as such the exclusive jurisdiction clauses set forth above would not apply to such
suits. Although we believe these provisions benefit
us by providing increased consistency in the application of Nevada law for the specified types of actions and proceedings, the
provisions may have the effect of discouraging lawsuits against us or our directors and officers. Any person or entity purchasing
or otherwise acquiring any interest in our shares of capital stock shall be deemed to have notice of and consented to this exclusive
forum provision, but will not be deemed to have waived our compliance with the federal securities laws and the rules and regulations
thereunder. Transfer Agent and Registrar Our transfer agent and registrar is Globex
Transfer, LLC, 780 Deltona Blvd., Suite 202, Deltona, Florida. Its telephone number is (813) 344-4490. Stock Exchange Listing Our
common stock is quoted on the OTCQB under the symbol “ONDS,” and, to date, has traded on a limited basis. We have applied
to list our common stock on The Nasdaq Stock Market (the “Nasdaq”) under the symbol “ONDS.” 77 SHARES ELIGIBLE
FOR FUTURE SALE Prior to this offering, a very limited public
market exists for our common stock. Future sales of our common stock in the public market, or the availability of such shares for
sale in the public market, could adversely affect market prices prevailing from time to time. As described below, approximately % of our common stock outstanding immediately after this offering will be subject to contractual and legal restrictions on resale.
Nevertheless, sales of our common stock eligible for sale in the public market immediately after this offering, or sales of other
shares eligible for sale after such restrictions lapse, or the perception that those sales may occur, could adversely affect the
prevailing market price at such time and our ability to raise equity capital in the future. Based on the number of shares outstanding
as of , 2020, upon the closing of this offering and assuming no exercise of the underwriters’ option to purchase additional
shares, shares of common stock will be outstanding. All of the shares of common stock sold in this offering will be freely tradable
without restrictions or further registration under the Securities Act, except for any shares sold to our “affiliates,”
as that term is defined under Rule 144 under the Securities Act. Of the 59,388,085 shares of common stock held by existing stockholders,
50,429,585 shares are “restricted securities,” as that term is defined in Rule 144 under the Securities Act. Restricted
securities may be sold in the public market only if registered or if their resale qualifies for exemption from registration described
pursuant to Rule 144 promulgated under the Securities Act. As a result of the lock-up agreements referred
to below and the provisions of Rule 144 under the Securities Act, the shares of our common stock (excluding the shares sold in
this offering) that will be available for sale in the public market are as follows: Number of Shares and % of Total Outstanding | Date Available for Sale into Public Market
shares, or % | On the date of this prospectus.
shares, or % | March 28, 2021, subject to the 5% limitation over a 90 day period (described below under Lock-up Agreements)
shares, or % | 90 days after the date of this prospectus, due to lock-up agreements between the holders of these shares and the underwriters, and further subject to the 5% limitation over a 90 day period (described above under Lock-up Agreements). However, the representatives of the underwriters, acting together, can waive the provisions of the 90 day lock-up agreements and allow these stockholders to sell their shares at any time. Lock-up Agreements In connection with the Acquisition, (i)
our sole director appointed additional individuals, who previously sat on the board of Ondas Networks and its chief executive officer,
to serve on our Board, and our Board subsequently appointed our executive officers; (ii) the former holders of the Ondas Networks
Shares executed lock-up agreements (the “Lock-Up Agreements”), which provided for an initial twelve-month lock-up period
followed by a subsequent 12-month limited sale period, commencing with the date of closing of the Acquisition. Subsequent to the
closing, (i) the Lock-Up Agreements were amended on August 30, 2019 to delete the 12-month limited sale period making all shares
locked up until September 28, 2020. The Lock-Up Agreements were subsequently amended to extend the lock-up period to March 28,
2021. In connection with this offering, we, our
directors, our executive officers and certain stockholders have agreed, subject to certain exceptions, with the underwriters not
to dispose of or hedge any shares of our common stock or securities convertible into or exchangeable for shares of common stock
during the period from the date of the lock-up agreement continuing through the date 90 days after the date of this prospectus,
except with the prior written consent of the representative of the underwriters, and certain other exceptions. The representative
of the underwriters has advised us that it has no current intent or arrangement to release any of the shares subject to the lock-up
agreements prior to the expiration of the lock-up period. See “Underwriting.” 78 UNDERWRITING We entered into an underwriting
agreement with the underwriters named below on , 2020.
Oppenheimer & Co. Inc. is acting as the sole book-running manager and representative of the underwriters, National
Securities Corporation is acting as the lead manager and Northland Securities, Inc. and Spartan Capital Securities, LLC are
acting as co-managers. The underwriting agreement provides for the purchase of a specific number of shares of common stock by
each of the underwriters. The underwriters’ obligations are several, which means that each underwriter is required to
purchase a specified number of shares of common stock, but is not responsible for the commitment of any other underwriter to
purchase shares of common stock. Subject to the terms and conditions of the underwriting agreement, each underwriter has
severally agreed to purchase the number of shares of common stock set forth opposite its name below: Number of
Underwriter | Shares of Common Stock
Oppenheimer & Co. Inc.
National Securities Corporation
Northland Securities, Inc.
Spartan Capital Securities, LLC
Total Subject to the terms and conditions set
forth in the underwriting agreement, the underwriters have agreed to purchase all of the shares offered by this prospectus (other
than those covered by the option described below), if any are purchased. The shares of common stock offered hereby
are expected to be ready for delivery on or about , 2020 against payment in immediately available funds. The underwriters are offering the shares
of common stock subject to various conditions and may reject all or part of any order. The representative of the underwriters has
advised us that the underwriters propose initially to offer the shares of common stock to the public at the public offering price
set forth on the cover page of this prospectus and to dealers at a price less a concession not in excess of $ 
per share of common stock to brokers and dealers. After the shares of common stock are released for sale to the public, the representative
may change the offering price, the concession, and other selling terms at various times. We
have granted the underwriters an option to purchase additional shares for the purpose of covering over-allotments. This option,
which is exercisable for up to 30 days after the date of this prospectus, permits the underwriters to purchase a maximum of additional
shares of common stock from us. If the underwriters exercise all or part
of this option, they will purchase shares of common stock covered by the option at the public offering price that appears on the
cover page of this prospectus, less the underwriting discounts and commissions. The underwriters have severally agreed that, to
the extent the option is exercised, they will each purchase a number of additional shares proportionate to such underwriter’s
initial amount reflected in the foregoing table. The following table provides information
regarding the amount of the discounts and commissions to be paid to the underwriters by us, before expenses: Per Share of Common Stock | Total Without Exercise of Underwriters’ Option | Total With Full Exercise of Underwriters’ Option
Public offering price | $ | $ | $
Underwriting discounts and commissions(1) | $ | $ | $
Proceeds, before expenses, to us | $ | $ | $ (1) | We have agreed to pay the underwriters a commission of 7% of the gross proceeds of this offering. We estimate that our total expenses of
the offering, excluding the estimated underwriting discounts and commissions, will be approximately $ 
. We have agreed to reimburse the underwriters for all reasonable out-of-pocket costs and expenses incident to the performance
of the obligations of the representative under the underwriting agreement (including, without limitation, the fees and expenses
of the underwriters’ outside attorneys). 79 We have agreed to indemnify the underwriters
against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. We have agreed to a 90-day “lock-up,”
during which, without the prior written consent of Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., we shall not issue, sell or register with the Securities
and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”) (other than on Form S-8 or on any successor form) with respect to any of our equity
securities (or any securities convertible into, exercisable for or exchangeable for any of our equity securities), except for (i)
the issuance of the shares of common stock offered pursuant to this prospectus; and (ii) the issuance of shares of common stock
pursuant to our existing stock option or bonus plan as described in the registration statement of which this prospectus forms a
part. Our executive officers, directors and certain
of our significant stockholders have also agreed to a 90-day “lock-up,” during which, without the prior written consent
of Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., they shall not, directly or indirectly, (i) offer, pledge, assign, encumber, announce the intention
to sell, sell, contract to sell, sell any option or contract to purchase, purchase any option or contract to sell, grant any option,
right or warrant to purchase, or otherwise transfer or dispose of, any shares of common stock or any securities convertible into
or exercisable or exchangeable for common stock, owned either of record or beneficially (as defined in the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934, as amended (the “Exchange Act”) by any signatory of the lock-up agreement on the date of the prospectus
or thereafter acquired; (ii) enter into any swap or other agreement that transfers, in whole or in part, any of the economic consequences
of ownership of the common stock or any securities convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for common stock, whether any
such transaction described in clauses (i) or (ii) above is to be settled by delivery of common stock or such other securities,
in cash or otherwise, or publicly announce an intention to do any of the foregoing; and (iii) make any demand for or exercise any
right with respect to, the registration of any shares of common stock or any security convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable
for common stock. The foregoing shall not apply to (i) common stock to be transferred as a gift or gifts ( provided , that
(a) any donee shall execute and deliver to Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., acting on behalf of the underwriters, not later than one
business day prior to such transfer, a lock-up agreement to Oppenheimer & Co. Inc. and (b) if the lock-up signatory is required
to file a report under Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act, reporting a reduction in beneficial ownership of shares of common stock
or beneficially owned shares or any securities convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for common stock or beneficially
owned shares during the 90-day “lock-up,” the lock-up signatory shall include a statement in such report to the effect
that such transfer is being made as a gift) and (ii) (a) the exercise or vesting of equity awards granted pursuant to any equity
compensation plan of the Company or the conversion of the Company’s Series A Preferred pursuant to its
terms, each such security as described in the registration statement of which this prospectus forms a part and outstanding as of
the date of this prospectus, and (b) the sale of common stock to cover the payment of the exercise prices or the payment of taxes
associated with the exercise, vesting, or conversion of such securities described in clause (ii)(a) (provided, that for clauses
(ii)(a) and (b), (A) except as provided for in clause (ii)(b), any securities received upon such exercise or vesting shall be subject
to the terms of the lock-up agreement and (B) no public filing, report or announcement shall be voluntarily made and if any filing
under Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act, or other public filing, report or announcement reporting a reduction in beneficial ownership
of shares of common stock in connection with such distribution shall be legally required during the 90-day “lock-up,”
such filing, report or announcement shall clearly indicate in the footnotes thereto that such sale of common stock is to cover
the payment of exercise prices or the payment of taxes). Rules of the SEC may limit the ability of
the underwriters to bid for or purchase shares of common stock before the distribution of the shares is completed. However, the
underwriters may engage in the following activities in accordance with the rules: ● | Stabilizing transactions - the representative may make bids or purchases for the purpose of pegging, fixing or maintaining the price of the common stock, so long as stabilizing bids do not exceed a specified maximum. ● | Over-allotments and syndicate covering transactions - the underwriters may sell more shares of common stock in connection with this offering than the number of shares of common stock that they have committed to purchase. This over-allotment creates a short position for the underwriters. This short sales position may involve either “covered” short sales or “naked” short sales. Covered short sales are short sales made in an amount not greater than the underwriters’ over-allotment option to purchase additional shares of common stock in this offering described above. The underwriters may close out any covered short position either by exercising its over-allotment option or by purchasing shares of common stock in the open market. To determine how they will close the covered short position, the underwriters will consider, among other things, the price per share of common stock available for purchase in the open market, as compared to the price at which they may purchase shares of common stock through the over-allotment option. Naked short sales are short sales in excess of the over-allotment option. The underwriters must close out any naked short position by purchasing shares of common stock in the open market. A naked short position is more likely to be created if the underwriters are concerned that, in the open market after pricing, there may be downward pressure on the price per share of common stock that could adversely affect investors who purchase shares of common stock in this offering. 80 ● | Penalty bids - if the representative purchases shares of common stock in the open market in a stabilizing transaction or syndicate covering transaction, it may reclaim a selling concession from the underwriters and selling group members who sold those shares of common stock as part of this offering. ● | Passive market making - market makers in the common stock who are underwriters or prospective underwriters may make bids for or purchases of shares of common stock, subject to limitations, until the time, if ever, at which a stabilizing bid is made. Similar to other purchase transactions,
the underwriters’ purchases to cover the syndicate short sales or to stabilize the market price of our common stock may have
the effect of raising or maintaining the market price of our common stock or preventing or mitigating a decline in the market price
of our common stock. As a result, the price of our common stock may be higher than the price that might otherwise exist in the
open market. The imposition of a penalty bid might also have an effect on the price of the common stock if it discourages resales
of our shares of common stock. Neither we nor the underwriters make any
representation or prediction as to the effect that the transactions described above may have on the price of our common stock.
These transactions may occur on The Nasdaq Capital Market or otherwise. If such transactions are commenced, they may be discontinued
without notice at any time. The underwriters and certain of their affiliates
are full service financial institutions engaged in various activities, which may include securities trading, commercial and investment
banking, financial advisory, investment management, investment research, principal investment, hedging, financing and brokerage
activities. Some of the underwriters and certain of their affiliates may in the future engage in investment banking and other commercial
dealings in the ordinary course of business with us and our affiliates, for which they may in the future receive customary fees,
commissions and expenses. In addition, in the ordinary course of their
business activities, the underwriters and their affiliates may make or hold a broad array of investments and actively trade debt
and equity securities (or related derivative securities) and financial instruments (including bank loans) for their own account
and for the accounts of their customers. Such investments and securities activities may involve securities and/or instruments of
ours or our affiliates. The underwriters and their affiliates may also make investment recommendations and/or publish or express
independent research views in respect of such securities or financial instruments and may hold, or recommend to clients that they
acquire, long and/or short positions in such securities and instruments. Electronic Delivery of Prospectus: A prospectus
in electronic format may be delivered to potential investors by one or more of the underwriters participating in this offering.
The prospectus in electronic format will be identical to the paper version of such prospectus. Other than the prospectus in electronic
format, the information on any underwriter’s website and any information contained in any other website maintained by an
underwriter is not part of this prospectus or the registration statement of which this prospectus forms a part. Notice to Non-U.S. Investors European Economic Area and the United
Kingdom In relation to each Member State of the
European Economic Area and the United Kingdom (each, a “Relevant State”), no shares have been offered or will be offered
pursuant to the offering to the public in that Relevant State prior to the publication of a prospectus in relation to the shares
which has been approved by the competent authority in that Relevant State or, where appropriate, approved in another Relevant State
and notified to the competent authority in that Relevant State, all in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation), except that
offers of the shares may be made to the public in that Relevant State at any time under the following exemptions under the Prospectus
Regulation: A. | to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined under the Prospectus Regulation; B. | to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined under the Prospectus Regulation), subject to obtaining the prior consent of the representative for any such offer; or C. | in any circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation, provided that no such offer of shares
shall require the issuer or any of the representatives to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation
or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. 81 In the case of any shares being offered
to a financial intermediary as that term is used in Article 5(1) of the Prospectus Regulation, each such financial intermediary
will be deemed to have represented, acknowledged and agreed that the shares acquired by it in the offer have not been acquired
on a non-discretionary basis on behalf of, nor have they been acquired with a view to their offer or resale to, persons
in circumstances which may give rise to an offer to the public other than their offer or resale in a Relevant State to qualified
investors, in circumstances in which the prior consent of the representatives has been obtained to each such proposed offer or
resale. We, the representative and each of our and
the representative’s respective affiliates will rely upon the truth and accuracy of the foregoing representations, acknowledgements
and agreements. For the purposes of this provision, the
expression an “offer to the public” in relation to any shares in any Relevant State means the communication in any
form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the offer and any shares to be offered so as to enable an investor
to decide to purchase or subscribe for any shares, and the expression “Prospectus Regulation” means Regulation (EU)
2017/1129. References to the Prospectus Regulation
include, in relation to the United Kingdom, the Prospectus Regulation as it forms part of United Kingdom domestic law by virtue
of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018. The above selling restriction is in addition
to any other selling restrictions set out below. In connection with the offering, the representative
is not acting for anyone other than the issuer and will not be responsible to anyone other than the issuer for providing the protections
afforded to their clients nor for providing advice in relation to the offering. United Kingdom This document is for distribution only to
persons who (i) have professional experience in matters relating to investments and who qualify as investment professionals
within the meaning of Article 19(5) of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (Financial Promotion) Order 2005 (as amended,
the “Financial Promotion Order”), (ii) are persons falling within Article 49(2)(a) to (d) (“high net worth companies,
unincorporated associations etc.”) of the Financial Promotion Order, (iii) are outside the United Kingdom, or (iv) are
persons to whom an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the meaning of Section 21 of the Financial
Services and Markets Act 2000, as amended (“FSMA”)) in connection with the issue or sale of any securities may otherwise
lawfully be communicated or caused to be communicated (all such persons together being referred to as “relevant persons”).
This document is directed only at relevant persons and must not be acted on or relied on by persons who are not relevant persons.
Any investment or investment activity to which this document relates is available only to relevant persons and will be engaged
in only with relevant persons. Canada The shares may be sold only to purchasers
purchasing, or deemed to be purchasing, as principal that are accredited investors, as defined in National Instrument 45-106 Prospectus Exemptions
or subsection 73.3(1) of the Securities Act (Ontario), and are permitted clients, as defined in National Instrument 31-103 Registration Requirements,
Exemptions and Ongoing Registrant Obligations. Any resale of the shares must be made in accordance with an exemption from, or in
a transaction not subject to, the prospectus requirements of applicable securities laws. Securities legislation in certain provinces
or territories of Canada may provide a purchaser with remedies for rescission or damages if this prospectus (including any amendment
thereto) contains a misrepresentation, provided that the remedies for rescission or damages are exercised by the purchaser within
the time limit prescribed by the securities legislation of the purchaser’s province or territory. The purchaser should refer
to any applicable provisions of the securities legislation of the purchaser’s province or territory for particulars of these
rights or consult with a legal advisor. Pursuant to section 3A.3 of National Instrument 33-105 Underwriting Conflicts (NI 33-105), the underwriters
are not required to comply with the disclosure requirements of NI 33-105 regarding underwriter conflicts of
interest in connection with this offering. 82 Israel In the State of Israel, this prospectus
shall not be regarded as an offer to the public to purchase shares of common stock under the Israeli Securities Law, 5728 – 1968,
which requires a prospectus to be published and authorized by the Israel Securities Authority, if it complies with certain provisions
of Section 15 of the Israeli Securities Law, 5728 – 1968, including, inter alia, if: (i) the offer is
made, distributed or directed to not more than 35 investors, subject to certain conditions (the “Addressed Investors”);
or (ii) the offer is made, distributed or directed to certain qualified investors defined in the First Addendum of the Israeli
Securities Law, 5728 –1968, subject to certain conditions (the “Qualified Investors”). The Qualified Investors
shall not be taken into account in the count of the Addressed Investors and may be offered to purchase securities in addition to
the 35 Addressed Investors. The company has not and will not take any action that would require it to publish a prospectus in accordance
with and subject to the Israeli Securities Law, 5728 – 1968. We have not and will not distribute this prospectus
or make, distribute or direct an offer to subscribe for our common stock to any person within the State of Israel, other than to
Qualified Investors and up to 35 Addressed Investors. Qualified Investors may have to submit written
evidence that they meet the definitions set out in of the First Addendum to the Israeli Securities Law, 5728 – 1968.
In particular, we may request, as a condition to be offered common stock, that Qualified Investors will each represent, warrant
and certify to us and/or to anyone acting on our behalf: (i) that it is an investor falling within one of the categories listed
in the First Addendum to the Israeli Securities Law, 5728 – 1968; (ii) which of the categories listed in the First
Addendum to the Israeli Securities Law, 5728 – 1968 regarding Qualified Investors is applicable to it; (iii) that
it will abide by all provisions set forth in the Israeli Securities Law, 5728 – 1968 and the regulations promulgated
thereunder in connection with the offer to be issued common stock; (iv) that the shares of common stock that it will be issued
are, subject to exemptions available under the Israeli Securities Law, 5728 – 1968: (a) for its own account; (b) for
investment purposes only; and (c) not issued with a view to resale within the State of Israel, other than in accordance with
the provisions of the Israeli Securities Law, 5728 – 1968; and (v) that it is willing to provide further evidence
of its Qualified Investor status. Addressed Investors may have to submit written evidence in respect of their identity and may
have to sign and submit a declaration containing, inter alia, the Addressed Investor’s name, address and passport number
or Israeli identification number. We have not authorized and do not authorize
the making of any offer of securities through any financial intermediary on our behalf, other than offers made by the underwriters
and their respective affiliates, with a view to the final placement of the securities as contemplated in this document. Accordingly,
no purchaser of the shares, other than the underwriters, is authorized to make any further offer of shares on our behalf or on
behalf of the underwriters. Switzerland The shares may not be publicly offered in
Switzerland and will not be listed on the SIX Swiss Exchange (“SIX”) or on any other stock exchange or regulated trading
facility in Switzerland. This document does not constitute a prospectus within the meaning of, and has been prepared without regard
to the disclosure standards for issuance prospectuses under art. 652a or art. 1156 of the Swiss Code of Obligations or the disclosure
standards for listing prospectuses under art. 27 ff. of the SIX Listing Rules or the listing rules of any other stock exchange
or regulated trading facility in Switzerland. Neither this document nor any other offering or marketing material relating to the
shares or the offering may be publicly distributed or otherwise made publicly available in Switzerland. Neither this document nor any other offering
or marketing material relating to the offering, the Company or the shares have been or will be filed with or approved by any Swiss
regulatory authority. In particular, this document will not be filed with, and the offer of shares will not be supervised by, the
Swiss Financial Market Supervisory Authority (“FINMA”), and the offer of shares has not been and will not be authorized
under the Swiss Federal Act on Collective Investment Schemes (“CISA”). The investor protection afforded to acquirers
of interests in collective investment schemes under the CISA does not extend to acquirers of shares. Hong Kong No shares have been offered or sold, and
no shares may be offered or sold, in Hong Kong, by means of any document, other than to persons whose ordinary business is to buy
or sell shares or debentures, whether as principal or agent; or to “professional investors” as defined in the Securities
and Futures Ordinance (Cap. 571) of Hong Kong, or SFO, and any rules made under that Ordinance; or in other circumstances which
do not result in the document being a “prospectus” as defined in the Companies Ordinance (Cap. 32) of Hong Kong (“CO”)
or which do not constitute an offer or invitation to the public for the purpose of the CO or the SFO. No document, invitation or
advertisement relating to the shares has been issued or may be issued or may be in the possession of any person for the purpose
of issue (in each case whether in Hong Kong or elsewhere), which is directed at, or the contents of which are likely to be accessed
or read by, the public of Hong Kong (except if permitted under the securities laws of Hong Kong) other than with respect to shares
which are or are intended to be disposed of only to persons outside Hong Kong or only to “professional investors” as
defined in the SFO and any rules made under that Ordinance. 83 This prospectus has not been registered
with the Registrar of Companies in Hong Kong. Accordingly, this prospectus may not be issued, circulated or distributed in Hong
Kong, and the shares may not be offered for subscription to members of the public in Hong Kong. Each person acquiring the shares
will be required, and is deemed by the acquisition of the shares, to confirm that he is aware of the restriction on offers of the
shares described in this prospectus and the relevant offering documents and that he is not acquiring, and has not been offered
any shares in circumstances that contravene any such restrictions. LEGAL MATTERS Certain legal matters with respect to the
U.S. federal securities laws and New York law relating to this offering will be passed upon for us by Akerman LLP, Fort
Lauderdale, Florida. The validity of the shares of common stock offered by this prospectus has been passed upon for us by Snell
& Wilmer L.L.P., Las Vegas, Nevada. White & Case LLP, New York, New York, has acted as counsel for the underwriters
in connection with certain legal matters related to this offering. EXPERTS Rosenberg Rich Baker Berman, P.A.,
independent registered public accounting firm, has audited our financial statements at December 31, 2019 and 2018, and for
the years then ended, as set forth in their report. We have included our financial statements in the prospectus and elsewhere
in the registration statement in reliance on Rosenberg Rich Baker Berman P.A.’s report, given on their authority as
experts in accounting and auditing. WHERE YOU
CAN FIND MORE INFORMATION We have filed with the SEC a registration
statement on Form S-1, including exhibits and schedules, under the Securities Act that registers the shares of our common stock
to be sold in this offering. This prospectus does not contain all of the information contained in the registration statement and
the exhibits and schedules filed as part of the registration statement. For further information with respect to us and our common
stock, we refer you to the registration statement and the exhibits and schedules filed as part of the registration statement. Statements
contained in this prospectus as to the contents of any contract or any other document are not necessarily complete. If a contract
or document has been filed as an exhibit to the registration statement, we refer you to the copies of the contract or document
that has been filed. Each statement in this prospectus relating to a contract or document filed as an exhibit is qualified in all
respects by the filed exhibit. You may read and copy all materials that
we file with the SEC, including the registration statement and its exhibits and schedules, on the website maintained by the SEC
at www.sec.gov. Information contained on any website referenced in this prospectus does not and will not constitute a part of this
prospectus or the registration statement on Form S-1 of which this prospectus is a part. In addition, upon the closing of this offering,
we will be subject to the information reporting requirements of the Exchange Act and we will file periodic reports, proxy statements
and other information with the SEC. These periodic reports, proxy statements and other information will be available for inspection
and copying at the public reference room and the website of the SEC referred to above. We also maintain a website at www.ondas.com,
at which you may access these materials free of charge as soon as reasonably practicable after they are electronically filed with,
or furnished to, the SEC. The information contained in, or that can be accessed through, our website is not a part of, and is not
incorporated into, this prospectus. Additionally, you may request a copy of any of our filings with the SEC at no cost, by writing
or telephoning us at the following address: Ondas
Holdings Inc. 165
Gibraltar Court Sunnyvale,
CA 94089 (888)
350-9994 You should rely only on the information
contained in this prospectus or to which we have referred you. We have not and the underwriters have not authorized any person
to provide you with different information or to make any representation not contained in this prospectus. 84 INDEX
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Page
Six months ended June 30, 2020
Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets as of June 30, 2020 (Unaudited) and December 31, 2019 | F-2
Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations for the Three Months and Six Months Ended June 30, 2020 and 2019 (Unaudited) | F-3
Condensed Consolidated Statements of Stockholders’ Deficit for the Three and Six Months Ended June 30, 2020 and 2019 (Unaudited) | F-4
Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Six Months Ended June 30, 2020 and 2019 (Unaudited) | F-5
Notes to the Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements | F-6
Years ended December 31, 2019 and December 31, 2018
Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm | F-24
Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2019 and 2018 | F-25
Consolidated Statements of Operations for the Years Ended December 31, 2019 and 2018 | F-26
Consolidated Statements of Changes In Equity | F-27
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended December 31, 2019 and 2018 | F-28
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements | F-29 F- 1 ONDAS
HOLDINGS INC. CONDENSED
CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS June 30, | December 31,
2020 | 2019
(Unaudited)
ASSETS
Current Assets:
Cash and cash equivalents | $ | 43,964 | $ | 2,153,028
Restricted cash | 19,332 | -
Accounts receivable, net | 332,981 | 20,212
Inventory | 957,022 | 427,516
Other current assets | 305,615 | 700,599
Total current assets | 1,658,914 | 3,301,355
Property and equipment, net | 209,671 | 252,246
Other Assets:
Licenses, net | 270,059 | 200,000
Intangible assets, net | 149,563 | 126,344
Lease deposits | 49,377 | 52,152
Deferred offering costs | 23,596 | -
Operating lease right of use assets | 196,651 | 331,419
Total other assets | 689,246 | 709,915
Total assets | $ | 2,557,831 | $ | 4,263,516
LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS’ DEFICIT
Current Liabilities:
Accounts payable | $ | 3,363,303 | $ | 2,322,198
Operating lease liabilities | 307,456 | 489,407
Accrued expenses and other current liabilities | 3,598,296 | 3,141,649
Secured promissory note, net of debt discount $ 70,981 and $ 252,933 , respectively | 10,425,650 | 10,106,895
Notes payable | 259,035 | -
Total current liabilities | 17,953,740 | 16,060,149
Long-Term Liabilities:
Notes payable, net of current portion | 946,977 | 539,921
Accrued interest | 58,501 | 41,239
Operating lease liabilities, net of current portion | - | 52,449
Total long-term liabilities | 1,005,478 | 633,609
Total liabilities | 18,959,218 | 16,693,758
Commitments and Contingencies
Stockholders’ Deficit:
Preferred stock - par value $ 0.0001 : 10,000,000 shares authorized | - | -
Common stock - par value $ 0.0001 ; 350,000,000 shares authorized; 59,268,085 issued and outstanding in each period | 5,927 | 5,927
Additional paid in capital | 41,392,179 | 39,335,498
Accumulated deficit | ( 57,799,493 | ) | ( 51,771,667 | )
Total stockholders’ deficit | ( 16,401,387 | ) | ( 12,430,242 | )
Total liabilities and stockholders’ deficit | $ | 2,557,831 | $ | 4,263,516 F- 2 ONDAS
HOLDINGS INC. CONDENSED
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS (Unaudited) Three Months Ended | Six Months Ended
June 30, | June 30,
2020 | 2019 | 2020 | 2019
Revenues, net | $ | 1,155,374 | $ | 193,157 | $ | 1,355,572 | $ | 225,451
Cost of goods sold | 540,585 | 50,646 | 721,677 | 55,948
Gross profit | 614,789 | 142,511 | 633,895 | 169,503
Operating expenses:
General and administration | 2,490,257 | 1,223,443 | 3,398,844 | 2,838,173
Sales and marketing | 132,370 | 1,685,241 | 681,388 | 3,554,212
Research and development | 757,916 | 1,499,111 | 1,650,845 | 3,160,530
Total operating expenses | 3,380,543 | 4,407,795 | 5,731,077 | 9,552,915
Operating loss | ( 2,765,754 | ) | ( 4,265,284 | ) | ( 5,097,182 | ) | ( 9,383,412 | )
Other income (expense)
Other income | - | 2,727 | 9,013 | 4,308
Interest income | 66 | 1,667 | 158 | 1,667
Interest expense | ( 454,853 | ) | ( 719,106 | ) | ( 939,815 | ) | ( 1,276,284 | )
Impairment of deferred offering and financing costs associated with canceled financing efforts | - | ( 120,632 | ) | ( 270,632 | )
Total other income (expense) | ( 454,787 | ) | ( 835,344 | ) | ( 930,644 | ) | ( 1,540,941 | )
Loss before provision for income taxes | ( 3,220,541 | ) | ( 5,100,628 | ) | ( 6,027,826 | ) | ( 10,924,353 | )
Provision for income taxes | - | - | - | -
Net loss | ( 3,220,541 | ) | ( 5,100,628 | ) | ( 6,027,826 | ) | ( 10,924,353 | )
Foreign currency translation gain | - | 9,239 | - | 13,900
Comprehensive loss | $ | ( 3,220,541 | ) | $ | ( 5,091,389 | ) | $ | ( 6,027,826 | ) | $ | ( 10,910,453 | )
Net loss per share - basic and diluted | $ | ( 0.05 | ) | $ | ( 0.10 | ) | $ | ( 0.10 | ) | $ | ( 0.22 | )
Weighted average number of common shares outstanding, basic and diluted | 59,408,763 | 50,463,732 | 59,408,763 | 50,463,732 F- 3 ONDAS
HOLDINGS INC. CONDENSED
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS’ DEFICIT FOR
THE THREE AND SIX MONTHS ENDED JUNE 30, 2020 AND 2019 (Unaudited) Other
Additional | Accumulated
Common Stock | Paid in | Accumulated | Comprehensive
Shares | Amount | Capital | Deficit | Income | Total
Balance, December 31, 2019 | 59,268,085 | $ | 5,927 | $ | 39,335,498 | $ | ( 51,771,667 | ) | $ | - | ( 12,430,242 | )
Stock-based compensation | - | - | 25,599 | - | - | 25,599
Forgiveness of accrued officers’ salary | - | - | 150,002 | - | - | 150,002
Net loss | - | - | - | ( 2,807,285 | ) | - | ( 2,807,285 | )
Balance, March 31, 2020 | 59,268,085 | 5,927 | 39,511,099 | ( 54,578,952 | ) | - | ( 15,061,926 | )
Stock-based compensation | - | - | 1,881,080 | - | - | 1,881,080
Net loss | - | - | - | ( 3,220,541 | ) | - | ( 3,220,541 | )
Balance, June 30, 2020 | 59,268,085 | $ | 5,927 | $ | 41,392,179 | $ | ( 57,799,493 | ) | $ | - | $ | ( 16,401,387 | )
Balance, December 31, 2018 | 50,463,732 | $ | 5,046 | $ | 17,491,734 | $ | ( 32,381,535 | ) | $ | - | ( 14,884,755 | )
Stock-based compensation | - | - | 47,023 | - | - | 47,023
Foreign currency translation gain | - | - | - | - | 4,661 | 4,661
Net loss | - | - | - | ( 5,823,725 | ) | - | ( 5,823,725 | )
Balance, March 31, 2019 | 50,463,732 | 5,046 | 17,538,757 | ( 38,205,260 | ) | 4,661 | ( 20,656,796 | )
Stock-based compensation | - | - | 25,013 | - | - | 25,013
Foreign currency translation gain | - | - | - | - | 9,239 | 9,239
Net loss | - | - | - | ( 5,100,628 | ) | - | ( 5,100,628 | )
Balance, June 30, 2019 | 50,463,732 | $ | 5,046 | $ | 17,563,770 | $ | ( 43,305,888 | ) | $ | 13,900 | $ | ( 25,723,172 | ) F- 4 ONDAS
HOLDINGS INC. CONDENSED
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS (Unaudited) Six Months Ended
June 30,
2020 | 2019
CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES
Net loss | $ | ( 6,027,826 | ) | $ | ( 10,924,353 | )
Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash flows used in operating activities:
Depreciation | 49,473 | 67,682
Amortization of debt discount and deferred financing costs | 295,159 | 134,993
Amortization of intangible assets | 6,464 | 429
Non-cash lease expense | 134,768 | 110,161
Impairment of operating lease | - | 259,926
Impairment of deferred offering and financing costs | - | 270,632
Stock-based compensation | 1,906,679 | 72,035
Changes in operating assets and liabilities:
Restricted cash | 19,332 | -
Accounts receivable | ( 312,769 | ) | ( 9,070 | )
Inventory | ( 102,821 | ) | ( 59,224 | )
Other current assets | ( 145,608 | ) | ( 383,874 | )
Accounts payable | 1,041,105 | 603,891
Operating lease liability | ( 234,400 | ) | ( 152,510 | )
Accrued expenses and other current liabilities | 604,579 | 1,498,146
Net cash flows used in operating activities | ( 2,765,865 | ) | ( 8,511,136 | )
CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES
Patent costs | ( 24,499 | ) | ( 43,474 | )
Purchase of equipment | ( 6,898 | ) | ( 69,268 | )
Proceeds from sub-lease deposit | 19,332 | -
Security deposit | 2,775 | ( 8,475 | )
Purchase of licenses | - | ( 200,000 | )
Net cash flows used in investing activities | ( 9,290 | ) | ( 321,217 | )
CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES
Proceeds from secured promissory note | - | 8,350,000
Proceeds from paycheck protection program loan | 666,091 | -
Payment of deferred offering costs | - | ( 67,350 | )
Net cash flows provided by financing activities | 666,091 | 8,282,650
Decrease in cash and cash equivalents | ( 2,109,064 | ) | ( 549,703 | )
Effect of foreign currency translation of cash | - | 10,742
Cash and cash equivalent, beginning of period | 2,153,028 | 1,129,863
Cash and cash equivalents, end of period | $ | 43,964 | $ | 590,902
SUPPLEMENTAL DISCLOSURES OF CASH FLOW INFORMATION:
Cash paid for interest | $ | 4,928 | $ | 690,675
Cash paid for income taxes | $ | - | $ | -
SUPPLEMENTAL SCHEDULE OF NON-CASH FINANCING ACTIVITIES:
Forgiveness of accrued officers’ salary | $ | 150,002 | $ | -
Interest converted to debt | $ | - | $ | 196,570 F- 5 ONDAS
HOLDINGS INC. NOTES
TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS NOTE
1 – DESCRIPTION OF BUSINESS AND BASIS OF PRESENTATION The
Company Ondas
Holdings Inc. (“Ondas Holdings,” the “Company,” “we,” or “our”) was originally incorporated
in Nevada on December 22, 2014 under the name of Zev Ventures Incorporated. On September 28, 2018, we closed an acquisition, described
below, changed our name to Ondas Holdings Inc., and Ondas Networks Inc., a Delaware corporation (“Ondas Networks”),
became our sole focus and wholly owned subsidiary. The corporate headquarters for Ondas Holdings and operational headquarters
for Ondas Networks is located in Sunnyvale, California. We
have two wholly owned subsidiaries: (i) Ondas Networks, our operating company, originally incorporated in Delaware on February
16, 2006 under the name Full Spectrum Inc., subsequently changed to Ondas Networks Inc. on August 10, 2018, and (ii) FS Partners
(Cayman) Limited, a Cayman Islands limited liability company (“FS Partners”). We have one majority owned subsidiary,
Full Spectrum Holding Limited, a Cayman Islands limited liability company (“FS Holding”), which owned 100 % of Ondas
Network Limited, organized in Chengdu Province, China. FS Partners and Ondas Network Limited were both formed for the purpose
of operating in China. As of December 31, 2019, we revised our business strategy, discontinuing all operations in China. On June
2, 2020, Ondas Network Limited was deregistered by the authority of the Chengdu High-Tech Zone, Market Supervision Administration.
We are in the process of dissolving FS Partners and FS Holding and expect the process to be completed by the end of September
2020. Business
Activity Ondas
Networks’ wireless networking products are applicable to a wide range of mission critical operations that require secure communications
over large geographic areas. We provide wireless connectivity solutions enabling mission-critical Industrial Internet applications
and services. We refer to these applications as the Mission-Critical Internet of Things (MC-IoT). We
design, develop, manufacture, sell and support FullMAX, our multi-patented, state-of-the-art, point-to-multipoint, Software Defined
Radio (SDR) platform for secure, licensed, private, wide-area broadband networks. Our customers purchase FullMAX system solutions
to deploy wide-area intelligent networks (WANs) for smart grids, smart pipes, smart fields and other mission critical networks
that need internet protocol connectivity. We sell our products and services globally through a direct sales force and value-added
sales partners to critical infrastructure providers including electric and gas utilities, water and wastewater utilities, oil
and gas producers and pipeline operators, and for other critical infrastructure applications in areas such as homeland security
and defense, and transportation. In addition, in the second quarter of 2020, our FullMAX platform began to be deployed to provide
command and control connectivity solutions for drones and unmanned aerial systems (UAS). Our
business consists of a single segment of products and services all of which are sold and provided in the United States and certain
international markets. Siemens
Mobility, Inc. Agreements On
April 23, 2020, effective April 24, 2020, the Company and Siemens Mobility, Inc. (“Siemens”) (the “Parties”)
entered into a Joint Development Agreement (the “JDA”) and a Brand Label and Master Purchase Agreement (the “BLA”).
The JDA calls for the joint development of (i) a dual-mode 900 MHz over-the-air ATCS compatible, MC-IoT capable base station radio
and (ii) a dual-purpose 900 MHz, over-the-air ATCS compatible, MC-IoT capable wayside radio. The BLA calls for the purchase by
Siemens of certain products developed under the JDA to create a Siemens-branded portfolio of wireless radio communication systems
to the North American Rail Market. These agreements follow a Letter of Intent entered into by the Parties on November 19, 2019
wherein the Company would begin preliminary work to establish (i) project scope, (ii) project management plan, (ii) project schedule,
(iv) system requirements specifications, and (v) software containerization requirements specifications. The
Acquisition On
September 28, 2018, we entered into the Agreement and Plan of Merger and Reorganization (the “Merger Agreement”) with
Zev Merger Sub, Inc. and Ondas Networks to acquire Ondas Networks. The transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement were
consummated on September 28, 2018 (the “Closing”), and pursuant to the terms of the Merger Agreement, all outstanding
shares of common stock of Ondas Networks, $ 0.00001 par value per share, (the “Ondas Networks Shares”), were exchanged
for shares of our common stock, $ 0.0001 par value per share (the “Company Shares”). Accordingly, Ondas Networks became
our wholly owned subsidiary and its business became the business of the Company. F- 6 ONDAS
HOLDINGS INC. NOTES
TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS At
the Closing, each Ondas Networks Share outstanding immediately prior to the Closing was converted into 3.823 Company Shares (the
“Exchange Ratio”), with all fractional shares rounded down to the nearest whole share. Accordingly, we issued an aggregate
of 25,463,732 Company Shares for all of the then-outstanding Ondas Networks Shares. In
connection with the Closing, we amended and restated our articles of incorporation, effective September 28, 2018 to (i) change
our name to Ondas Holdings Inc. and (ii) increase our authorized capital to 360,000,000 shares, consisting of 350,000,000 shares
of common stock, par value $0.0001 per share, and 10,000,000 shares of “blank check” preferred stock, par value $0.0001
per share. In connection with the Acquisition, our trading symbol changed to “ONDS” effective at the opening of business
on October 5, 2018. Also
in connection with the Closing, (i) our sole director appointed additional individuals, who previously were members of the board
of directors of Ondas Networks and its chief executive officer, to serve on our Board, and our Board subsequently appointed executive
officers; (ii) the former holders of the Ondas Networks Shares executed lock-up agreements (the “Lock-Up Agreements”),
which provided for an initial 12-month lock-up period, commencing with the date of the Closing, with a subsequent 12-month limited
sale period; (iii) we entered into a Common Stock Repurchase Agreement with Energy Capital, LLC, a current stockholder of the
Company (“Energy Capital”), pursuant to which the entity sold an aggregate of 32.6 million Company Shares (the “Repurchase
Shares”) to us at $0.0001 per share, for an aggregate consideration of $3,260, which Repurchase Shares were canceled and
returned to our authorized but unissued shares; (iv) our Board approved, and our stockholders adopted, the 2018 Incentive Stock
Plan (the “2018 Plan”) pursuant to which 10 million Company Shares have been reserved for issuance to employees, including
officers, directors and consultants; and (v) we entered into a Loan and Security Agreement with Energy Capital, pursuant to which
Energy Capital agreed to lend us an aggregate principal amount of up to $10 million, subject to specified conditions. On
August 30, 2019, the Company entered into a First Amendment to Lock-Up Agreements (the “Amendment”) with stockholders
owning an aggregate of 24,428,681 of the Company Shares, representing 41 % of the Company’s then outstanding shares of common stock.
The Amendment revised the terms of the Lock-Up Agreements to extend the lock-up period to September 28, 2020 and eliminated the
12-month limited sale period. In
accordance with ASC 805-40, Reverse Acquisitions , the historical capital stock account of Ondas Networks immediately prior
to the Closing was carried forward and retroactively adjusted to reflect the par value of the outstanding stock of the Company,
including the number of shares issued in the Closing as we are the surviving legal entity. Additionally, retained earnings of
Ondas Networks has been carried forward after the Closing. All share and per share amounts in the condensed consolidated financial
statements and related notes have been retrospectively adjusted to reflect the Exchange Ratio in connection with the Acquisition. Liquidity
and Going Concern We
have incurred losses since inception and have funded our operations primarily through debt and the sale of capital stock. At June
30, 2020, we had a stockholders’ deficit of approximately $ 16,401,000 . At June 30, 2020, we had short- and long-term borrowings
outstanding of approximately $ 10,685,000 and $ 947,000 , respectively. As of June 30, 2020, we had cash of approximately $ 44,000 and a working capital deficit of approximately $ 16,295,000 . Our
future capital requirements will depend upon many factors, including progress with developing, manufacturing and marketing our
technologies, the time and costs involved in preparing, filing, prosecuting, maintaining and enforcing patent claims and other
proprietary rights, our ability to establish collaborative arrangements, marketing activities and competing technological and
market developments, including regulatory changes and overall economic conditions in our target markets. Our ability to generate
revenue and achieve profitability requires us to successfully market and secure purchase orders for our products from customers
currently identified in our sales pipeline as well as new customers. We also will be required to efficiently manufacturer and
deliver equipment on those purchase orders. These activities, including our planned research and development efforts, will require
significant uses of working capital through the end of 2020 and beyond. Based on our current operating plans, we believe that
our existing cash at the time of this filing and cash received under the Paycheck Protection Program (see NOTE 8 for further details)
will only be sufficient to meet our anticipated operating needs through September 8, 2020. F- 7 ONDAS
HOLDINGS INC. NOTES
TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Accounting
standards require management to evaluate the Company’s ability to continue as a going concern for a period of one year subsequent
to the date of the filing of the quarterly report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2020 (“evaluation period”).
As such, we have evaluated if cash on hand and cash generated through operating activities would be sufficient to sustain projected
operating activities through August 17, 2021. We anticipate that our current resources will be insufficient to meet our cash requirements
throughout the evaluation period, including funding anticipated losses and scheduled debt maturities. We expect to seek additional
funds from a combination of dilutive and/or nondilutive financings in the future. Because such transactions have not been finalized,
receipt of additional funding is not considered probable under current accounting standards. If we do not generate sufficient
cash flows from operations and obtain sufficient funds when needed, we expect that we would scale back our operating plan by deferring
or limiting some, or all, of our capital spending, and/or eliminating planned headcount additions, as well as other cost reductions
to be determined. Because such contingency plans have not been finalized (the specifics would depend on the situation at the time),
such actions are also not considered probable for purposes of current accounting standards. Because, under current accounting
standards, neither future cash generated from operating activities, nor management’s contingency plans to mitigate the risk and
extend cash resources through the evaluation period, are considered probable, substantial doubt is deemed to exist about the Company’s
ability to continue as a going concern. As we continue to incur losses, our transition to profitability is dependent upon achieving
a level of revenues adequate to support our cost structure. We may never achieve profitability, and unless and until doing so,
we intend to fund future operations through additional dilutive or non-dilutive financings. There can be no assurances; however,
that additional funding will be available on terms acceptable to us, if at all. The
financial information contained in these financial statements have been prepared on a basis that assumes that we will continue
as a going concern, which contemplates the realization of assets and the satisfaction of liabilities and commitments in the normal
course of business. This financial information and these financial statements do not include any adjustments that may result from
the outcome of this uncertainty. COVID-19 In
December 2019, a novel strain of coronavirus (“COVID-19”) was identified in Wuhan, China, and has subsequently spread
to other regions of the world, and has resulted in increased travel restrictions, business disruptions and emergency quarantine
measures across the world including the United States. The
Company’s business, financial condition and results of operations were impacted from the COVID-19 pandemic during the three months
ended June 30, 2020 as follows: ● | Sales and marketing efforts were disrupted as our business development team was unable to travel to visit customers and customers were unable to receive visitors for on-location meetings; ● | Field activity for testing and deploying our wireless systems was delayed due to the inability for our field service team to install and test equipment for our customers; ● | Supply chain disruptions led to component shortages and inefficiencies in and delays in producing and delivering equipment for certain purchase orders; and ● | Delays in fulfilling purchase orders reduced our cash flow from operations. The
Company expects its business, financial conditions and results of operations will be impacted from the COVID-19 pandemic for the
remainder of 2020. As of the filing of the quarterly report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2020, the Company is unable
to reasonably estimate the full extent of the impact from the COVID-19 pandemic on its future business, financial condition and
results of operations. The Company may also be unable to comply with the financial and other material covenants under its debt
agreements and may not be able to negotiate waivers or amendments to such debt agreements in order to maintain ongoing compliance.
In addition, if the Company experiences any additional unexpected delays in the resumption of its full operations, or incurs additional
unanticipated costs and expenses as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic, such operational delays and unanticipated costs and expenses
will have a further adverse impact on the Company’s business, financial condition and results of operations in 2020. On
March 27, 2020, in connection with the global health and economic crisis connected to the COVID-19 pandemic, the Compensation
Committee of the Board approved a voluntary 90 % reduction in the base salaries of both Eric A. Brock, the Company’s Chairman and
Chief Executive Officer, and Stewart Kantor, the Company’s Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer and Secretary. These reductions
were in effect from March 20, 2020 through May 19, 2020. We also announced that in connection with the COVID-19 pandemic, we reduced
our business activity to critical operations only, and furloughed 80 % of our workforce. Per orders issued by the Health Officer
of the County of Santa Clara, our corporate headquarters were closed, except for functions related to the support of remote workers
and product support related to the transportation sector. F- 8 ONDAS
HOLDINGS INC. NOTES
TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS On
March 27, 2020, the Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security Act (the “CARES Act”) was enacted. The CARES Act
is an approximately $2 trillion emergency economic stimulus package in response to the Coronavirus outbreak, which among other
things contains numerous income tax provisions. Some of these tax provisions are expected to be effective retroactively for years
ending before the date of enactment. The Company applied for and received funds under the Paycheck Protection Program in the approximate
amount of $ 660,000 on May 6, 2020. The application for these funds requires the Company to, in good faith, certify that the current
economic uncertainty made the loan request necessary to support operations of the Company. This certification further requires
the Company to consider its current business activity and ability to access other sources of liquidity sufficient to support ongoing
operations in a manner that is not significantly detrimental to the business. The receipt of these funds, and the forgiveness
of the loan related to these funds, is dependent on the Company having initially qualified for the loan and qualifying for the
forgiveness of such loan based on our future adherence to the forgiveness criteria. On
May 13, 2020, we reopened our corporate headquarters, 12 of our furloughed employees returned, and the remaining five employees
remain on furlough. NOTE
2 – SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES Basis
of Presentation In
the opinion of management, the accompanying unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements include all adjustments, consisting
of normal recurring adjustments, necessary for a fair presentation of the Company’s financial statements for interim periods in
accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States (“U.S. GAAP”). This information should
be read in conjunction with the audited consolidated financial statements and the accompanying notes included in the Company’s
Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2019 (“2019 Form 10-K”). The Company’s accounting policies
are described in the “ Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements ” in the 2019 Form 10-K and are updated, as necessary,
in these notes. The December 31, 2019 condensed consolidated balance sheet data presented for comparative purposes was derived
from the audited financial statements but does not include all disclosures required by U.S. GAAP. The results of operations for
the three and six months ended June 30, 2020 are not necessarily indicative of the operating results for the full year or for
any other subsequent interim period. Principles
of Consolidation The
consolidated financial statements include the accounts of the Company and our wholly owned subsidiaries, Ondas Networks and FS
Partners, and our majority owned subsidiary, FS Holding. All significant inter-company accounts and transactions between these
entities have been eliminated in these unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. Use
of Estimates The
process of preparing financial statements in conformity with U.S. GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that
affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements.
Such management estimates include those relating to revenue recognition, inventory write-downs to reflect net realizable value,
assumptions used in the valuation of stock-based awards and valuation allowances against deferred tax assets. Actual results could
differ from those estimates. Inventory Inventories,
which consist solely of equipment components, are stated at the lower of cost (first-in, first-out) or net realizable value, net
of reserves for obsolete inventory. We continually analyze our slow-moving and excess inventories. Based on historical and projected
sales volumes and anticipated selling prices, we established reserves. Inventory that is in excess of current and projected use
is reduced by an allowance to a level that approximates its estimate of future demand. Products that are determined to be obsolete
are written down to net realizable value. As of June 30, 2020 and December 31, 2019, we determined that no such reserves were
necessary. F- 9 ONDAS
HOLDINGS INC. NOTES
TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Inventory
consists of the following: June 30, 2020 | December 31, 2019
Raw Material | $ | 909,947 | $ | 372,101
Finished Goods | 47,075 | 55,415
TOTAL INVENTORY | $ | 957,022 | $ | 427,516 Fair
Value of Financial Instruments Our
financial instruments consist primarily of receivables, accounts payable, accrued expenses and short- and long-term debt. The
carrying amount of receivables, accounts payable and accrued expenses approximates our fair value because of the short-term maturity
of such instruments. We
have categorized our assets and liabilities that are valued at fair value on a recurring basis into a three-level fair value hierarchy
in accordance with U.S. GAAP. Fair value is defined as the exchange price that would be received for an asset or paid to transfer
a liability (an exit price) in the principal or most advantageous market for the asset or liability in an orderly transaction
between market participants on the measurement date. The fair value hierarchy gives the highest priority to quoted prices in active
markets for identical assets and liabilities (Level 1) and lowest priority to unobservable inputs (Level 3). Assets
and liabilities recorded in the balance sheets at fair value are categorized based on a hierarchy of inputs, as follows: Level 1 – | Unadjusted quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities.
Level 2 – | Quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities in active markets or inputs that are observable for the asset or liability, either directly or indirectly through market corroboration, for substantially the full term of the financial instrument.
Level 3 – | Unobservable inputs for the asset or liability. At
June 30, 2020 and December 31, 2019, we had no instruments requiring a fair value determination. Deferred
Offering Costs The
Company capitalizes certain legal, professional accounting and other third-party fees that are directly associated with in-process
equity financings as deferred offering costs until such financings are consummated. After consummation of equity financings, these
costs are recorded in stockholders’ deficit as a reduction of additional paid-in capital generated as a result of the offering.
Should the planned equity financings be abandoned, the deferred offering costs are expensed immediately as a charge to operating
expenses in the consolidated statement of operations. For the three months ended June 30, 2020 and 2019, the Company expensed
financing costs of $ 0 and $ 120,632 , respectively. For the six months ended June 30, 2020 and 2019, the Company expensed financing
costs of $ 0 and $ 270,632 , respectively. Revenue
from Contracts with Customers On
January 1, 2018, we adopted ASC 606 , Revenue from Contracts with Customers (“ASC 606”), using the modified retrospective
method with respect to all non-completed contracts. Revenues and contract assets and liabilities for contracts completed prior
to January 1, 2018 are presented in accordance with ASC 605, Revenue Recognition . ASC 606 outlines a single comprehensive
model for entities to use in accounting for revenue arising from contracts with customers and supersedes nearly all existing revenue
recognition guidance, including industry-specific guidance. The new guidance is based on the principle that an entity should recognize
revenue to depict the transfer of products or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which the
entity expects to be entitled in exchange for those products or services. The new guidance also requires additional disclosure
about the nature, amount, timing and uncertainty of revenue and cash flows arising from customer contracts, including significant
judgment and changes in judgments and assets recognized from costs incurred to fulfill a contract. The adoption of ASC 606 did
not have a material effect on our financial position, results of operations, or internal controls over financial reporting. F- 10 ONDAS
HOLDINGS INC. NOTES
TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Under
ASC 606, the Company recognizes revenue when the customer obtains control of promised products or services, in an amount that
reflects the consideration which is expected to be received in exchange for those products or services. The Company recognizes
revenue following the five-step model prescribed under ASC 606: (i) identify contract(s) with a customer; (ii) identify the performance
obligation(s) in the contract; (iii) determine the transaction price; (iv) allocate the transaction price to the performance obligation(s)
in the contract; and (v) recognize revenue when (or as) the Company satisfies a performance obligation. The Company only applies
the five-step model to contracts when it is probable that the entity will collect the consideration it is entitled to in exchange
for the products or services it transfers to the customer. At
contract inception, once the contract is determined to be within the scope of ASC 606, the Company assesses the products or services
promised within each contract and determines those that are performance obligations and assesses whether each promised product
or service is distinct. The Company then recognizes as revenue the amount of the transaction price that is allocated to the respective
performance obligation when (or as) the performance obligation is satisfied. To the extent the transaction price includes variable
consideration, we estimate the amount of variable consideration that should be included in the transaction price utilizing the
expected value method. Variable consideration is included in the transaction price if, in our judgment, it is probable that a
significant future reversal of cumulative revenue under the contract will not occur. Estimates of variable consideration and determination
of whether to include estimated amounts in the transaction price are based largely on an assessment of our anticipated performance
and all information (historical, current and forecasted) that is reasonably available. Sales and other taxes collected on behalf
of third parties are excluded from revenue. For the six months ended June 30, 2020 and 2019, none of our contracts with customers
included variable consideration. Contracts
that are modified to account for changes in contract specifications and requirements are assessed to determine if the modification
either creates new or changes the existing enforceable rights and obligations. Generally, contract modifications are for products
or services that are not distinct from the existing contract due to the inability to use, consume or sell the products or services
on their own to generate economic benefits and are accounted for as if they were part of that existing contract. The effect of
a contract modification on the transaction price and measure of progress for the performance obligation to which it relates, is
recognized as an adjustment to revenue (either as an increase in or a reduction of revenue) on a cumulative catch-up basis. For
the six months ended June 30, 2020 and 2019, there were no modifications to contract specifications. The
Company is engaged in the development, marketing and sale of wireless radio systems for secure, wide area mission-critical, business-to-business
networks. We generate revenue primarily from the sale of our FullMAX System and the delivery of related services, along with non-recurring
engineering (“NRE”) development projects with certain customers. Product
revenue is comprised of sales of the Company’s software defined base station and remote radios, its network management and monitoring
system, and accessories. The Company’s software and hardware is sold with a limited one-year basic warranty included in the price.
The limited one-year basic warranty is an assurance-type warranty, is not a separate performance obligation, and thus no transaction
price is allocated to it. The nature of tasks under the limited one-year basic warranty only provide for remedying defective product(s)
covered by the warranty. Product revenue is generally recognized when the customer obtains control of our product, which occurs
at a point in time, and may be upon shipment or upon delivery based on the contractual shipping terms of a contract, or upon installation
when the combined performance obligation is not distinct within the context of the contract. Service
revenue is comprised of separately priced extended warranty sales, network support and maintenance, remote monitoring, as well
as ancillary services directly related to the sale of the Company’s wireless communications products including wireless network
design, systems engineering, radio frequency planning, software configuration, product training, installation, and onsite support.
The extended warranty we sell provides a level of assurance beyond the coverage for defects that existed at the time of a sale
or against certain types of covered damage. The extended warranty includes 1) factory hardware repair or replacement of the base
station and remote radios, at our election, 2) software upgrades, bug fixes and new features of the radio software and NMS, 3)
deployment and network architecture support, and 4) technical support by phone and email. Extended warranty, network support and
maintenance, and remote monitoring revenues are recognized ratably over the term of the service contract. Ancillary service revenues
are recognized at the point in time when those services have been provided to the customer and the performance obligation has
been satisfied. With respect to extended warranty sales and remote monitoring, the Company applies the input method using straight-line
recognition. F- 11 ONDAS
HOLDINGS INC. NOTES
TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Development
revenue is comprised primarily of non-recurring engineering service contracts to develop software and hardware applications for
various customers. A significant portion of this revenue is generated through one contract with a customer whereby the Company
will develop such applications to interoperate within the customers infrastructure. For this contract, the Company and the customer
work cooperatively, whereby the customer’s involvement is to provide technical specifications for the product design, as well
as, to review and approve the project progress at various markers based on predetermined milestones. The products developed are
not able to be sold to any other customer and are based in part upon existing Company and customer technology. This development
contract is in effect until March 31, 2021, at which time the Company will grant the customer an irrevocable, perpetual, royalty-free,
and exclusive right to market, offer for sale, sell, and resell the developed product without restriction. Development revenue
is recognized as services are provided over the life of the contract as the Company has an enforceable right to payment for services
completed to date and there is no alternative use of the product. If
the customer contract contains a single performance obligation, the entire transaction price is allocated to the single performance
obligation. We enter into certain contracts within our service revenues that have multiple performance obligations, one or more
of which may be delivered subsequent to the delivery of other performance obligations. We allocate the transaction price based
on the estimated relative standalone selling prices of the promised products or services underlying each performance obligation.
We determine standalone selling prices based on the price at which the performance obligation is sold separately. If the standalone
selling price is not observable through past transactions, we estimate the standalone selling price considering available information
such as market conditions and internally approved pricing guidelines related to the performance obligations. Revenue is then allocated
to the performance obligations using the relative selling prices of each of the performance obligations in the contract. Our
payment terms vary and range from Net 15 to Net 30 days from the date of the invoices for product and services related revenue.
Our payment terms for the majority of our development related revenue carry milestone related payment obligations which span the
contract life of fifteen months. For milestone-based contracts, the customer reviews the work completed as of the most recent
milestone date and once approved, makes payment on the upcoming milestone in advance of work being performed. Disaggregation
of Revenue The
following tables present our disaggregated revenues by Type of Revenue and Timing of Revenue: Three Months Ended June 30, | Six Months Ended June 30,
2020 | 2019 | 2020 | 2019
Type of Revenue
Product revenue | $ | 811,238 | $ | 138,760 | $ | 826,510 | $ | 151,723
Service revenue | 6,326 | 54,178 | 9,090 | 73,509
Development revenue | 332,709 | - | 514,871 | -
Other revenue | 5,101 | 219 | 5,101 | 219
Total revenue | $ | 1,155,374 | $ | 193,157 | $ | 1,355,572 | $ | 225,451 Three Months Ended June 30, | Six Months Ended June 30,
2020 | 2019 | 2020 | 2019
Timing of Revenue
Revenue recognized point in time | $ | 822,105 | $ | 183,860 | $ | 838,881 | $ | 202,167
Revenue recognized over time | 333,269 | 9,297 | 516,691 | 23,284
Total revenue | $ | 1,155,374 | $ | 193,157 | $ | 1,355,572 | $ | 225,451 F- 12 ONDAS
HOLDINGS INC. NOTES
TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Contract
Assets and Liabilities We
recognize a receivable or contract asset when we perform a service or transfer a good in advance of receiving consideration. A
receivable is recorded when our right to consideration is unconditional and only the passage of time is required before payment
of that consideration is due. A contract asset is recorded when our right to consideration in exchange for goods or services that
we have transferred or provided to a customer is conditional on something other than the passage of time. We did not have any
contract assets recorded at June 30, 2020 or December 31, 2019. We
recognize a contract liability when we receive consideration, or if we have the unconditional right to receive consideration,
in advance of satisfying the performance obligation. A contract liability is our obligation to transfer goods or services to a
customer for which we have received consideration, or an amount of consideration is due from the customer. The table below details
the activity in our contract liabilities during the six months ended June 30, 2020, and the year ended December 31, 2019, which
is included in accrued expenses and other current liabilities in the Company’s unaudited condensed consolidated balance sheet. Six Months Ended June 30, 2020 | Year Ended December 31, 2019
Balance at beginning of period | $ | 378,850 | $ | 20,631
Additions | 582,266 | 397,269
Transfer to revenue | ( 717,856 | ) | ( 39,050 | )
Balance at end of period | $ | 243,260 | $ | 378,850 F- 13 ONDAS
HOLDINGS INC. NOTES
TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Warranty
Reserve For
our software and hardware products, we provide a limited one-year assurance-type warranty and for our development service, we
provide no warranties. The assurance-type warranty covers defects in material and wordsmanship only. If a warranted software or
hardware component is determined to be defective after being tested by the Company, the Company will repair, replace or refund
the price of the covered hardware and/or software to the customer (not including any shipping, handling, delivery or installation
charges). We estimate, based upon a review of historical warranty claim experience, the costs that may be incurred under our warranties
and record a liability in the amount of such estimate at the time a product is sold. Factors that affect our warranty liability
include the number of units sold, historical and anticipated rates of warranty claims, and cost per claim. We periodically assess
the adequacy of our recorded warranty liability and adjust the accrual as claims data and historical experience warrants. The
Company has assessed the costs of fulfilling its existing assurance-type warranties and has determined that the estimated outstanding
warranty obligation at June 30, 2020 and December 31, 2019 are immaterial to the Company’s financial statements. Leases Under
Topic 842, operating lease expense is generally recognized evenly over the term of the lease. During the six months ended June
30, 2020, the Company had operating leases primarily consisting of two office space leases in Sunnyvale, California (the “North
Pastoria Lease” and the “Gibraltar Lease”) (collectively, the “Sunnyvale Leases”). During the six months
ended June 30, 2019, the Company had the Sunnyvale Leases and a property lease in Chengdu, Sichuan Province, People’s Republic
of China (the “Chengdu Lease”). In December 2019, in conjunction with the closure of Ondas Networks Limited, the Chengdu
Lease was terminated. As of June 30, 2020, the remaining terms for the Sunnyvale Leases range from six months on the North Pastoria
Lease and eight months on the Gibraltar Lease. In
March 2019, the North Pastoria Lease was abandoned and the likelihood of entering into a sublease agreement for the property was
minimal; therefore, the Right to Use Asset value of $ 259,926 was considered impaired and the amount was charged to asset impairment
on the accompanying unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. On
January 24, 2020, the Company and a third party (the “Sublessee”) entered a Sublease agreement (the “Sublease”)
on the North Pastoria Lease, wherein the Sublessee will occupy the premises through December 31, 2020. The Sublessee will make
rent payments of approximately $ 9,666 and management fee payments of approximately $ 457 per month beginning February 1, 2020,
and a one-time security deposit equal to two months rent, or $ 19,332 . Sublease rental income for the three and six months ended
June 30, 2020 was $ 31,281 and $ 50,613 , respectively. We
determine if an arrangement is a lease, or contains a lease, at the inception of the arrangement. If we determine the arrangement
is a lease, or contains a lease, at lease inception, we then determine whether the lease is an operating lease or financial lease.
Operating and finance leases result in recording a right-of-us (“ROU”) asset and lease liability on our consolidated
balance sheets. ROU assets represent our right to use an underlying asset for the lease term and lease liabilities represent our
obligation to make lease payments arising from the lease. Operating lease ROU assets and liabilities are recognized at the commencement
date based on the present value of lease payments over the lease term. For purposes of calculating operating lease ROU assets
and operating lease liabilities, we use the non-cancellable lease term plus options to extend that we are reasonably certain to
take. Lease expense for operating lease payments is recognized on a straight-line basis over the lease term. Our leases generally
do not provide an implicit rate. As such, we use our incremental borrowing rate based on the information available at commencement
date in determining the present value of lease payments. This rate is generally consistent with the interest rate we pay on borrowings
under our credit facilities, as this rate approximates our collateralized borrowing capabilities over a similar term of the lease
payments. We utilized the consolidated group incremental borrowing rate for all leases, as we have centralized treasury operations.
We have elected not to recognize ROU assets and lease liabilities that arise from short-term (12 months or less) leases for any
class of underlying assets. We have elected not to separate lease and non-lease components for any class of underlying asset. F- 14 ONDAS
HOLDINGS INC. NOTES
TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Lease
Costs Three Months Ended June 30, | Six Months Ended June 30,
2020 | 2019 | 2020 | 2019
Components of total lease costs:
Operating lease expense | $ | 82,700 | $ | 148,141 | $ | 165,955 | $ | 296,226
Short-term lease costs (1) | 1,300 | 14,963 | 5,550 | 27,680
Sublease rental income | ( 31,281 | ) | - | ( 50,613 | ) | -
Total lease costs | $ | 52,719 | $ | 163,104 | $ | 120,892 | $ | 323,906 (1) | Represents short-term leases which are immaterial. Lease
Positions as of June 30, 2020 and December 31, 2019 ROU
lease assets and lease liabilities for our operating leases were recorded in the unaudited condensed consolidated balance sheet
as follows: As of June 30, 2020 | As of December 31, 2019
Assets:
Operating lease assets | $ | 196,651 | $ | 331,419
Total lease assets | $ | 196,651 | $ | 331,419
Liabilities:
Operating lease liabilities, current | $ | 307,456 | $ | 489,407
Operating lease liabilities, net of current | - | 52,449
Total lease liabilities | $ | 307,456 | $ | 541,856 Other
Information Six Months Ended June 30,
2020 | 2019
Operating cash flows for operating leases | $ | 265,583 | $ | 240,417
Weighted average remaining lease term (in years) – operating lease | 0.6 | 2.5
Weighted average discount rate – operating lease | 14 | % | 14 | % Undiscounted
Cash Flows Future
lease payments included in the measurement of lease liabilities on the unaudited condensed consolidated balance sheet as of June
30, 2020, for the following five years and thereafter are as follows: Years ending December 31,
2020 (6 months) | $ | 265,583
2021 | 57,153
Total future minimum lease payments | 322,736
Lease imputed interest | ( 15,280 | )
Total | $ | 307,456 F- 15 ONDAS
HOLDINGS INC. NOTES
TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Net
Loss Per Common Share Basic
net loss per share is computed by dividing net loss by the weighted average shares of common stock outstanding for each period.
Diluted net loss per share is the same as basic net loss per share since the Company has net losses for each period presented. The
following potentially dilutive securities for the six months ended June 30, 2020 and 2019 have been excluded from the computation
of diluted net loss per share because the effect of their inclusion would have been anti-dilutive. Six months ended June 30,
2020 | 2019
Warrants to purchase common stock | 5,639,167 | -
Options to purchase common stock | 1,499,000 | -
Restricted stock purchase offers | 3,378,478 | -
Convertible debt | - | 140,678
Total potentially dilutive securities | 10,516,645 | 140,678 Concentration
of Customers Because
we have only recently invested in our customer service and support organization, a small number of customers have accounted for
a substantial amount of our revenue. The
table below sets forth the Company’s customers that accounted for greater than 10 % of its revenues for the three- and six-month
periods ended June 30, 2020 and 2019, respectively: Three Months Ended June 30, | Six Months Ended June 30,
Customer | 2020 | 2019 | 2020 | 2019
A | 70 | % | -% | 60 | % | -%
B | 29 | % | -% | 38 | % | -%
C | -% | 66 | % | -% | 59 | %
D | -% | 20 | % | -% | 18 | %
E | -% | 13 | % | -% | 23 | % Customer
A and Customer B accounted for 80 % and 20 %, respectively, of the Company’s accounts receivable balance at June 30, 2020. Recent
Accounting Pronouncements There
have been no material changes to our significant accounting policies as summarized in NOTE 2 of our 2019 Form 10-K. We do not
expect that the adoption of any recent accounting pronouncements will have a material impact on our accompanying unaudited condensed
consolidated financial statements. Reclassification Certain
amounts reported in the prior year financial statements have been reclassified to conform to the current year presentation. F- 16 ONDAS
HOLDINGS INC. NOTES
TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS NOTE
3 – OTHER CURRENT ASSETS Other
current assets consist of the following: June 30, 2020 | December 31, 2019
Prepaid insurance | $ | 229,309 | $ | 85,201
Deposits | 28,115 | 28,115
Other prepaid expenses | 24,018 | 105,013
Advances for raw material purchases | 24,006 | 450,691
Prepaid marketing costs | 167 | 31,579
Total other current assets | $ | 305,615 | $ | 700,599 NOTE
4 – PROPERTY AND EQUIPMENT Property
and equipment consist of the following: June 30, 2020 | December 31, 2019
Leasehold improvements | $ | 58,613 | $ | 58,613
Vehicle | 149,916 | 149,916
Furniture and fixtures | 94,053 | 93,464
Test Equipment | 25,395 | 20,493
Computer Equipment | 110,916 | 109,509
Software | 67,287 | 67,287
506,180 | 499,282
Less: accumulated depreciation | ( 296,509 | ) | ( 247,036 | )
Total property and equipment | $ | 209,671 | $ | 252,246 Depreciation
expense for the three months ended June 30, 2020 and 2019 was $ 24,825 and $ 34,982 , respectively. Depreciation expense for the
six months ended June 30, 2020 and 2019 was $ 49,473 and $ 67,682 , respectively. NOTE
5 – INTANGIBLE ASSETS At
June 30, 2020, our intangible assets included patent costs and license costs totaling $ 152,092 and $ 275,243 , respectively, less
accumulated amortization of patent costs and license costs of $ 2,529 and $ 5,184 , respectively. At December 31, 2019, our intangible
assets include patent costs totaling $ 127,593 less accumulated amortization of patent costs of $ 1,249 . Estimated
amortization expense for the next five years for the patent and license costs currently being amortized is as follows: Year Ending December 31, | Estimated Amortization
2020 (6 months) | $ | 7,782
2021 | $ | 15,564
2022 | $ | 15,564
2023 | $ | 15,564
2024 | $ | 15,564 F- 17 ONDAS
HOLDINGS INC. NOTES
TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS NOTE
6 – ACCRUED EXPENSES AND OTHER CURRENT LIABILITIES Accrued
expenses and other current liabilities consist of the following: June 30, 2020 | December 31, 2019
Accrued payroll and other benefits | $ | 1,995,168 | $ | 2,094,536
Accrued interest | 1,036,320 | 437,569
Deferred revenue and customer deposits | 243,259 | 378,850
D&O insurance financing payable | 163,200 | 33,660
Other accrued expenses | 81,412 | 67,848
Accrued professional fees | 44,910 | 104,602
Sublease deposit | 19,332 | -
Accrued rent and facilities costs | 14,695 | 24,584
Total accrued expenses and other current liabilities | $ | 3,598,296 | $ | 3,141,649 NOTE
7 – SECURED PROMISSORY NOTES Steward
Capital Holdings LP On
March 9, 2018, we entered into a loan and security agreement (the “Agreement”) with Steward Capital Holdings LP (the
“Steward Capital”) wherein Steward Capital made available to us a loan in the aggregate principal amount of up to $ 10,000,000 (the “Loan”). On March 9, 2018, the Company and Steward Capital, pursuant to the Agreement, entered into a Secured Term
Promissory Note for $ 5,000,000 , having a maturity date of September 9, 2019 (“Tranche A”). The Note bears interest at
a per annum rate equal to the greater of (a) 11.25 % or (b) 11.25% plus the Prime Rate, less 3.25%. The Agreement also includes
payments of $ 25,000 in loan commitment fees and $ 100,000 (1%) of the funding in loan facility charges. The loan commitment fees
and $ 50,000 in loan facility charges associated with Tranche A were recorded as debt discount and amortized over the life of the
Loan. There is also an end of term charge of $ 250,000 . The end of term charge is being recorded as accreted costs over the term
of the Loan. The Note is secured by substantially all of the assets of the Company. On
October 9, 2018, the Company and Steward Capital, pursuant to the Agreement, entered into a second Secured Term Promissory Note
for $ 5,000,000 having a maturity date of April 9, 2020 (the “Second Note”) to complete the Agreement for $ 10,000,000 .
The Second Note bears interest at a per annum rate equal to the greater of (a) 11.25 % or (b) 11.25% plus the Prime Rate, less
3.25%. Pursuant to the terms of the Agreement, the Company is required to pay a $50,000 loan facility charge. On
June 18, 2019, the Company and Steward Capital entered into a letter of agreement to amend the Agreement (the “First Amendment”)
to (i) extend and amend the Maturity Date, as defined in Section 1.1 of the Agreement, to read in its entirety “means September
9, 2020”; (ii) waive the repayment requirement to Steward Capital under Section 2.3 of the Agreement, in connection with
the then proposed public offering of the Company as described in the Company’s Registration Statement on Form S-1, as amended,
originally filed on April 12, 2019, and (iii) waive the restriction by Steward Capital on the prepayment of Indebtedness under
Section 7.4 of the Agreement. In connection with the waivers, extension and amendment, the Company agreed to pay to Steward Capital,
upon the earlier of (a) the completion of the public offering as set forth in Section 2.3 of the Agreement and (b) ten (10) days
following the Company’s receipt of Steward’s written demand therefor, a fee equal to three percent (3%) of the current outstanding
principal balance of the Loan (as defined in the Agreement), neither of which have occurred at the time of this filing. The Company
concluded that the modifications created by the First Amendment resulted in a troubled debt restructuring under Accounting Standard
Codification—Debt (Topic 470) as it was determined that a concession was granted by Steward Capital. However, as the future
payments to be made subsequent to the modification are greater than the carrying value at the time of the modification, no gain
or loss was required to be recognized on the troubled debt restructuring. As the difference between the effective interest rate
method and the straight-line method is deemed immaterial, the Company will continue to amortize the deferred loan costs using
the straight-line method over the remaining term of the Loan. F- 18 ONDAS
HOLDINGS INC. NOTES
TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS On
October 28, 2019, the Company and Steward Capital entered into a letter of agreement to amend the Agreement, as amended (the “Second
Amendment”) wherein the parties agreed to (i) extend and amend the due date for all accrued and unpaid interest starting
September 2, 2019 to the Maturity Date (September 9, 2020) and (ii) extend and amend the due date for the 3% fee payable to Steward
Capital in connection with the First Amendment and waiver dated June 2019 to be payable on the Maturity Date. In connection with
the extensions and amendments, the Company issued Steward Capital 120,000 shares of the Company’s common stock valued at $ 300,000 on December 15, 2019. The value was recorded as debt discount and amortized over the life of the Loan. The Company concluded that
the modifications created by the Second Amendment resulted in a troubled debt restructuring under Accounting Standard Codification—Debt
(Topic 470) as it was determined that a concession was granted by Steward Capital. However, as the future payments to be made
subsequent to the modification are greater than the carrying value at the time of the modification, no gain or loss was required
to be recognized on the troubled debt restructuring. As the difference between the effective interest rate method and the straight-line
method is deemed immaterial, the Company will continue to amortize the deferred loan costs using the straight-line method over
the remaining term of the Loan. The
Agreement also contains covenants which included certain restrictions with respect to subsequent indebtedness, liens, loans and
investments, asset sales and share repurchases and other restricted payments, subject to certain exceptions. The Agreement also
contained financial reporting obligations. An event of default under the Agreement includes, but is not limited to, breach of
covenants, insolvency, and occurrence of any default under any agreement or obligation of the Company. In addition, the Agreement
contained a customary material adverse effect clause which states that in the event of a material adverse effect, an event of
default would occur, and the lender has the option to accelerate and demand payment of all or any part of the loan. A material
adverse effect is defined in the Agreement as a material change in our business, operations, properties, assets or financial condition
or a material impairment of its ability to perform all obligations under its Agreement. As
of June 30, 2020, the principal balance was $ 10,000,000 , net of debt discount of $ 70,981 and accreted cost of $ 496,631 . As of
December 31, 2019, the principal balance was $ 10,000,000 , net of debt discount of $ 252,933 and accreted cost of $ 359,828 . As of
June 30, 2020 and December 31, 2019, accrued interest was $ 1,036,320 and $ 437,569 , respectively, and included accrued expenses
and other current liabilities in the balance sheet in the accompanying unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements.
Interest expense for the three and six months ended June 30, 2020 was $ 284,375 and $ 598,750 , respectively. Interest expense for
the three and six months ended June 30, 2019 was $ 338,333 and $ 679,583 , respectively. NOTE
8 – LONG-TERM NOTES PAYABLE Promissory
Notes On
February 15 and June 7, 2016, the Company entered into two 10%, 18-month promissory notes for $100,000 each with an individual
(the “Promissory Notes”). Pursuant to several amendments to the Promissory Notes through July 2019, (i) the Promissory
Notes were extended to September 30, 2021 (the “Maturity Date”), (ii) accrued and unpaid interest on the Promissory
Notes totaling $39,921 was transferred to principal, and (iii) interest will be accrued from August 2019 through the Maturity
Date. The principal balance of the Promissory Notes at June 30, 2020 and December 31, 2019 was $ 239,921 . Accrued interest at June
30, 2020 and December 31, 2019 was $ 21,993 and $9,997, respectively. Interest expense for the three and six months ended June
30, 2020 was $ 5,998 and $ 11,996 , respectively. Interest expense for the three and six months ended June 30, 2019 was $ 5,803 and
$ 11,465 , respectively. Convertible
Promissory Notes On
September 14, 2017, the Company and an individual entered into a convertible promissory note with unilateral conversion preferences
by the individual (the “Convertible Promissory Note”). On July 11, 2018, the Company’s Board approved certain changes
to the Convertible Promissory Note wherein the conversion feature was changed from unilateral to mutual between the individual
and the Company. At
both June 30, 2020 and December 31, 2019, the total outstanding balance of the convertible promissory note (the “Note”)
was $ 300,000 . The maturity date of the Note is based on the payment of 0.6% of quarterly gross revenue until 1.5 times the amount
of the Note is paid. Accrued interest at June 30, 2020 and December 31, 2019 was $ 36,508 and $ 31,243 , respectively. Interest expense
for the three and six months ended both June 30, 2020 and 2019 was $ 11,250 and $22,500, respectively. F- 19 ONDAS
HOLDINGS INC. NOTES
TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS On
September 27, 2019, the holder of the Note was granted a warrant to purchase 140,678 shares of common stock of the Company. The
fair value of this warrant was recorded as financing costs in the accompanying unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements.
See NOTE 9 for further details. Paycheck
Protection Program Loan On
May 4, 2020, the Company applied for a loan pursuant to the Paycheck Protection Program under the Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and
Economic Security Act (the “CARES Act”), as administered by the U.S. Small Business Administration (the “SBA”).
The loan, in the principal amount of approximately $ 666,000 (the “PPP Loan”), was disbursed by Wells Fargo Bank, National
Association (“Lender”) on May 6, 2020, pursuant to a Paycheck Protection Program Promissory Note and Agreement (the
“Note and Agreement”). The
PPP Loan matures on the two-year anniversary of the funding date and bears interest at a fixed rate of 1.00 % per annum. Monthly
principal and interest payments, less the amount of any potential forgiveness (discussed below), will commence after the six-month
anniversary of the funding date. The Company did not provide any collateral or guarantees for the PPP Loan, nor did the Company
pay any facility charge to obtain the PPP Loan. The Note and Agreement provides for customary events of default, including those
relating to failure to make payment, bankruptcy, breaches of representations and material adverse effects. The Company may prepay
the principal of the PPP Loan at any time without incurring any prepayment charges. All
or a portion of the PPP Loan may be forgiven by the SBA upon application to the Lender by the Company within 10 months after the
last day of the covered period. The Lender will have 90 days to review borrower’s forgiveness application and the SBA will have
an additional 60 days to review the Lender’s decision as to whether the borrower’s loan may be forgiven. Under the CARES Act,
loan forgiveness is available for the sum of documented payroll costs, covered rent payments, and covered utilities, and certain
covered mortgage interest payments during the twenty-four-week period beginning on the date of the first disbursement of the PPP
Loan. For purposes of the CARES Act, payroll costs exclude compensation of an individual employee earning more than $100,000,
prorated annually. Not more than 40% of the forgiven amount may be for non-payroll costs. Forgiveness is reduced if full-time
headcount declines, or if salaries and wages for employees with salaries of $100,000 or less annually are reduced by more than
25%. Although the Company currently believes that its use of the PPP Loan will meet the conditions for forgiveness of the PPP
Loan, the Company cannot assure that the PPP Loan will be forgiven, in whole or in part. NOTE
9 – STOCKHOLDERS’ EQUITY Preferred
Stock At
June 30, 2020, the Company had 10,000,000 shares of preferred stock, par value $ 0.0001 , authorized for issuance, of which no shares
of preferred stock were issued or outstanding. Common
Stock At
June 30, 2020, the Company had 350,000,000 shares of common stock, par value $ 0.0001 (the “Common Stock”) authorized
for issuance, of which 59,268,085 shares of our Common Stock were issued and outstanding. Warrants
to Purchase Common Stock We
use the Black-Scholes-Merton option pricing model (“Black-Scholes Model”) to determine the fair value of warrants to
purchase Common Stock of the Company (“Warrants”). The Black-Scholes Model is an acceptable model in accordance with
the GAAP. The Black-Scholes Model requires the use of a number of assumptions including volatility of the stock price, the weighted
average risk-free interest rate, and the weighted average term of the Warrant. The
risk-free interest rate assumption is based upon observed interest rates on zero coupon U.S. Treasury bonds whose maturity period
is appropriate for the term of the Warrants. Estimated volatility is a measure of the amount by which our stock price is expected
to fluctuate each year during the expected life of the award. Our estimated volatility is an average of the historical volatility
of peer entities whose stock prices were publicly available over a period equal to the expected life of the awards. We used the
historical volatility of peer entities due to the lack of sufficient historical data of our stock price. F- 20 ONDAS
HOLDINGS INC. NOTES
TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS On
May 6, 2020, the Company’s Board issued (i) Warrants to purchase an aggregate of 143,750 shares of Common Stock with an exercise
price of $ 2.50 per share, and (ii) Warrants to purchase an aggregate of 29,375 shares of Common Stock with an exercise price of
$ 2.13 per share. On
May 6, 2020, the Company also issued Warrants to purchase an aggregate of 694,625 shares of Common Stock with an exercise price
of $ 2.50 to certain former employees in exchange for 694,625 stock options to purchase Common Stock of the Company. The Company
did not recognize any incremental compensation as a result of the exchange. All
of the above Warrants were issued to certain individuals for prior service to the Company. The Warrants are fully vested and have
a term of five years . The Warrants were, and the shares of Common Stock underlying the Warrants will be, issued in reliance on
the exemption from registration provided by Section 4(a)(2) under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, as a sale not involving
any public offering. The assumptions used in the Black-Scholes Model are set forth in the table below. Stock price | $ | 2.00
Risk-free interest rate | 0.24 | %
Volatility | 45.17 | %
Expected life in years | 3
Dividend yield | 0.00 | % For
both the three and six months ended June 30, 2020, $ 83,654 was recorded in stock-based compensation in the accompanying unaudited
condensed consolidated financial statements. No Warrants were issued during the six months ended June 30, 2019. As of June 30,
2020, we had Warrants outstanding to purchase an aggregate of 5,639,167 shares of Common Stock with a weighted-average contractual
remaining life of approximately 2.7 years, and exercise prices ranging from $ 0.01 to $ 3.25 per share, resulting in a weighted
average exercise price of $ 3.05 per share. At June 30, 2020, no Warrants had been exercised. Equity
Incentive Plan In
connection with the Closing, our Board approved, and our stockholders adopted, the 2018 Equity Incentive Plan (the “2018
Plan”) pursuant to which 10,000,000 shares of our Common Stock has been reserved for issuance to employees, including officers,
directors and consultants. The 2018 Plan shall be administered by the Board, provided however, that the Board may delegate such
administration to the compensation committee of the Board (the “Compensation Committee”). Subject to the provisions
of the 2018 Plan, the Board and/or the Compensation Committee shall have authority to grant, in its discretion, incentive stock
options, or non-statutory options, stock awards or restricted stock purchase offers (“Equity Awards”). Stock
Options to Purchase Common Stock In
January 2020, pursuant to the terms of a Severance Agreement, a stock option to purchase 19,625 shares of the Company’s Common
Stock (the “Option”) (valued at $ 15,479 ), was granted to a former employee pursuant to the 2018 Plan. On May 6, 2020,
the Option was, by mutual consent, changed to a Warrant, which Warrant is included in the discussion of Warrants above. On
May 6, 2020, the Compensation Committee of the Board granted Options to purchase an aggregate of 1,499,000 shares of the Company’s
Common Stock with an exercise price of $ 2.13 per share. These Options, granted pursuant to the Company’s 2018 Plan, were granted
to employees and consultants of the Company in connection with their service to the Company. The assumptions used in the Black-Scholes
Model are set forth in the table below. Stock price | $ | 2.00
Risk-free interest rate | 0.37 | %
Volatility | 42.03 - 42.19 | %
Expected life in years | 5.5 - 5.8
Dividend yield | 0.00 | % F- 21 ONDAS
HOLDINGS INC. NOTES
TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS For
the three and six months ended June 30, 2020, $ 737,306 and $ 752,785 , respectively, was recorded in stock-based compensation in
the accompanying unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. No Options were issued during the six months ended June
30, 2019. As of June 30, 2020, we had outstanding Options to purchase an aggregate of 1,499,000 shares of the Company Common Stock,
with a weighted-average contractual remaining life of approximately 9.9 years, and an exercise price of $ 2.13 per share, resulting
in a weighted average exercise price of $ 2.133 per share. At June 30, 2020, total unrecognized estimated compensation expense
related to non-vested Options issued prior to that date was approximately $ 382,000 , which is expected to be recognized over a
weighted-average period of 1.8 years. At June 30, 2020, no Options had been exercised. Restricted
Stock Purchase Offers On
June 3, 2020, the Company entered into an agreement wherein restricted stock purchase offers (“RSU(s)”) for the issuance
of 3,000,000 shares of the Company’s Common Stock, with deferred distribution, was granted and issued to Thomas V. Bushey, the
Company’s President, pursuant to the 2018 Plan. Stock-based compensation expense for both the three and six months ended June
30, 2020 was $ 1,050,000 . Non-vested RSUs as of June 30, 2020 totaled 2,625,000 shares. The weighted average grant-date fair value
for the RSU is $ 2.80 . The weighted average vesting period of the RSU is 2.0 years. As of June 30, 2020, unrecognized compensation
expense related to the unvested portion of the RSU was $ 7,350,000 , which is expected to be recognized over a weighted average
period of 1.75 years. During
2018, the Company entered into an agreement wherein RSUs for the issuance of 378,478 shares of the Company’s Common Stock, with
deferred distribution, was promised to a consultant pursuant to the 2018 Plan. Stock-based compensation expense for the three
and six months ended June 30, 2020 was $ 10,120 and $ 20,240 , respectively. The Company has not yet executed the RSU agreement with
the consultant. Non-vested RSUs as of June 30, 2020 totaled 47,308 shares. The weighted average grant-date fair value for the
RSU is $ 0.22 . The weighted average vesting period of the RSU is 2.0 years. As of June 30, 2020, unrecognized compensation expense
related to the unvested portion of the RSU was $ 10,117 , which is expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of 0.25 years. The
Company recognizes RSU expense over the period of vesting or period that services will be provided. Compensation associated with
shares of Common Stock issued or to be issued to consultants and other non-employees is recognized over the expected service period
beginning on the measurement date, which is generally the time the Company and the service provider enter into a commitment whereby
the Company agrees to grant shares in exchange for the services to be provided. NOTE
10 – COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES We
may be involved in legal proceedings, claims and assessments arising in the ordinary course of business. Such matters are subject
to many uncertainties, and outcomes are not predictable with assurance. There are no such loss contingencies that are included
in the financial statements as of June 30, 2020. NOTE
11 – RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS Between
April 16 and December 31, 2019, we accrued $ 141,667 in salary for Eric Brock, our Chief Executive Officer. On March 12, 2020,
Mr. Brock waived the accrued salary. On
March 12, 2020, Stewart Kantor, the Company’s Chief Financial Officer, waived $ 8,334 in accrued salary. NOTE
12 – SUBSEQUENT EVENTS Series
A Preferred Stock Offering On
August 14, 2020, the Company entered into securities purchase agreements (the “Purchase Agreements”) with certain purchasers
(the “Investors”), which provided for the sale of an aggregate of $ 3.0 million of the Company’s Series A Convertible
Preferred Stock (the “Series A Preferred”) at a cash purchase price of $ 2.00 per share (the “Purchase Price”)
(the “Offering”). On August 14, 2020, pursuant to the Purchase Agreements, the Company issued an aggregate of 1,500,000 shares of Series A Preferred to the Investors (the “Closing”). In connection with the Closing, Eric Brock, the Company’s
Chief Executive Officer purchased 157,500 shares of Series A Preferred. The aggregate gross proceeds to the Company from the Closing
was $ 3.0 million. After payment of offering expenses, the net proceeds to the Company from the Closing was approximately $ 2.9 million. F- 22 ONDAS
HOLDINGS INC. NOTES
TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Pursuant
to the Purchase Agreements, the Company has agreed to indemnify the Investors for liabilities arising out of or relating to (i)
any breach of any of the representations, warranties, covenants or agreements made by the Company or its subsidiary in the Purchase
Agreements or related documents or (ii) any action instituted against an Investor with respect to the Offering, subject to certain
exceptions. The Purchase Agreements also contains customary representations and warranties and covenants of the Company and was
subject to customary closing conditions. The
Series A Preferred were offered and sold exclusively to accredited investors in a transaction exempt from registration under the
Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”), as a transaction not involving a public offering, pursuant
to Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act and Rule 506 of Regulation D promulgated thereunder. The Investors represented their
intentions to acquire the securities for investment only and not with a view to or for sale in connection with any distribution
thereof, and appropriate legends were placed upon the stock certificates and book entry statements issued in the transaction.
The offer and sale of the securities were made without any general solicitation or advertising. Certificate
of Designation Series A Preferred Stock In
connection with the Closing on August 14, 2020, the Company filed a Certificate of Designation with the State of Nevada to designated 5,000,000 shares of the Company’s preferred stock as Series A Preferred. Shares of Series A Preferred rank pari passu with the
Company’s common stock, except that holders of Series A Preferred shall have certain liquidation preferences as set forth in the
Certificate of Designation and the holders of the Series A Preferred are not entitled to vote on any matters presented to the
stockholder of the Company. The Certificate of Designation became effective on the Closing Date. The
Series A Preferred is convertible at a holder’s election any time beginning six months from the Closing into shares of the Company’s
common stock at an initial conversion price equal to the Purchase Price, subject to certain adjustments described below, so that,
initially, each share of Series A Preferred shall be convertible into one (1) share of the Company’s common stock. Also, the Series
A Preferred will be automatically converted into the Company’s common stock (a “Mandatory Conversion”), at the then
applicable conversion price, in the event of an equity offering of shares of the Company’s common stock resulting in the Company
uplisting to a national securities exchange (provided that if the per share offering price in such offering is less than the then
applicable conversion price for the Series A Preferred, the Series A Preferred will automatically convert based on the offering
price in such offering). In
the event of any stock split, stock dividend, or stock combination, the number of shares deliverable and the conversion price
of the Series A Preferred will be appropriately adjusted. In the event a Mandatory Conversion is triggered, if the offering price
on the date such Mandatory Conversion is triggered is less than a 25% premium to the Purchase Price, the Company will issue additional
shares of the Company’s common stock for each outstanding share of Series A Preferred to ensure the effective conversion price
equals a 25% discount to the Purchase Price. Also,
for a period of one year from the date of the Purchase Agreements, if the Company undertakes an underwritten public equity offering,
the holders of Series A Preferred will enter into a lock-up agreement with respect to the sale of the Series A Preferred and the
Company’s common stock underlying such Series A Preferred as may be reasonably requested by the Company or the Company’s underwriter
for such public equity offering. F- 23 REPORT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM To
the Board of Directors and Stockholders
of Ondas Holdings Inc. Opinion
on the Financial Statements We
have audited the accompanying balance sheets of Ondas Holdings Inc. (the Company) as of December 31, 2019 and 2018, and the related
statements of operations, stockholders’ deficit, and cash flows for each of the years in the two-year period ended December 31,
2019, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements). In our opinion, the financial statements present
fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2019 and 2018, and the results of its
operations and its cash flows for each of the years in the two-year period ended December 31, 2019, in conformity with accounting
principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Basis
for Opinion These
financial statements are the responsibility of the Company’s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company’s
financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight
Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal
securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. We
conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit
to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error
or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial
reporting. As part of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, but
not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company’s internal control over financial reporting.
Accordingly, we express no such opinion. Our
audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to
error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence
regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles
used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements.
We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. The
accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed
in Note 1 of the financial statements, the Company has suffered recurring losses from operations and has a net capital deficiency
that raise substantial doubt about its ability to continue as a going concern. Management’s plans in regard to these matters are
also described in Note 1. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. /s/ Rosenberg Rich Baker Berman, P.A.
We have served as the Company’s auditor since 2017.
Somerset, NJ
March 13, 2020 F- 24 ONDAS
HOLDINGS INC. CONSOLIDATED
BALANCE SHEETS December 31,
2019 | 2018
ASSETS
Current Assets:
Cash and cash equivalents | $ | 2,153,028 | $ | 1,129,863
Accounts receivable, net | 20,212 | 30,440
Inventory, net | 427,516 | 347,945
Other current assets | 700,599 | 533,481
Total current assets | 3,301,355 | 2,041,729
Property and equipment, net | 252,246 | 502,146
Other Assets:
Operating lease right of use assets | 331,419 | -
Licenses | 200,000 | -
Intangible assets, net | 126,344 | 53,288
Lease deposits | 52,152 | 49,376
Deferred offering costs | - | 14,982
Total other assets | 709,915 | 117,646
Total assets | $ | 4,263,516 | $ | 2,661,521
LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS’ DEFICIT
Current Liabilities:
Accounts payable | $ | 2,322,198 | $ | 1,111,929
Operating lease liabilities | 489,407 | -
Accrued expenses and other current liabilities | 3,141,649 | 2,188,271
Secured promissory note, net of debt discount of $ 252,933 and $ 72,038 , respectively | 10,106,895 | 10,063,208
Notes payable | - | 3,882,868
Total current liabilities | 16,060,149 | 17,246,276
Long-Term Liabilities:
Notes payable | 539,921 | 300,000
Accrued interest | 41,239 | -
Operating lease liabilities, net of current | 52,449 | -
Total long-term liabilities | 633,609 | 300,000
Total liabilities | 16,693,758 | 17,546,276
Commitments and Contingencies
Stockholders’ Deficit:
Preferred stock - par value $ 0.0001 ; 10,000,000 shares authorized | - | -
Common stock - par value $ 0.0001 ; 350,000,000 shares authorized; 59,268,085 and 50,463,732 issued and outstanding, respectively | 5,927 | 5,046
Additional paid in capital | 39,335,498 | 17,491,734
Accumulated deficit | ( 51,771,667 | ) | ( 32,381,535 | )
Total stockholders’ deficit | ( 12,430,242 | ) | ( 14,884,755 | )
Total liabilities and stockholders’ deficit | $ | 4,263,516 | $ | 2,661,521 The
accompanying footnotes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. F- 25 ONDAS
HOLDINGS INC. CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS Years Ended December 31,
2019 | 2018
Revenues, net | $ | 320,383 | $ | 190,029
Cost of goods sold | 79,126 | 39,365
Gross profit | 241,257 | 150,664
Operating expenses:
General and administration | 4,792,867 | 2,611,992
Sales and marketing | 5,403,901 | 2,897,703
Research and development | 5,416,425 | 3,076,502
Total operating expense | 15,613,193 | 8,586,197
Operating loss | ( 15,371,936 | ) | ( 8,435,533 | )
Other income (expense)
Interest expense | ( 2,929,369 | ) | ( 2,663,645 | )
Impairment of deferred offering costs and financing costs associated with canceled financing efforts | ( 919,950 | ) | -
Change in fair value of derivative liability | - | ( 975,902 | )
Loss on disposal of fixed assets | ( 183,431 | ) | -
Loss on extinguishment of debt | - | ( 44,353 | )
Interest income | 1,863 | 18,147
Other income | 12,691 | 4,422
Total other income (expense) | ( 4,018,196 | ) | ( 3,661,331 | )
Loss before provision for income taxes | ( 19,390,132 | ) | ( 12,096,864 | )
Provision for income taxes | - | -
Net loss | $ | ( 19,390,132 | ) | $ | ( 12,096,864 | )
Net loss per share - basic and diluted | $ | ( 0.37 | ) | $ | ( 0.42 | )
Weighted average number of common shares outstanding - basic and diluted | 52,704,911 | 28,528,060 The
accompanying footnotes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. F- 26 ONDAS
HOLDINGS INC. CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN EQUITY Additional
Common Stock | Paid in
Shares | Amount | Capital | Accumulated | Total
Balance, December 31, 2018 | 50,463,732 | $ | 5,046 | $ | ( 32,381,535 | ) | $ | ( 14,884,755 | )
Stock-based compensation | - | - | 938,052 | - | 938,052
Shares issued in private placement, net of costs | 2,885,600 | 289 | 6,109,433 | - | 6,109,722
Shares issued in exchange for debt | 5,798,753 | 580 | 14,496,291 | - | 14,496,871
Shares issued for extension of debt | 120,000 | 12 | 299,988 | - | 300,000
Net loss | - | - | - | ( 19,390,132 | ) | ( 19,390,132 | )
Balance, December 31, 2019 | 59,268,085 | $ | 5,927 | $ | 39,335,498 | $ | ( 51,771,667 | ) | $ | ( 12,430,242 | ) Additional
Common Stock | Paid in | Accumulated
Shares | Amount | Capital | Deficit | Total
Balance, December 31, 2017 | 16,797,744 | $ | 1,679 | $ | 12,361,205 | $ | ( 20,284,671 | ) | $ | ( 7,921,787 | )
Issuance of shares in private placement | 6,648,586 | 665 | 4,031 | - | 4,696
Issuance of shares in debt conversion | 2,017,402 | 202 | 4,002,816 | - | 4,003,018
Reclassification of derivative liability | - | - | 1,141,995 | - | 1,141,995
Purchase and retirement of common stock | ( 32,600,000 | ) | ( 3,260 | ) | - | - | ( 3,260 | )
Effect of merger and recapitalization pursuant to execution of Agreement and Plan of Merger and Reorganization | 57,600,000 | 5,760 | ( 18,313 | ) | - | ( 12,553 | )
Net loss | - | - | - | ( 12,096,864 | ) | ( 12,096,864 | )
Balance, December 31, 2018 | 50,463,732 | $ | 5,046 | $ | 17,491,734 | $ | ( 32,381,535 | ) | $ | ( 14,884,755 | ) The
accompanying footnotes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. F- 27 ONDAS
HOLDINGS INC. CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS Years Ended December 31,
2019 | 2018
CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES
Net loss | $ | ( 19,390,132 | ) | $ | ( 12,096,864 | )
Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash flows used in operating activities:
Depreciation | 143,459 | 54,946
Allowance for doubtful accounts | - | ( 7,914 | )
Amortization of debt discount and deferred financing costs | 119,105 | 835,849
Amortization of intangible assets | 1,055 | 194
Amortization of right of use assets | ( 81,659 | ) | -
Impairment of operating lease | 292,095 | -
Impairment of deferred offering and financing costs | 82,332 | -
Accreted interest | 224,582 | -
Stock-based compensation | 938,052 | -
Loss on disposal of fixed assets | 183,431 | -
Loss on conversion of debt | - | 31,943
Change in fair value of derivative liability | - | 975,902
Changes in operating assets and liabilities:
Accounts receivable | 10,228 | 9,329
Inventory | ( 79,591 | ) | ( 174,624 | )
Other current assets | ( 167,192 | ) | ( 477,937 | )
Accounts payable | 1,210,269 | ( 44,359 | )
Accrued expenses and other current liabilities | 1,849,581 | 2,376,272
Net cash flows used in operating activities | ( 14,664,385 | ) | ( 8,517,263 | )
CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES
Purchase of licenses | ( 200,000 | ) | -
Purchase of equipment | ( 77,936 | ) | ( 544,236 | )
Patent costs | ( 74,111 | ) | ( 53,482 | )
Deposits | ( 2,775 | ) | ( 31,965 | )
Net cash flows used in investing activities | ( 354,822 | ) | ( 629,683 | )
CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES
Proceeds from secured promissory note | 10,000,000 | 9,875,000
Payments for deferred offering costs | ( 67,350 | ) | -
Proceeds from convertible notes payable | - | 100,000
Proceeds from sale of common stock, net of costs | 6,109,722 | 4,696
Repayment of advances from related party | - | ( 155,645 | )
Purchase and retirement of common stock | - | ( 3,260 | )
Net cash flows provided by financing activities | 16,042,372 | 9,820,791
Increase in cash and cash equivalents | 1,023,165 | 673,845
Cash and cash equivalent, beginning of year | 1,129,863 | 456,018
Cash and cash equivalents, end of year | $ | 2,153,028 | $ | 1,129,863
SUPPLEMENTAL DISCLOSURES OF CASH FLOW INFORMATION:
Cash paid for interest | $ | 1,038,246 | $ | 979,167
Cash paid for income taxes | $ | - | $ | -
SUPPLEMENTAL SCHEDULE OF NON-CASH FINANCING ACTIVITIES:
Debt exchanged for common stock | $ | 14,496,871 | $ | -
Accrued interest converted to debt | $ | 230,565 | $ | 17,310
Increase in debt for non cash interest | $ | - | $ | 135,246
Derivative liability | $ | - | $ | 1,141,995 The
accompanying footnotes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. F- 28 ONDAS
HOLDINGS INC. NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS NOTE
1 – DESCRIPTION OF BUSINESS AND BASIS OF PRESENTATION The
Company Ondas
Holdings Inc. (the “Company”) was originally incorporated in Nevada on December 22, 2014 under the name of Zev Ventures
Incorporated. On September 28, 2018, we closed the Acquisition, described below, changed our name to Ondas Holdings Inc., and
Ondas Networks Inc., a Delaware corporation (“Ondas Networks”), became our sole focus and wholly owned subsidiary. The
corporate headquarters for Ondas Holdings Inc. and operational headquarters for Ondas Networks Inc. is located in Sunnyvale, California.
Unless otherwise stated or unless the context otherwise requires, the description of our business set forth below is provided
on a combined basis, taking into account our subsidiary, Ondas Networks. Ondas Networks was originally incorporated in Delaware
on February 16, 2006 under the name of Full Spectrum Inc. On August 10, 2018, the name was changed to Ondas Networks Inc. We
have two wholly owned subsidiaries, Ondas Networks Inc., a Delaware corporation, which is our operating company, and FS Partners
(Cayman) Limited, a Cayman Islands limited liability company. We have two majority owned subsidiaries, Full Spectrum Holding Limited,
a Cayman Islands limited liability company, and Ondas Network Limited, a company registered to do business in China. Full Spectrum
Holding Limited owns 100 % of Ondas Network Limited. Both FS Partners (Cayman) Limited and Full Spectrum Holding Limited were formed
for the purpose of beginning operations in China. As of December 31, 2019, we revised our business strategy and are in the process
of dissolving our Cayman Islands and China-affiliated subsidiaries. Ondas
Networks’ wireless networking products are applicable to a wide range of mission critical operations that require secure communications
over large geographic areas. We provide wireless connectivity solutions enabling mission-critical Industrial Internet applications
and services. We refer to these applications as the Mission-Critical Internet of Things (MC-IoT). We
design, develop, manufacture, sell and support FullMAX, our multi-patented, state-of-the-art, point-to-multipoint, Software Defined
Radio (SDR) platform for secure, licensed, private, wide-area broadband networks. Our customers purchase FullMAX system solutions
to deploy wide-area intelligent networks (WANs) for smart grids, smart pipes, smart fields and other mission critical network
that need internet protocol connectivity. We sell our products and services globally through a direct sales force and value-added
sales partners to critical infrastructure providers including electric and gas utilities, water and wastewater utilities, oil
and gas producers and pipeline operators, and for other critical infrastructure applications in areas such as homeland security
and defense, and transportation. In addition, our FullMAX platform will be deployed to provide command and control connectivity
solutions for drones and unmanned aerial systems (UAS). Our
business consists of a single segment of products and services all of which are sold and provided in the United States and certain
international markets. The
Acquisition On
September 28, 2018, we entered into the Agreement and Plan of Merger and Reorganization (the “Merger Agreement”) with
Zev Merger Sub, Inc. and Ondas Networks to acquire Ondas Networks. The transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement were
consummated on September 28, 2018 (the “Closing”), and pursuant to the terms of the Merger Agreement, all outstanding
shares of common stock of Ondas Networks, $ 0.00001 par value per share, (the “Ondas Networks Shares”), were exchanged
for shares of our common stock, $ 0.0001 par value per share (the “Company Shares”). Accordingly, Ondas Networks became
our wholly-owned subsidiary and its business became the business of the Company. F- 29 ONDAS
HOLDINGS INC. NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS At
the Closing, each Ondas Networks Share outstanding immediately prior to the Closing was converted into 3.823 Company Shares (the
“Exchange Ratio”), with all fractional shares rounded down to the nearest whole share. Accordingly, we issued an aggregate
of 25,463,732 Company Shares for all of the then-outstanding Ondas Networks Shares. In
connection with the Closing, we amended and restated our articles of incorporation, effective September 28, 2018 to (i) change
our name to Ondas Holdings Inc. and (ii) increase our authorized capital to 360,000,000 shares, consisting of 350,000,000 shares
of common stock, par value $ 0.0001 per share, and 10,000,000 shares of “blank check” preferred stock, par value $ 0.0001 per share. In connection with the Acquisition, our trading symbol changed to “ONDS” effective at the opening of business
on October 5, 2018. Also
in connection with the Closing, (i) our sole director appointed additional individuals, who previously were members of the board
of directors of Ondas Networks and its chief executive officer, to serve on our board of directors, and our board of directors
subsequently appointed executive officers; (ii) the former holders of the Ondas Networks Shares executed lock-up agreements (the
“Lock-Up Agreements”), which provide for an initial 12-month lock-up period followed by a subsequent 12-month limited
sale period, commencing with the date of the Closing (Effective August 30, 2019, the Company entered into a First Amendment to
Lock-Up Agreements (the “Amendment”) with stockholders owning an aggregate of 24,428,681 of the Ondas Shares, representing 41 % of the Company’s currently outstanding shares of common stock. The Amendment revised the terms of the Lock-Up Agreements to
extend the lock-up period an additional twelve months to September 28, 2020 and eliminated the 12-month limited sale period) ;
(iii) we entered into a Common Stock Repurchase Agreement with Energy Capital, LLC, a current stockholder of the Company (“Energy
Capital”), pursuant to which the entity sold an aggregate of 32.6 million Company Shares (the “Repurchase Shares”)
to us at $ 0.0001 per share, for an aggregate consideration of $ 3,260 , which Repurchase Shares were canceled and returned to our
authorized but unissued shares; (iv) our board of directors approved, and our stockholders adopted, the 2018 Incentive Stock Plan
(the “2018 Plan”) pursuant to which 10 million Company Shares have been reserved for issuance to employees, including
officers, directors and consultants; and (v) we entered into a Loan and Security Agreement with Energy Capital, pursuant to which
Energy Capital agreed to lend us an aggregate principal amount of up to $ 10 million, subject to specified conditions. In
accordance with ASC 805-40, Reverse Acquisitions , the historical capital stock account of Ondas Networks immediately prior
to the Closing was carried forward and retroactively adjusted to reflect the par value of the outstanding stock of the Company,
including the number of shares issued in the Closing as we are the surviving legal entity. Additionally, retained earnings of
Ondas Networks have been carried forward after the Closing. All share and per share amounts in the condensed consolidated financial
statements and related notes have been retrospectively adjusted to reflect the one for 3.823 exchange of shares of common stock
in connection with the Acquisition. Liquidity We
have incurred losses since inception and have funded our operations primarily through debt and the sale of capital stock. As of
December 31, 2019, we had an stockholders’ deficit of approximately $ 12.4 million. At December 31, 2019, we had short-term and
long-term borrowings outstanding of approximately $ 10.1 million and $ 0.5 million, respectively. As of December 31, 2019, we had
cash of approximately $ 2.2 million and a working capital deficit of approximately $ 12.8 million. F- 30 ONDAS
HOLDINGS INC. NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Our
future capital requirements will depend upon many factors, including progress with developing, manufacturing and marketing our
technologies, the time and costs involved in preparing, filing, prosecuting, maintaining and enforcing patent claims and other
proprietary rights, our ability to establish collaborative arrangements, marketing activities and competing technological and
market developments, including regulatory changes and overall economic conditions in our target markets. Our ability to generate
revenue and achieve profitability requires us to successfully market and secure purchase orders for our products from customers
currently identified in our sales pipeline and to new customers as well. We also will be required to efficiently manufacturer
and deliver equipment on those purchase orders. These activities, including our planned research and development efforts, will
require significant uses of working capital through the end of 2020 and beyond. Based on our current operating plans, we believe
that our existing cash at the time of this filing will only be sufficient to meet our anticipated operating needs through March
2020. Accounting
standards require management to evaluate our ability to continue as a going concern for a period of one year subsequent to the
date of the filing of the Annual Report for the year ended December 31, 2019 (“evaluation period”). As such, we have
evaluated if cash on hand and cash generated through operating activities would be sufficient to sustain projected operating activities
through March 13, 2021. We anticipate that our current resources will be insufficient to meet our cash requirements throughout
the evaluation period, including funding anticipated losses and scheduled debt maturities. We expect to seek additional funds
from a combination of dilutive and/or nondilutive financings in the future. Because such transactions have not been finalized,
receipt of additional funding is not considered probable under current accounting standards. If we do not generate sufficient
cash flows from operations and obtain sufficient funds when needed, we expect that we would scale back our operating plan by deferring
or limiting some, or all, of our capital spending, reducing our spending on travel, and/or eliminating planned headcount additions,
as well as other cost reductions to be determined. Because such contingency plans have not been finalized (the specifics would
depend on the situation at the time), such actions also are not considered probable for purposes of current accounting standards.
Because, under current accounting standards, neither future cash generated from operating activities, nor management’s contingency
plans to mitigate the risk and extend cash resources through the evaluation period, are considered probable, substantial doubt
is deemed to exist about the Company’s ability to continue as a going concern. As we continue to incur losses, our transition
to profitability is dependent upon achieving a level of revenues adequate to support its cost structure. We may never achieve
profitability, and unless and until doing so, we intend to fund future operations through additional dilutive or non-dilutive
financings. There can be no assurances, however, that additional funding will be available on terms acceptable to us, if at all. The
financial information contained in these financial statements have been prepared on a basis that assumes that we will continue
as a going concern, which contemplates the realization of assets and the satisfaction of liabilities and commitments in the normal
course of business. This financial information and these financial statements do not include any adjustments that may result from
the outcome of this uncertainty. NOTE
2 – SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNT POLICIES Principles
of Consolidation The
consolidated financial statements include the accounts of the Company and our wholly owned subsidiaries Ondas Networks and FS
Partners and our majority owned subsidiaries, Full Spectrum Holding and Ondas Network Limited. All significant inter-company accounts
and transactions between these entities have been eliminated in these historical consolidated financial statements. F- 31 ONDAS
HOLDINGS INC. NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Segment
Information We
operate in one business segment, which is the development, marketing and sale of wireless radio systems for secure, wide area
mission-critical business-to-business networks. Use
of Estimates The
process of preparing financial statements in conformity with U.S. GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that
affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements.
Such management estimates include those relating to revenue recognition, inventory write-downs to reflect net realizable value,
assumptions used in the valuation of stock-based awards and warrants, and valuation allowances against deferred tax assets. Actual
results could differ from those estimates. Cash
and Cash Equivalents We
consider all highly liquid instruments with an original maturity of three months or less, as well as deposits in financial institutions,
to be cash and cash equivalents. As of December 31, 2019 and 2018, we had no cash equivalents. Trade
Accounts Receivable Accounts
receivable are stated at a gross invoice amount less an allowance for doubtful accounts. We estimate allowance for doubtful accounts
by evaluating specific accounts where information indicates our customers may have an inability to meet financial obligations,
such as customer payment history, credit worthiness and receivable amounts outstanding for an extended period beyond contractual
terms. We use assumptions and judgment, based on the best available facts and circumstances, to record an allowance to reduce
the receivable to the amount expected to be collected. These allowances are evaluated and adjusted as additional information is
received. We had no allowance for doubtful accounts as of December 31, 2019 and 2018. Inventory Inventories,
which consist solely of equipment components, are stated at the lower of cost (first-in, first-out) or net realizable value, net
of reserves for obsolete inventory. We continually analyze our slow-moving and excess inventories. Based on historical and projected
sales volumes and anticipated selling prices, we established reserves. Inventory that is in excess of current and projected use
is reduced by an allowance to a level that approximates its estimate of future demand. Products that are determined to be obsolete
are written down to net realizable value. As of December 31, 2019 and 2018, we determined that no such reserves were necessary. Inventory
consists of the following: Years Ended December 31,
2019 | 2018
Raw material | $ | 372,101 | $ | 307,947
Finished goods | 55,415 | 39,998
Total inventory | $ | 427,516 | $ | 347,945 F- 32 ONDAS
HOLDINGS INC. NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Property
and Equipment All
additions, including improvements to existing facilities, are recorded at cost. Maintenance and repairs are charged to expense
as incurred. Depreciation of property and equipment is principally recorded using the straight-line method over the estimated
useful lives of the assets. The estimated useful lives typically are (i) three years for equipment and software, and (ii) five
years for vehicles and furniture and fixtures. Leasehold improvements are amortized on a straight-line basis over the shorter
of the lease term or the estimated useful life of the asset. Upon the disposal of property, the asset and related accumulated
depreciation accounts are relieved of the amounts recorded therein for such items, and any resulting gain or loss is recorded
in operating expenses in the year of disposition. Software Costs
incurred internally in researching and developing a software product are charged to expense until technological feasibility has
been established for the product. Once technological feasibility is established, all software costs are capitalized until the
product is available for general release to customers. Judgment is required in determining when technological feasibility of a
product is established. We have determined that technological feasibility for our software products is reached after all high-risk
development issues have been resolved through coding and testing. Generally, this occurs shortly before the products are released
to production. There were no capitalized software costs at December 31, 2019 and 2018. Impairment
of Long-Lived Assets Long-lived
assets are evaluated whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount may not be recoverable or the
useful life has changed. Such indicators include significant technological changes, adverse changes in market conditions and/or
poor operating results. The carrying value of a long-lived asset group is considered impaired when the projected undiscounted
future cash flows is less than its carrying value. The amount of impairment loss recognized is the difference between the estimated
fair value and the carrying value of the asset or asset group. Fair market value is determined primarily using the projected future
cash flows discounted at a rate commensurate with the risk involved. Based upon our evaluation, there were no impairments of long-lived
assets required during the years ended December 31, 2019 and 2018. Patents We
have adopted the provisions of Financial Accounting Standards Board, or FASB, Accounting Standards Codification, or ASC, 350, Intangibles - Goodwill and Other (“ASC 350”). Capitalized patent costs, net of accumulated amortization, includes
legal costs incurred for patent applications. In accordance with ASC 350, once a patent is granted, we amortize the capitalized
patent costs over the remaining life of the patent using the straight-line method. If the patent is not granted, we write-off
any capitalized patent costs at that time. We review intangible assets for impairment annually or when events or circumstances
indicate that their carrying amount may not be recoverable. (See NOTE 5 for further details). Research
and Development Costs
for research and development are expensed as incurred. Research and development expense consists primarily of salaries, salary
related expenses and costs of contractors and materials. F- 33 ONDAS
HOLDINGS INC. NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Fair
Value of Financial Instruments Our
financial instruments consist primarily of receivables, accounts payable, accrued expenses and short and long-term debt. The carrying
amount of receivables, accounts payable and accrued expenses approximates our fair value because of the short-term maturity of
such instruments. We
have categorized our assets and liabilities that are valued at fair value on a recurring basis into a three-level fair value hierarchy
in accordance with U.S. GAAP. Fair value is defined as the exchange price that would be received for an asset or paid to transfer
a liability (an exit price) in the principal or most advantageous market for the asset or liability in an orderly transaction
between market participants on the measurement date. The fair value hierarchy gives the highest priority to quoted prices in active
markets for identical assets and liabilities (Level 1) and lowest priority to unobservable inputs (Level 3). Assets
and liabilities recorded in the balance sheets at fair value are categorized based on a hierarchy of inputs, as follows: Level 1 | -- | Unadjusted quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities.
Level 2 | -- | Quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities in active markets or inputs that are observable for the asset or liability, either directly or indirectly through market corroboration, for substantially the full term of the financial instrument.
Level 3 | -- | Unobservable inputs for the asset or liability. At
December 31, 2019 and 2018, we had no instruments requiring a fair value determination. The
following table provides a summary of changes in fair value associated with the Level 3 liabilities for the years ended December
31, 2019 and 2018: Fair Value Measurements Using Significant Unobservable Inputs (Level 3)
December 31,
2019 | 2018
Balance, beginning of period | $ | - | $ | ( 166,093 | )
Issuances of derivative liability | - | -
Reclassification to additional paid in capital | - | 1,141,995
Change in fair value of derivative liability | - | ( 975,902 | )
Balance, end of period | $ | - | $ | - The
above table of Level 3 liabilities begins with the prior period balance and adjusts the balance for changes that occurred during
the current period. The ending balance of the Level 3 financial instrument presented above represent our best estimates and may
not be substantiated by comparisons to independent markets and, in many cases, could not be realized in immediate settlement of
the instruments. F- 34 ONDAS
HOLDINGS INC. NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Income
Taxes Income
taxes are accounted for under the asset and liability method. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the estimated
future tax consequences attributable to differences between the financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities
and their respective tax basis. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply to
taxable income in the years in which the related temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled. The effect on
deferred tax assets and liabilities of a change in tax rates is recognized when the rate change is enacted. Valuation allowances
are recorded to reduce deferred tax assets to the amount that will more likely than not be realized. In accordance with GAAP,
we recognize the effect of uncertain income tax positions only if the positions are more likely than not of being sustained in
an audit, based on the technical merits of the position. Recognized uncertain income tax positions are measured at the largest
amount that is greater than 50 % likely of being realized. Changes in recognition or measurement are reflected in the period in
which those changes in judgment occur. We recognize both interest and penalties related to uncertain tax positions as part of
the income tax provision. Shipping
and Handling We
expense all shipping and handling costs as incurred. These costs are included in cost of goods sold on the accompanying consolidated
financial statements. Deferred
Offering Costs The
Company capitalizes certain legal, professional accounting and other third-party fees that are directly associated with in-process
equity financings as deferred offering costs until such financings are consummated. After consummation of the equity financing,
these costs are recorded in stockholders’ deficit as a reduction of additional paid-in capital generated as a result of the offering.
Should the planned equity financing be abandoned, the deferred offering costs will be expensed immediately as a charge to operating
expenses in the consolidated statement of operations. In accordance with this policy, for the years ended December 31, 2019 and
2018, the Company expensed financing costs of $ 919,950 and $ 0 , respectively. Off-Balance
Sheet Arrangements The
Company has no off-balance sheet risk such as foreign exchange contracts, option contracts, or other hedging arrangements. F- 35 ONDAS
HOLDINGS INC. NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS ASC
606, Revenue from Contracts with Customers On
January 1, 2018, we adopted ASC 606 , Revenue from Contracts with Customers (“ASC 606”), using the modified retrospective
method with respect to all non-completed contracts. Revenues and contract assets and liabilities for contracts completed prior
to January 1, 2018 are presented in accordance with ASC 605, Revenue Recognition . ASC 606 outlines a single comprehensive
model for entities to use in accounting for revenue arising from contracts with customers and supersedes nearly all existing revenue
recognition guidance, including industry-specific guidance. The new guidance is based on the principle that an entity should recognize
revenue to depict the transfer of products or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which the
entity expects to be entitled in exchange for those products or services. The new guidance also requires additional disclosure
about the nature, amount, timing and uncertainty of revenue and cash flows arising from customer contracts, including significant
judgment and changes in judgments and assets recognized from costs incurred to fulfill a contract. The adoption of ASC 606 did
not have a material effect on our financial position, results of operations, or internal controls over financial reporting. Under
ASC 606, the Company recognizes revenue when the customer obtains control of promised products or services, in an amount that
reflects the consideration which is expected to be received in exchange for those products or services. The Company recognizes
revenue following the five-step model prescribed under ASC 606: (i) identify contract(s) with a customer; (ii) identify the performance
obligation(s) in the contract; (iii) determine the transaction price; (iv) allocate the transaction price to the performance obligation(s)
in the contract; and (v) recognize revenue when (or as) the Company satisfies a performance obligation. The Company only applies
the five-step model to contracts when it is probable that the entity will collect the consideration it is entitled to in exchange
for the products or services it transfers to the customer. At
contract inception, once the contract is determined to be within the scope of ASC 606, the Company assesses the products or services
promised within each contract and determines those that are performance obligations and assesses whether each promised product
or service is distinct. The Company then recognizes as revenue the amount of the transaction price that is allocated to the respective
performance obligation when (or as) the performance obligation is satisfied. To the extent the transaction price includes variable
consideration, we estimate the amount of variable consideration that should be included in the transaction price utilizing the
expected value method. Variable consideration is included in the transaction price if, in our judgment, it is probable that a
significant future reversal of cumulative revenue under the contract will not occur. Estimates of variable consideration and determination
of whether to include estimated amounts in the transaction price are based largely on an assessment of our anticipated performance
and all information (historical, current and forecasted) that is reasonably available. Sales, value add, and other taxes collected
on behalf of third parties are excluded from revenue. For the years ended December 31, 2019 and 2018, none of our contracts with
customers included variable consideration. Contracts
that are modified to account for changes in contract specifications and requirements are assessed to determine if the modification
either creates new or changes the existing enforceable rights and obligations. Generally, contract modifications are for products
or services that are not distinct from the existing contract due to the inability to use, consume or sell the products or services
on their own to generate economic benefits and are accounted for as if they were part of that existing contract. The effect of
a contract modification on the transaction price and measure of progress for the performance obligation to which it relates, is
recognized as an adjustment to revenue (either as an increase in or a reduction of revenue) on a cumulative catch-up basis. For
the years ended December 31, 2019 and 2018, there were no modifications to contract specifications. The
Company is engaged in the development, marketing and sale of wireless radio systems for secure, wide area mission-critical business-to-business
networks. We generate revenue primarily from the sale of the FullMAX System and the delivery of related services. Product
revenue is comprised of sales of the Company’s software defined base station and remote radios, its network management and monitoring
system, and accessories. The Company’s software and hardware is sold with a limited one-year basic warranty included in the price.
The limited one-year basic warranty is an assurance-type warranty, is not a separate performance obligation, and thus no transaction
price is allocated to it. The nature of tasks under the limited one-year basic warranty only provide for remedying defective product(s)
covered by the warranty. Product revenue is generally recognized when the customer obtains control of our product, which occurs
at a point in time, and may be upon shipment or upon delivery based on the contractual shipping terms of a contract, or upon installation
when the combined performance obligation is not distinct within the context of the contract. F- 36 ONDAS
HOLDINGS INC. NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Service
revenue is comprised of separately priced extended warranty sales, network support and maintenance, remote monitoring, as well
as ancillary services directly related to the sale of the Company’s wireless communications products including wireless network
design, systems engineering, radio frequency planning, software configuration, product training, installation, and onsite support.
The extended warranty sold by the Company provides a level of assurance beyond the coverage for defects that existed at the time
of a sale or against certain types of covered damage. The extended warranty includes 1) factory hardware repair or replacement,
at our election, of the base station and remote radios, 2) software upgrades, bug fixes and new features of the radio software
and NMS, 3) deployment and network architecture support, and 4) technical support by phone and email. Extended warranty, network
support and maintenance, and remote monitoring revenues are recognized ratably over the term of the service contract. Ancillary
service revenues are recognized at the point in time when those services have been provided to the customer and the performance
obligation has been satisfied. With respect to extended warranty sales and remote monitoring, the Company applies the input method
using straight-line recognition. If
the customer contract contains a single performance obligation, the entire transaction price is allocated to the single performance
obligation. We enter into certain contracts that have multiple performance obligations, one or more of which may be delivered
subsequent to the delivery of other performance obligations. We allocate the transaction price based on the estimated relative
standalone selling prices of the promised products or services underlying each performance obligation. We determine standalone
selling prices based on the price at which the performance obligation is sold separately. If the standalone selling price is not
observable through past transactions, we estimate the standalone selling price considering available information such as market
conditions and internally approved pricing guidelines related to the performance obligations. Revenue is then allocated to the
performance obligations using the relative selling prices of each of the performance obligations in the contract. Our
payment terms vary and range from Net 15 to Net 30 days from the date of the invoices. Disaggregation
of Revenue The
following tables present our disaggregated revenues by Type of Revenue and Timing of Revenue. Years Ended December 31,
2019 | 2018
Type of Revenue
Product revenue | $ | 212,905 | $ | 125,664
Service revenue | 107,478 | 64,365
Total revenue | $ | 320,383 | $ | 190,029 Years Ended December 31,
2019 | 2018
Timing of Revenue
Revenue recognized point in time | $ | 281,333 | $ | 147,863
Revenue recognized over time | 39,050 | 42,166
Total revenue | $ | 320,383 | $ | 190,029 F- 37 ONDAS
HOLDINGS INC. NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Contract
Assets and Liabilities We
recognize a receivable or contract asset when we perform a service or transfer a good in advance of receiving consideration. A
receivable is recorded when our right to consideration is unconditional and only the passage of time is required before payment
of that consideration is due. A contract asset is recorded when our right to consideration in exchange for good or services that
we have transferred to a customer is conditional on something other than the passage of time. We did not have any contract assets
recorded at December 31, 2019 and 2018. We
recognize a contract liability when we receive consideration, or if we have the unconditional right to receive consideration,
in advance of satisfying the performance obligation. A contract liability is our obligation to transfer goods or services to a
customer for which we have received consideration, or an amount of consideration is due from the customer. The table below details
the activity in our contract liabilities during the years ended December 31, 2019 and 2018, and the balance at the end of each
year is reported as deferred revenue in the Company’s consolidated balance sheet. Years Ended December 31,
2019 | 2018
Balance, beginning of year | $ | 20,631 | $ | 30,690
Additions | 20,826 | 32,106
Transfer to revenue | ( 39,050 | ) | ( 42,166 | )
Balance, end of year | $ | 2,467 | $ | 20,631 Warranty
Reserve We
provide a limited one-year assurance-type warranty on our software and hardware products. The assurance-type warranty covers defects
in material and wordsmanship only. If a warranted software or hardware component is determined to be defective after being tested
by the Company, the Company will repair, replace or refund the price of the covered hardware and/or software to the customer (not
including any shipping, handling, delivery or installation charges). We estimate, based upon a review of historical warranty claim
experience, the costs that may be incurred under our warranties and record a liability in the amount of such estimate at the time
a product is sold. Factors that affect our warranty liability include the number of units sold, historical and anticipated rates
of warranty claims, and cost per claim. We periodically assess the adequacy of our recorded warranty liability and adjust the
accrual as claims data and historical experience warrants. The Company has assessed the costs of fulfilling its existing assurance-type
warranties and has determined that the estimated outstanding warranty obligation at December 31, 2019 and 2018 is immaterial to
the Company’s financial statements. Accounting
Standard Update 2016-02, Leases Under
Topic 842, operating lease expense is generally recognized evenly over the term of the lease. During 2019, the Company had operating
leases primarily consisting of two office space leases in Sunnyvale, CA and one in Chengdu, Sichuan Province, People’s Republic
of China (the “Chengdu Lease”). Lease costs were approximately $ 475,000 for the year ended December 31, 2019. In December
2019, in conjunction with the closure of Ondas Networks Limited, the Chengdu Lease was terminated. Our remaining lease terms range
from 12 to 14 months. There was no sublease rental income for the year ended December 31, 2019. In January 2020, the Company entered
into a sublease rental agreement for one of its leases in Sunnyvale, CA. See NOTE 13 for further details. Leases
with an initial term of twelve months or less are not recorded on the balance sheet. For lease agreements entered into or reassessed
after the adoption of Topic 842, we combine the lease and non-lease components in determining the lease liabilities and right
of use (“ROU”) assets. F- 38 ONDAS
HOLDINGS INC. NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Our
lease agreements generally do not provide an implicit borrowing rate; therefore, an internal incremental borrowing rate is determined
based on information available at lease commencement date for purposes of determining the present value of lease payments. We
used the incremental borrowing rate on December 31, 2018 for all leases that commenced prior to that date. Lease
Costs Year ended December 31, 2019
Components of total lease costs:
Operating lease expense | $ | 593,707
Short-term lease costs (1) | 46,575
Total lease costs | $ | 640,282 (1) | Represents short-term leases which are immaterial. Lease
Positions as of December 31, 2019 ROU
lease assets and lease liabilities for our operating leases were recorded in the consolidated balance sheet as follows: As of December 31, 2019
Assets:
Operating lease assets | $ | 331,419
Total lease assets | $ | 331,419
Liabilities:
Operating lease liabilities, current | $ | 489,406
Operating lease liabilities, net of current | 52,449
Total lease liabilities | $ | 541,855 Lease
Terms and Discount Rate Weighted average remaining lease term (in years) – operating lease | 1.1
Weighted average discount rate – operating lease | 14 | % Cash
Flows Year ended December 31, 2019
Cash paid for amounts included in the measurement of lease liabilities:
Operating cash flows for operating leases | $ | 570,568 F- 39 ONDAS
HOLDINGS INC. NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Undiscounted
Cash Flows Future
lease payments included in the measurement of lease liabilities on the consolidated balance sheet as of December 31, 2019, as
follows: Years ending December 31,
2020 | $ | 531,166
2021 | 57,153
Thereafter | -
Total future minimum lease payments | 588,319
Lease imputed interest | ( 46,464 | )
Total | $ | 541,855 In
March 2019, one of our long-term operating leases was abandoned and the likelihood of entering into a sublease agreement for the
property was minimal; therefore, the Right to Use Asset value of $ 259,962 was considered impaired and the amount was charged to
asset impairment on the accompanying unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. Net
Loss Per Common Share Net
loss per share for all periods presented is based on the equity structure of the legal acquirer, which assumes common stock is
outstanding and is reflected on a retrospective basis for all periods presented. Basic net loss per share is computed by dividing
net loss by the weighted average shares of common stock outstanding for each period. Diluted net loss per share is the same as
basic net loss per share since the Company has net losses for each period presented. The
following potentially dilutive securities for the years ended December 31, 2019 and 2018 have been excluded from the computation
of diluted net loss per share because the effect of their inclusion would have been anti-dilutive. Years Ended December 31,
2019 | 2018
Warrants to purchase common stock | 4,771,417 | -
Options to purchase common stock | 675,000 | -
Restricted stock purchase offers | 383,478 | -
Convertible debt | - | 140,678
Total potentially dilutive securities | 5,829,895 | 140,678 Debt
Issuance Costs Debt
issuance costs represent costs incurred for the issuance of debt. Once the associated debt instrument is issued, these costs would
be recorded as a debt discount and amortized using the effective interest method over the term of the related debt instrument.
Upon abandonment of a pending financing transaction, the related deferred financing costs are charged to interest expense. Concentrations
of Credit Risk Financial
instruments that potentially subject us to concentrations of credit risk consist of cash and accounts receivable. Cash is deposited
with a limited number of financial institutions. The balances held at any one financial institution may be in excess of Federal
Deposit Insurance Corporation (FDIC) insurance limits. Credit
is extended to customers based on an evaluation of their financial condition and other factors. We generally do not require collateral
or other security to support accounts receivable. We perform ongoing credit evaluations of our customers and maintain an allowance
for doubtful accounts and sales credits. F- 40 ONDAS
HOLDINGS INC. NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Concentration
of Customers Because
we have only recently invested in our customer service and support organization, a small number of customers have accounted for
a substantial amount of our revenue. The
table below sets forth the Company’s customers that accounted for greater than 10 % of its revenues for the years ended December
31, 2019 and 2018, respectively: Years Ended December 31,
Customer | 2019 | 2018
A | 45 | % | 17 | %
B | 18 | % | 76 | %
C | 36 | % | 0 | % 100 %
of the Company’s accounts receivable balance at December 31, 2019 was held by a customer with less than 5 % of the Company’s revenue
for the year ended December 31, 2019. Recently
Adopted Accounting Pronouncements In
June 2018, the FASB issued ASU 2018-07, Compensation - Stock Compensation (Topic
718): Improvements to Nonemployee Share-Based Payment Accounting (“ASU 2018-07”). The amendments in ASU 2018-07
expand the scope of Topic 718 to include share-based payment transactions for acquiring goods and services from nonemployees.
ASU 2018-07 is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2018, and interim periods within those fiscal years. Early
adoption is permitted. The Company has elected to early adopt ASU 2018-07. The adoption of this pronouncement had no impact on
our accompanying consolidated financial statements. In
July 2017, the FASB issued ASU 2017-11 (“ASU 2017-11”), Earnings Per Share (“Topic 260”), Distinguishing
Liabilities from Equity (“Topic 480”), and Derivatives and Hedging (“Topic 815”). ASU 2017-11 is
intended to simplify the accounting for financial instruments with characteristics of liabilities and equity. Among the issues
addressed are: (i) determining whether an instrument (or embedded feature) is indexed to an entity’s own stock; (ii) distinguishing
liabilities from equity for mandatorily redeemable financial instruments of certain nonpublic entities; and (iii) identifying
mandatorily redeemable non-controlling interests. ASU 2017-11 was effective for the Company on January 1, 2019. There was no material
effect on the 2019 financial statements upon adoption. In
August 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-15, Statement of Cash Flows (Topic 230) (“ASU 2016-15”). ASU 2016-15 is
intended to reduce the diversity in practice regarding how certain transactions are classified within the statement of cash flows.
ASU 2016-15 is effective for public business entities for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2017, including interim
periods within those fiscal years. There was no material effect on the 2019 and 2018 financial statements upon adoption. F- 41 ONDAS
HOLDINGS INC. NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS In
February 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-02, Leases . This guidance requires lessees to record most leases on their balance
sheet while recognizing expenses on their income statements in a manner similar to current accounting. The guidance also eliminates
current real estate-specific provisions for all entities. For lessors, the guidance modifies the classification criteria and the
accounting for sales-type and direct financing leases. The standard is effective for public business entities for annual periods
beginning after December 15, 2018, and interim periods within those years. Early adoption is permitted for all entities. In July
2018, the FASB amended the new leases standard and issued ASU 2018-11, Leases, (Topic 842): Targeted Improvements to give entities
another option for transition and to provide lessors with practical expedient. We adopted ASU 2016-02 on January 1, 2019 utilizing
the alternative transition method allowed for under ASU 2018-11. Comparative financial information was not adjusted and will continue
to be reported under ASC 840. We also elected the transition relief package of practical expedients and as a result we did not
assess (1) whether existing or expired contracts contain leases, (2) lease classification for any existing or expired leases,
and (3) whether lease origination costs qualified as initial direct costs. We elected the short-term lease practical expedient
by establishing an accounting policy to exclude leases with a term of 12 month or less. We elected not to separate lease components
from non-lease components for our specified asset classes. Additionally, the adoption of the new standard resulted in increased
disclosure requirements in our quarterly and annual filings. In
May 2014, the FASB issued ASU 2014-09, Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606). The standard’s core principle is that
a company will recognize revenue when it transfers promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration
to which the company expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. In doing so, companies will need to use more
judgment and make more estimates than under previous guidance. These may include identifying performance obligations in the contract,
estimating the amount of variable consideration to include in the transaction price and allocating the transaction price to each
separate performance obligation. In July 2015, the FASB approved the proposal to defer the effective date of ASU 2014-09 standard
by one year. In 2016, the FASB issued final amendments to clarify the implementation guidance for principal versus agent considerations
(ASU 2016-08), accounting for licenses of intellectual property and identifying performance obligations (ASU 2016-10), narrow-scope
improvements and practical expedients (ASU 2016-12) and technical corrections and improvements to Topic 606 (ASU 2016-20) in its
new revenue standard. The guidance is effective for public entities for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15,
2017 and interim periods therein. Our services are performed over the term of our contracts and customers are billed for those
services as they are performed on a monthly basis. Revenue is recognized each month for the services that have been provided to
our customers. Additionally, we do not have significant exposure related to uncollectible accounts. We have performed a review
of the requirements of the new revenue standard and have performed our analysis of our customer contracts on a portfolio basis
(by each hospital group) utilizing the five-step model of the new standard. We have compared the results of our analysis to our
current accounting practices. We adopted Topic 606 on January 1, 2018 using the full retrospective transition method for recognizing
revenue. The adoption of Topic 606 represents a change in accounting principle that will more closely align revenue recognition
with the delivery of our services to our customers and will provide financial statement readers with enhanced disclosures. The
adoption of this standard did not have a material effect on the timing and recognition of revenue for the services provided to
our customers. F- 42 ONDAS
HOLDINGS INC. NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Recently
Issued Accounting Pronouncements In
December 2019, the FASB issued ASU 2019-12, Income Taxes (Topic 740): Simplifying the Accounting for Income Taxes ,
which removes certain exceptions for recognizing deferred taxes for investments, performing intraperiod tax allocation and calculating
income taxes in interim periods. ASU 2019-12 is applicable to all entities subject to income taxes. ASU 2019-12 provides guidance
to minimize complexity in certain areas by introducing a policy election to not allocate consolidated income taxes when a member
of a consolidated tax return is not subject to income tax and guides whether to relate a step-up tax basis to a business combination
or separate transaction. ASU 2019-12 changes the current guidance of making an intraperiod allocation, determining when a tax
liability is recognized after a foreign entity investor transitions to or from equity method of accounting, accounting for tax
law changes and year-to-date losses in interim periods, and determining how to apply income tax guidance to franchise taxes. The
amendments ASU 2019-12 are effective for all public business entities for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2020 and include
interim periods. The guidance is effective for all other entities for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2021 and for interim
periods beginning after December 15, 2022. Early adoption is permitted. The Company is evaluating impact on our accompanying consolidated
financial statements. In
November 2019, the FASB issued ASU 2019-11, Codification Improvements to Topic 326, Financial Instruments-Credit Losses, which amends certain aspects of the Board’s new credit loss standard (ASC 326). ASU 2019-11 is applicable to companies that hold
financial assets in the scope of the credit losses standard. FASB permits to include the following in estimate if expected credit
losses: expected recoveries of financial assets previously written off and expected recoveries of financial assets with credit
deterioration. The scope of guidance related to expected recoveries includes purchased financial assets with credit deterioration.
ASU 2019-11 permits entities to record negative allowance when measuring expected credit losses for a purchased credit deteriorated
financial asset and expected recoveries cannot exceed the aggregate amount previously written off or expected to be written off.
When discounted cash flow method is not being used to estimate expected credit losses, expected recoveries cannot include any
amounts in an acceleration of the noncredit discount. An entity may include increases in expected cash flows after acquisition.
Early adoption is not permitted. The Company is evaluating impact on our accompanying consolidated financial statements. F- 43 ONDAS
HOLDINGS INC. NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS In
August 2018, the FASB, issued ASU, 2018-13 that eliminates certain disclosure requirements for fair value measurements for all
entities, requires public entities to disclose certain new information and modifies some disclosure requirements. The FASB developed
the amendments to ASC 820 as part of its broader disclosure framework project, which aims to improve the effectiveness of disclosures
in the notes to financial statements by focusing on requirements that clearly communicate the most important information to users
of the financial statements. The new guidance is effective for all entities for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2019
and for interim periods within those fiscal years. An entity is permitted to early adopt either the entire standard or only the
provisions that eliminate or modify requirements. We are currently evaluating the effect of this guidance on our disclosures. NOTE
3 – OTHER CURRENT ASSETS Other
current assets consist of the following: Years Ended December 31,
2019 | 2018
Advances for raw material purchases | $ | 450,691 | $ | -
Other prepaid expenses | 105,013 | 40,654
Prepaid insurance | 85,201 | 102,743
Prepaid marketing costs | 31,579 | 125,525
Deposits | 28,115 | 31,965
Miscellaneous receivables | - | 44,294
Prepaid financing costs | - | 188,300
Total other current assets | $ | 700,599 | $ | 533,481 F- 44 ONDAS
HOLDINGS INC. NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS NOTE
4 – PROPERTY AND EQUIPMENT Property
and equipment consist of the following: Years Ended December 31,
2019 | 2018
Leasehold improvements | $ | 58,613 | $ | 256,920
Vehicle | 149,916 | 143,560
Furniture and fixtures | 93,464 | 132,088
Test equipment | 20,493 | -
Computer equipment | 109,509 | 87,087
Software | 67,287 | 61,287
499,282 | 680,942
Less: accumulated depreciation | ( 247,036 | ) | ( 178,796 | )
Total property and equipment | $ | 252,246 | $ | 502,146 Depreciation
expense for the years ended December 31, 2019 and 2018 was $ 143,459 and $ 54,946 , respectively. NOTE
5 – INTANGIBLE ASSETS Our
intangible assets include patent costs totaling $ 127,593 less amortization of patent costs of $ 1,249 at December 31, 2019. Our
intangible assets include patent costs totaling $ 53,482 less amortization of patent costs of $ 194 at December 31, 2018. Estimated
amortization expense for the next five years for the patent cost currently being amortized is as follows: Year Ending December 31, | Estimated Amortization
2020 | $ | 1,252
2021 | $ | 1,252
2022 | $ | 1,252
2023 | $ | 1,252
2024 | $ | 1,252 F- 45 ONDAS
HOLDINGS INC. NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS NOTE
6 – ACCRUED EXPENSES AND OTHER CURRENT LIABILITIES Accrued
expenses and other current liabilities consist of the following: Years Ended December 31,
2019 | 2018
Accrued payroll and other benefits | $ | 2,094,536 | $ | 1,659,577
Accrued interest | 437,569 | 138,605
Deferred revenue | 378,850 | 20,631
Accrued professional fees | 104,602 | 126,384
Other accrued expenses | 67,848 | -
D&O insurance financing payable | 33,660 | 52,530
Accrued rent and facilities costs | 24,584 | 160,544
Accrued travel and entertainment | - | 30,000
Total accrued expenses and other current liabilities | $ | 3,141,649 | $ | 2,188,271 NOTE
7 – NOTES PAYABLE AND OTHER FINANCING AGREEMENTS July
31, 2019 Amendment In
August 2019, effective as of July 31, 2019, the Company and certain lenders entered into amendments to their respective debt agreements
and promissory notes (the “July 31, 2019 Amendment”) wherein one lender extended the maturity date on its loan to September
30, 2021 (the “September 2021 Extended Lender”) (described more fully below), and the remaining lenders extended the
maturity date of their loans to October 31, 2019. In addition to extending the maturity dates of the instruments to October 31,
2019, the lenders agreed that if the Company completes an equity offering of not less than $ 8,000,000 (subsequently reduced to
$ 5,000,000 effective on September 6, 2019) on or before the maturity date, at or at less than a specified offering price per security,
the lenders shall extinguish their indebtedness in exchange for securities of the Company upon the same terms and conditions of
the investors in such equity offering, provided Energy Capital LLC (“Energy Capital”) participates in an extinguishment
of all the indebtedness owed to it under the Energy Capital Loan and Security Agreement (See NOTE 8 for further details) in such
equity offering. Loan
Agreements In
October 2007, Ondas Networks entered into a 6 % per annum loan agreement, as amended, with a lender in the amount of $ 550,000 in
connection with the issuance of common stock of Ondas Networks (the “October 2007 Loan”); however, the October 2007
Loan was not memorialized. The October 2007 Loan has been amended several times through June 30, 2019 (the “Amended October
2007 Loan”). Effective July 31, 2019, Ondas Networks further amended the Amended October 2007 Loan, as described above under
the July 31, 2019 Amendment. On September 27, 2019, the lender exchanged $ 610,346 of principal and interest for 244,139 Units
(see NOTE 9 for additional details). Pursuant to the terms of the July 31, 2019 Amendment, the outstanding principal and interest
at September 27, 2019 was extinguished. The outstanding principal balance of the Amended October 2007 Loan at December 31, 2018
was $ 567,310 . On
December 31, 2013, Ondas Networks entered into a 10 % per annum Promissory Note, as amended, with a lender in the amount of $ 250,000 ,
of which $ 25,000 was repaid in February 2015 (the “December 2013 Note”). The original maturity of the December 2013
Note was December 31, 2014. On November 1, 2014, Ondas Networks entered into a Loan Agreement, as amended, with the Lender in
the amount of $ 210,000 . (the “November 2014 Loan”). The original maturity of the November 2014 Loan was March 16, 2015.
The December 2013 Note and the November 2014 Loan have been amended several times and a portion of each note has been assigned
through June 30, 2019 (the “Amended December 2013 Note” and Amended November 2014 Loan”, respectively). Effective
July 31, 2019, Ondas Networks further amended the Amended December 2013 Note and Amended November 2014 Loan, as described above
under the July 31, 2019 Amendment. On September 27, 2019, the lenders exchanged $ 586,181 of principal and interest for 234,473 Units (see NOTE 9 for additional details). Pursuant to the terms of the July 31, 2019 Amendment, the outstanding principal and
interest at September 27, 2019 was extinguished. The outstanding principal balance of the Amended December 2013 Note and the Amended
November 2014 Loan at December 31, 2018 was $ 285,679 and $ 259,170 , respectively. F- 46 ONDAS
HOLDINGS INC. NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS On
April 1, 2015, Ondas Networks entered into a 10 % per annum Loan Agreement, as amended, with two individuals in the amount of $ 50,000 (the “April 2015 Note”). The original maturity of the April 2015 Note was July 1, 2015. The April 2015 Note has been
amended several times through June 30, 2019 (the “Amended April 2015 Note”). Effective July 31, 2019, Ondas Networks
further amended the Amended April 2015 Note, as described above under the July 31, 2019 Amendment. On September 27, 2019, the
lender exchanged $ 71,556 of principal and interest for 28,623 Units (see NOTE 9 for additional details). Pursuant to the terms
of the July 31, 2019 Amendment, the outstanding principal and interest at September 27, 2019 was extinguished. The outstanding
principal balance of the April 2015 Note at December 31, 2018 was $ 66,511 . Financing
Agreement On
November 3, 2016, Ondas Networks entered into a Purchase Order Financing Agreement with an accompanying 20 % per annum Promissory
Note, as amended, with an individual in the amount of $ 250,000 (the “November 2016 Note”). The original maturity of
the November 2016 Note was the earlier of the payment of the purchase order for which the loan was advanced or 180 days after
issuance. On December 20, 2016, Ondas Networks entered into a second Purchase Order Financing Agreement with an accompanying 10 %
per annum Promissory Note, as amended, with the same individual in the amount of $ 100,000 (the “December 2016 Note”).
The original maturity of the December 2016 Note was the earlier of the payment of the purchase order for which the loan was advanced
or 180 days after issuance. The November 2016 Note and the December 2016 Note have been amended several times through June 30,
2019 (the “Amended November 2016 Note” and Amended December 2016 Note”, respectively). Effective July 31, 2019,
Ondas Networks further amended the Amended November 2016 Note and Amended December 2016 Note, as described above under the July
31, 2019 Amendment. On September 27, 2019, the lender exchanged $ 433,131 of principal and interest for 173,252 Units (see NOTE
9 for additional details). Pursuant to the terms of the July 31, 2019, Amendment the outstanding principal and interest at September
27, 2019 was extinguished. The outstanding principal balance of the Amended November 2016 and Amended December 2016 Note at December
31, 2018 was $ 319,530 and $ 113,601 , respectively. On
February 28, 2014, Ondas Networks entered into a Purchase Order Financing Agreement (the “Financing Agreement”) with
a lender. Interest on the Financing Agreement accrued at 30% per annum for the first 104 days and at 51% per annum thereafter. Between June 2014 and January 2015, Ondas Networks received an aggregate of $ 660,000 of which $ 285,000 was repaid. The Financing
Agreement has been amended several times through June 30, 2019 (the “Amended Financing Agreement”). Effective July 31,
2019, Ondas Networks further amended the Amended Financing Agreement, as described above under the July 31, 2019 Amendment. On
September 27, 2019, the lender exchanged $ 1,030,593 of principal and interest for 412,238 Units (see NOTE 9 for additional details).
Pursuant to the terms of the July 31, 2019 Amendment, the outstanding principal and interest at September 27, 2019 was extinguished.
The outstanding principal balance of the Amended Financing Agreement at December 31, 2018 was $ 957,925 . Promissory
Notes On
December 14, 2015, Ondas Networks approved a private placement offering (“Private Placement”) seeking to sell to investors
certain 10% promissory notes in the aggregate face amount of $750,000, which amount was later increased to $1,250,000, with a
term of 18 months (“Private Placement Notes”). In connection with the Private Placement Notes, each investor (the “Private
Placement Noteholders”) received warrants to purchase shares of common stock of Ondas Networks (“Private Placement Warrants”),
equal to 25% of the principal amount of the Private Placement Notes, exercisable at the lower of (i) $2.00 per share or (ii) 40%
of the selling price of Ondas Networks’ shares in its proposed initial public offering. In
December 2015, pursuant to the terms of security purchase agreements entered into in connection with the Private Placement, Ondas
Networks completed the sale of an aggregate of $ 325,000 in Private Placement Notes to Private Placement Noteholders, of which
$ 25,000 was repaid during 2017, and issued them Private Placement Warrants to purchase an aggregate of 81,250 shares of common
stock of Ondas Networks, with a term of ten years, at an exercise price of $ 2.00 and a fair value of $ 63,398 . Between February
and July 2016, pursuant to the terms of such security purchase agreements, Ondas Networks completed the sale of an aggregate of
$ 925,000 in Private Placement Notes to Private Placement Noteholders and issued them Private Placement Warrants to purchase an
aggregate of 231,250 shares of Ondas Networks common stock, with a term of ten years, at an exercise price of $ 2.00 and a fair
value of $ 168,678 . As of January 1, 2018, the Private Placement Warrants for the 312,500 shares of Ondas Networks common stock
were surrendered to Ondas Networks in exchange for participation in a private placement of Ondas Networks’ shares dated April
13, 2018. F- 47 ONDAS
HOLDINGS INC. NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS The
Private Placement Notes have been amended several times through June 30, 2019 (the “Amended Private Placement Notes”).
Effective July 31, 2019, Ondas Networks further amended the Amended Private Placement Notes, wherein (i) the September 2021 Extended
Lender agreed to transfer all accrued and unpaid interest through July 31, 2019 in the amount of $ 1,983 to principal, to extend
the maturity date to September 30, 2021, and to accrue interest from the date of the extension to the maturity date and (ii) all
other lender agreements were amended as described above under the July 31, 2019 Amendment. On September 27, 2019, the lenders,
excluding the September 2021 Extended Lender, exchanged $ 1,201,960 of principal and interest for 480,786 Units (see NOTE 9 for
additional details). Pursuant to the terms of the July 31, 2019 Amendment, the outstanding principal and interest at September
27, 2019 was extinguished. The aggregate outstanding principal balance of the Amended Private Placement Notes at December 31,
2019 and 2018 was $ 239,921 and $ 1,343,682 , respectively. Convertible
Promissory Notes During
2017, Ondas Networks and certain entities and individuals entered into convertible promissory notes defined herein as (i) notes
with mutual conversion preferences (“Group 1 Notes”) and (ii) notes with unilateral conversion preferences (“Group
2 Notes”). On
July 11, 2018, the Ondas Networks board of directors approved certain changes to the outstanding convertible promissory notes.
The action approved changes to the Group 2 Notes to match the Group 1 Notes and authorized the issuance of a Security Holder Consent
Agreement wherein each holder of a Group 2 Note would agree to the change. The changes modified the conversion option for the
Group 2 Notes which resulted in a loss on extinguishment of debt in the amount of $ 44,348 and caused the derivative liability
related to the Group 2 Notes to cease to exist and be classified as additional paid in capital at its fair value on July 11, 2018
in the amount of $ 1,141,995 . On
September 28, 2018, in conjunction with the Merger Agreement discussed in NOTE 1, the holders of Group 1 Notes and all but one
holder of Group 2 Notes converted their outstanding convertible promissory notes into an aggregate of 2,017,402 Company Shares.
At both December 31, 2019 and 2018, the total outstanding balance of the remaining convertible promissory note (the “Note”)
was $ 300,000 . The maturity date of the Note is based on the payment of 0.6% of quarterly gross revenue until 1.5 times the amount
of the Note is paid. On September 27, 2019, the holder of the Note was granted a warrant to purchase 140,678 shares of common
stock of the Company. The fair value of this warrant was recorded as financing costs on the accompanying condensed consolidated
financial statements. See NOTE 9 for further details. Notes
payable and other financing consists of: Years Ended December 31,
2019 | 2018
Short Term:
Loan Agreements | $ | - | $ | 1,178,670
Financing Agreement | - | 1,360,516
Promissory Notes | - | 1,343,682
$ | - | $ | 3,882,868
Long Term:
Promissory Note | $ | 239,921 | $ | -
Convertible Promissory Note | 300,000 | 300,000
$ | 539,921 | $ | 300,000 F- 48 ONDAS
HOLDINGS INC. NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS NOTE
8 – SECURED PROMISSORY NOTES Steward
Capital Holdings LP On
March 9, 2018, we entered into a loan and security agreement (the “Agreement”) with Steward Capital Holdings LP (the
“Steward Capital”) wherein Steward Capital made available to us a loan in the aggregate principal amount of up to $ 10,000,000 (the “Loan”). On March 9, 2018, the Company and Steward Capital, pursuant to the Agreement, entered into a Secured Term
Promissory Note for $ 5,000,000 , having a maturity date of September 9, 2019 (“Tranche A”). The Note bears interest at
a per annum rate equal to the greater of (a) 11.25% or (b) 11.25% plus the Prime Rate, less, 3.25%. The Agreement also includes
payments of $ 25,000 in loan commitment fees and $ 100,000 (1%) of the funding in loan facility charges. The loan commitment fees
and $ 50,000 in loan facility charges associated with Tranche A were recorded as debt discount and amortized over the life of the
loan. There is also an end of term charge of $ 250,000 . The end of term charge is being recorded as accreted costs over the term
of the loan. The Note is secured by substantially all of the assets of the Company. On
October 9, 2018, the Company and Steward Capital, pursuant to the Agreement, entered into a second Secured Term Promissory Note
for $ 5,000,000 having a maturity date of April 9, 2020 (the “Second Note”) to complete the Agreement for $ 10,000,000 .
The Second Note bears interest at a per annum rate equal to the greater of (a) 11.25% or (b) 11.25% plus the Prime Rate, less,
3.25%. Pursuant to the terms of the Agreement, the Company is required to pay a $ 50,000 loan facility charge. On
June 18, 2019, the Company and Steward Capital entered into a letter of agreement to amend the Loan and Security Agreement (the
“First Amendment”) to (i) extend and amend the Maturity Date, as defined in Section 1.1 of the Agreement, to read in
its entirety “means September 9, 2020”; (ii) waive the repayment requirement to Steward Capital under Section 2.3 of
the Agreement, in connection with the then proposed public offering of the Company as described in the Company’s Registration
Statement on Form S-1, as amended, originally filed on April 12, 2019, and (iii) waive the restriction by Steward Capital on the
prepayment of Indebtedness under Section 7.4 of the Agreement. In connection with the waivers, extension and amendment, the Company
agreed to pay to Steward Capital, upon the earlier of (a) the completion of the public offering as set forth in Section 2.3 of
the Agreement and (b) ten (10) days following the Company’s receipt of Steward’s written demand therefor, a fee equal to three
percent (3%) of the current outstanding principal balance of the Loan (as defined in the Agreement), neither of which have occurred
at the time of this filing. The Company concluded that the modifications created by the First Amendment resulted in a troubled
debt restructuring under Accounting Standard Codification—Debt (Topic 470) as it was determined that a concession was granted
by Steward Capital. However, as the future payments to be made subsequent to the modification are greater than the carrying value
at the time of the modification, no gain or loss was required to be recognized on the troubled debt restructuring. As the difference
between the effective interest rate method and the straight-line method is deemed immaterial, the Company will continue to amortize
the deferred loan costs using the straight-line method over the remaining term of the Loan. On
October 28, 2019, Company and Steward Capital entered into a letter of agreement (the “Second Amendment”) to amend the
Agreement, as amended wherein the parties agreed to (i) extend and amend the due date for all accrued and unpaid interest starting
September 2, 2019 to the Maturity Date (September 9, 2020) and (ii) extend and amend the due date for the 3% fee payable to Steward
Capital in connection with the amendment and waiver dated June 2019 to be payable on the Maturity Date. Also in connection with
the extensions and amendments the Company issued Steward Capital 120,000 shares of the Company’s common stock valued at $ 300,000 on December 15, 2019. The value was recorded as debt discount and amortized over the life of the loan. The Company concluded that
the modifications created by the Second Amendment resulted in a troubled debt restructuring under Accounting Standard Codification—Debt
(Topic 470) as it was determined that a concession was granted by Steward Capital. However, as the future payments to be made
subsequent to the modification are greater than the carrying value at the time of the modification, no gain or loss was required
to be recognized on the troubled debt restructuring. As the difference between the effective interest rate method and the straight-line
method is deemed immaterial, the Company will continue to amortize the deferred loan costs using the straight-line method over
the remaining term of the Loan.\ The
Agreement also contains covenants which included certain restrictions with respect to subsequent indebtedness, liens, loans and
investments, asset sales and share repurchases and other restricted payments, subject to certain exceptions. The Agreement also
contained financial reporting obligations. An event of default under the Agreement includes, but is not limited to, breach of
covenants, insolvency, and occurrence of any default under any agreement or obligation of the Company. In addition, the Agreement
contained a customary material adverse effect clause which states that in the event of a material adverse effect, an event of
default would occur, and the lender has the option to accelerate and demand payment of all or any part of the loan. A material
adverse effect is defined in the Agreement as a material change in our business, operations, properties, assets or financial condition
or a material impairment of its ability to perform all obligations under its Agreement. As
of December 31, 2019, the principal balance was $ 10,000,000 , net of debt discount of $ 252,933 and accreted cost of $ 359,828 and
accrued interest was $ 437,569 . F- 49 ONDAS
HOLDINGS INC. NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Energy
Capital, LLC On
October 1, 2018, we entered into a loan and security agreement (the “ Loan and Security Agreement”) with Energy Capital, LLC (“Energy Capital”) wherein
Energy Capital made available to us an aggregate principal amount of up to $10,000,000 (the “Loan”). Between January
29 and August 13, 2019, the Company and Energy Capital entered into a series of secured term promissory notes (the “Promissory
Notes”) for an aggregate of $10,000,000. The advance proceeds were utilized primarily
for operating capital and inventory. The principal amount outstanding under the Promissory Notes bear interest at a per
annum rate equal to the greater of (a) 11.25% or (b) 11.25% plus the Prime Rate (as published by the Wall Street Journal (National
Edition)), less 3.25%. The Promissory Notes contain customary events of default and affirmative and negative covenants for transactions
of this nature. Upon an event of default, Energy Capital has the right to require the Company to prepay the outstanding principal
amount of the Promissory Notes plus all accrued and unpaid interest. All amounts outstanding under the Promissory Notes are secured
by a lien on the Company’s assets, subject to terms of outstanding debt obligations, and become due and payable on the earlier
to occur of September 30, 2019 or the completion by the Company of a capital raise with
minimum proceeds to the Company of $20 million. On April 2, 2019, the Company and Energy Capital entered into a First Amendment
to Loan and Security Agreement (the “First Amendment”) to (i) amend the notice provisions of an Advance Request under
the Loan Agreement from at least five (5) business days to at least one (1) business day before the Advance Date, (ii) increase
the amount of the Advance from up to $1,000,000 a month to up to $1,500,000 a month, and (iii) change the definition of the term
Maturity Date from the earlier of September 30, 2019 or 10 business days following the date of an Underwritten Public Offering
to September 30, 2020. The Promissory Notes, with an aggregate of $10,563,104 principal and interest outstanding, were converted
into 4,225,242 Units (see NOTE 9 for additional details), and the debt owed under the Promissory Notes was extinguished. As a
result, the Promissory Notes terminated pursuant to their terms. NOTE
9 – STOCKHOLDERS’ EQUITY Preferred
Stock At
December 31, 2019, the Company had 10,000,000 shares of Preferred Stock, par value $ 0.0001 , authorized for issuance, of which
no shares of preferred stock were issued or outstanding. Common
Stock At
December 31, 2019, the Company had 350,000,000 shares of Common Stock, par value $ 0.0001 (the “Common Stock”) authorized
for issuance, of which 59,268,085 shares of our Common Stock were issued and outstanding. Securities
Purchase Agreement On
September 27, 2019, Ondas Holdings entered into a securities purchase agreement (the “Purchase Agreement”) with certain
purchasers (the “Investors”), which provided for the sale of up to $ 12,500,000 of Units (including an over-allotment
option exercisable by the placement agent for the Company to sell up to an additional $ 2,500,000 of Units) at a cash purchase
price of $ 2.50 per Unit (the “Offering”). Each Unit consists of one share of Common Stock and one-half of one warrant
to purchase one share of Common Stock at an exercise price of $3.25 per share for a period commencing six months and ending 36
months after the closing date (the “Investor Warrants”). On
September 27, 2019 (the “Initial Closing Date”), pursuant to the Purchase Agreement, the Company issued an aggregate
of 2,426,000 Units to the Investors (the “Initial Closing”). In connection with the Initial Closing, Eric Brock, the
Company’s Chief Executive Officer, purchased 400,000 Units totaling $ 1,000,000 . The aggregate gross proceeds to the Company from
the Initial Closing was $ 6,065,000 . F- 50 ONDAS
HOLDINGS INC. NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS On
October 30, 2019 (the “Second Closing Date”), pursuant to the Purchase Agreement, the Company issued an aggregate of 206,000 Units to the Investors (the “Second Closing”). The aggregate gross proceeds to the Company from the Second Closing
was $ 515,000 . On
November 27, 2019 (the “Third Closing Date”), pursuant to the Purchase Agreement, the Company issued an aggregate of 253,600 Units to the Investors (the “Third Closing”). The aggregate gross proceeds to the Company from the Third Closing
was $ 634,000 . The
table below details the net proceeds of the Offering. Gross Proceeds:
Initial Closing | $ | 6,065,000
Second Closing | 515,000
Third Closing | 634,000
7,214,000
Offering Costs:
Placement Agent fees | ( 721,400 | )
Other offering costs | ( 382,878 | )
Net Proceeds | $ | 6,109,722 Pursuant
to the Purchase Agreement, the Company has agreed to indemnify the Investors for liabilities arising out of or relating to (i)
any breach of any of the representations, warranties, covenants or agreements made by the Company or its subsidiary in the Purchase
Agreement or related documents or (ii) any action instituted against an Investor with respect to the Offering, subject to certain
exceptions. The Purchase Agreement also contains customary representations and warranties and covenants of the Company and was
subject to customary closing conditions. In
addition, on the Initial Closing Date, the Company entered into a registration rights agreement (the “Registration Rights
Agreement”) with the Investors, pursuant to which the Company agreed to register for resale by the Investors the shares of
Common Stock and the shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of the Investor Warrants purchased by the Investors pursuant
to the Purchase Agreement. The Company previously committed to file the registration statement no later than October 27, 2019,
however it filed the registration statement December 5, 2019. The Registration Rights Agreement provides for liquidated damages
upon the occurrence of certain events, including the Company’s failure to file the registration statement by the deadline set
forth above. The amount of liquidated damages payable to an Investor is 1.0% of the aggregate amount invested by such Investor
for each 30-day period, or pro rata portion thereof, during which the default continues. To date the Company has paid $60,650
and accrued $19,053 in liquidated damages. Also, in connection with the Offering, the Company’s executive officers and directors
entered into lock-up agreements with the Placement Agent (as defined below) that restrict their ability to sell or transfer their
shares for a period of 180 days after the Initial Closing Date (the “Lock-Up Agreement”). National
Securities Corporation, a wholly owned subsidiary of National Holdings, Inc., acted as placement agent (the “Placement Agent”)
in the Offering. As detailed above, the Placement Agent received an aggregate cash fee of $ 721,400 , or 10.0 % of the gross proceeds
raised in connection with the Offering, reimbursement of transaction expenses of $ 40,000 (included in Other offering costs above),
and warrants to purchase an aggregate of 288,560 shares of Common Stock at an exercise price equal to $ 3.25 per share (the “Placement
Agent Warrants”). The Placement Agent Warrants are exercisable for a period commencing six months and ending 36 months after
the Initial Closing Date. F- 51 ONDAS
HOLDINGS INC. NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS The
Units were offered and sold exclusively to accredited investors, and the Placement Agent Warrants were offered and sold to the
Placement Agent, in a transaction exempt from registration under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities
Act”), as a transaction not involving a public offering, pursuant to Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act and Rule 506 of
Regulation D promulgated thereunder. The Investors and the Placement Agent represented their intentions to acquire the securities
for investment only and not with a view to or for sale in connection with any distribution thereof, and appropriate legends were
placed upon the stock certificates, Investor Warrants and Placement Agent Warrants issued in the transaction. The offer and sale
of the securities were made without any general solicitation or advertising. Conversion
of Notes Payable and Other Financing Agreements In
connection with the Initial Closing, on the Initial Closing Date, the notes payable and other financing agreements (the “Debt
Obligations”) (see NOTE 7 for further details), with an aggregate of $ 3,933,767 principal and interest outstanding, were
converted into an aggregate of 1,573,511 Units. Conversion
of Loan and Security Agreement with Energy Capital, LLC In
connection with the Initial Closing, on the Initial Closing Date, the Loan and Security Agreement by and between the Company and
Energy Capital, a greater than five percent stockholder of the Company, with an aggregate of $ 10,563,104 principal and interest
outstanding, was converted into of 4,225,242 Units. Issuance
of Common Stock On
December 15, 2019, the Company issued 120,000 shares of its common stock to Steward Capital in conjunction with an amendment to
loan and security agreement (See NOTE 8 for further details). Warrants
to Purchase Common Stock We
use the Black-Scholes-Merton option pricing model (“Black-Scholes Model”) to determine the fair value of warrants to
purchase Common Stock of the Company (“Warrants”). The Black-Scholes Model is an acceptable model in accordance with
the GAAP. The Black-Scholes Model requires the use of a number of assumptions including volatility of the stock price, the weighted
average risk-free interest rate, and the weighted average term of the Warrant. The
risk-free interest rate assumption is based upon observed interest rates on zero coupon U.S. Treasury bonds whose maturity period
is appropriate for the term of the Warrants. Estimated volatility is a measure of the amount by which our stock price is expected
to fluctuate each year during the expected life of the award. Our estimated volatility is an average of the historical volatility
of peer entities whose stock prices were publicly available over a period equal to the expected life of the awards. We used the
historical volatility of peer entities due to the lack of sufficient historical data of our stock price. As
of December 31, 2019, we had Warrants outstanding to purchase an aggregate of 4,771,417 shares of Common Stock with a weighted-average
contractual remaining life of approximately 2.8 years, and exercise prices ranging from $ 0.01 to $ 3.25 per share, resulting in
a weighted average exercise price of $ 3.15 per share. At December 31, 2019, no warrants were exercised. On
September 27, 2019, we granted an aggregate of 4,495,657 3 -year Warrants to participants in our Securities Purchase Agreement
(see above for further details). The Warrants vested on the date of the grant and had a grant date fair value of $ 0.33 per share.
Also, on September 27, 2019, we granted a Warrant to an individual lender for the purchase of an aggregate of 140,678 shares of
Common Stock (see NOTE 7 for further details). The Warrant vested on the date of the grant, expires on September 26, 2024 and
has a grant date fair value of $ 2.49 per share. F- 52 ONDAS
HOLDINGS INC. NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS On
October 30, 2019, we granted an aggregate of 123,600 3 -year Warrants to participants in our Securities Purchase Agreement (see
above for further details). The Warrants vested on the date of the grant and had a grant date fair value of $ 0.35 per share. On
November 27, 2019, we granted an aggregate of 152,160 3 -year Warrants to participants in our Securities Purchase Agreement (see
above for further details). The Warrants vested on the date of the grant and had a grant date fair value of $ 0.34 per share. The
assumptions used in the Black-Scholes Model are set forth in the table below. Stock price | $ | 2.50
Risk-free interest rate | 1.58 - 1.63 | %
Volatility | 38.50 - 39.57 | %
Expected life in years | 3 - 5
Dividend yield | 0.00 | % Equity
Incentive Plan In
connection with the Closing, our board of directors (the “Board”) approved, and our stockholders adopted, the 2018 Equity
Incentive Plan (the “2018 Plan”) pursuant to which 10 million shares of our Common Stock has been reserved for issuance
to employees, including officers, directors and consultants. The 2018 Plan shall be administered by the Board, provided however,
that the Board may delegate such administration to the compensation committee (the “Committee”). Subject to the provisions
of the 2018 Plan, the Board and/or the Committee shall have authority to grant, in its discretion, incentive stock options, or
non-statutory options, stock awards or restricted stock purchase offers (“Equity Awards”). In
August 2019, pursuant to the terms of Severance Agreements, 675,000 incentive stock options with deferred distribution were promised
to two former employees of the Company pursuant to the 2018 Plan (both employees participated in the restricted stock purchase
offers (“RSUs”) discussed below). For the year ended December 31, 2019, $ 435,312 in related stock compensation expense
has been recorded and is included in the accompanying consolidated financial statements. During
2018, the Company entered into an agreement wherein 378,478 RSUs with deferred distribution were promised to a consultant for
the Company pursuant to the 2018 Plan. For the year ended December 31, 2019, $ 50,599 in related stock compensation expense has
been recorded and is included in the accompanying consolidated financial statements. The Company has not yet executed the RSU
agreement with the consultant. Also during 2018, the Company entered into agreements where an aggregate of 408,478 RSUs pursuant
to the 2018 Plan were promised to employees for services provided during 2019. In August 2019, certain employees were terminated
and, in accordance with their separation agreements, any liabilities related to their promised RSUs were eliminated. Accordingly,
the Company has recorded expense of $ 71,789 for the year ended December 31, 2019, with respect to such awards which is included
in the accompanying consolidated financial statements. The Company has not yet executed RSU agreements with the remaining employees.
The total amount of non-vested restricted units awarded as of December 31, 2019 is $ 143,804 shares. The weighted average grant-date
fair value for the restricted stock awards is $ 0.25 . The weighted average vesting period of the restricted stock awards is 2.0 years. As of December 31, 2019, unrecognized compensation expense related to the unvested portion of the Company’s restricted
stock awards was $ 42,759 , which is expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of 0.75 years. F- 53 ONDAS
HOLDINGS INC. NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS The
Company recognizes stock compensation expense generally upon the grant date and over the period of vesting or period that services
will be provided. Compensation associated with shares issued or to be issued to consultants and other non-employees is recognized
over the expected service period beginning on the measurement date which is generally the time the Company and the service provider
enter into a commitment whereby the Company agrees to grant shares in exchange for the services to be provided. As
of December 31, 2019, the Board has not approved the grant of any Equity Awards under the 2018 Plan. NOTE
10 – INCOME TAXES The
tax effects of temporary differences that give rise to significant portions of the deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities
are as follows: Years Ended December 31,
2019 | 2018
Deferred Tax Assets:
Tax benefit of net operating loss carry-forward | $ | 11,828,268 | $ | 6,465,826
Depreciation and amortization | 27,949 | ( 5,102 | )
Accrued liabilities | 360,204 | 261,876
Stock based compensation | 34,493 | -
Interest Expense | - | 740,285
R&D Credit | 851,413 | 393,165
Total deferred tax assets | 13,102,327 | 7,856,050
Valuation allowance for deferred tax assets | ( 13,102,327 | ) | ( 7,856,050 | )
Deferred tax assets, net of valuation allowance | $ | - | $ | - The
change in the Company’s valuation allowance is as follows: Years Ended December 31,
2019 | 2018
Beginning of the year | $ | 7,856,050 | $ | 4,726,411
Change in valuation account | 5,246,277 | 3,129,639
End of the year | $ | 13,102,327 | $ | 7,856,050 F- 54 ONDAS
HOLDINGS INC. NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS A
reconciliation of the provision for income taxes with the amounts computed by applying the Federal income tax rate to income from
operations before the provision for income taxes is as follows: Years Ended December 31,
2019 | 2018
U.S. federal statutory rate | ( 21.0 | )% | ( 21.0 | )%
Federal true ups | 0.8 | %
State taxes, net of federal benefit | ( 6.2 | )% | ( 6.9 | )%
Share-based compensation | - | % | - | %
Effect of U.S. tax law change | - | % | - | %
Change in valuation allowance | 27.1 | % | 25.8 | %
Nondeductible expenses | 0.5 | % | 2.0 | %
R&D credit | ( 2.4 | )% | ( 3.2 | )%
Stock Options | - | % | 3.3 | %
Foreign rate differential | ( 0.2 | )%
China liquidation | 1.4 | %
Effective income tax rate | - | % | - | % In
assessing the realizability of deferred tax assets, including the net operating loss carryforwards (NOLs), the Company assesses
the available positive and negative evidence to estimate if sufficient future taxable income will be generated to utilize its
existing deferred tax assets. The ultimate realization of deferred tax assets is dependent upon the generation of future taxable
income during the period when those temporary differences become deductible. Based on its assessment, the Company has provided
a full valuation allowance against its net deferred tax assets as their future utilization remains uncertain at this time. As
of December 31, 2019 and 2018, the Company had approximately $ 42 million and $ 23 million respectively of Federal and state NOLs
available to offset future taxable income with $23 million expiring from 2030 through 2037 while the Federal NOL of $17 Million
generated in 2019 has no expiration. As of December 31, 2019 and 2018, the Company had approximately $ 851,000 and $ 393,000 , respectively
of Federal research and development credits available to offset future tax liability expiring from 2030 through 2039. In accordance
with Section 382 of the Internal Revenue code, the usage of the Company’s Federal Carryforwards could be limited in the event
of a change in ownership. As of December 31, 2019 the company has not completed an analysis as to whether or not an ownership
change has occurred. The
Company applies the FASB’s provisions for uncertain tax positions. The Company utilizes the two-step process to determine the
amount of recognized tax benefit. For tax positions meeting the more-likely-than-not threshold, the amount recognized in the consolidated
financial statements is the largest benefit that has a greater than 50% likelihood of being realized upon ultimate settlement
with the relevant tax authority. The Company recognizes interest and penalties associated with uncertain tax positions as a component
of income tax expense. As
of December 31, 2019, management does not believe the Company has any material uncertain tax positions that would require it to
measure and reflect the potential lack of sustainability of a position on audit in its financial statements. The Company will
continue to evaluate its uncertain tax positions in future periods to determine if measurement and recognition in its financial
statements is necessary. The Company does not believe there will be any material changes in its unrecognized tax positions over
the next year. F- 55 ONDAS
HOLDINGS INC. NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS On
December 22, 2017, the U.S. Tax Cuts and Jobs Act (“Tax Cuts and Jobs Act”) was enacted which contained substantial
changes to the Code, some of which could have an adverse effect on our business. Among other things, the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act
(i) reduces the U.S. corporate income tax rate from 35% to 21% beginning in 2018, (ii) generally will limit annual deductions
for net interest expense to no more than 30% of our “adjusted taxable income,” plus 100% of our business interest income
for the year, and (iii) will permit a taxpayer to offset only 80% (rather than 100%) of its taxable income with any U.S. net operating
losses (“NOLs”) generated for taxable years beginning after 2017. The U.S. Department of Treasury has broad authority
to issue regulations and interpretative guidance that may significantly impact how we will apply the law and impact our results
of operations in the period issued. While the U.S. Department of the Treasury has issued some proposed regulations since the enactment
of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, additional guidance is likely forthcoming. The measurement period allowed by Staff Accounting Bulletin
(“SAB”) No. 118 has closed during the fourth quarter of 2018. The prospects of supplemental legislation or regulatory
processes to address uncertainties that arise because of the Act, or evolving technical interpretations of the tax law, may cause
our financial statements to be impacted in the future. We will continue to analyze the effects of the Act as subsequent guidance
continues to emerge. NOTE
11 – COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES Legal
Proceedings We
may be involved in legal proceedings, claims and assessments arising in the ordinary course of business. Such matters are subject
to many uncertainties, and outcomes are not predictable with assurance. There are no such loss contingencies that are included
in the financial statements as of December 31, 2019. Operating
Leases On
November 11, 2013, Ondas Networks entered into a three-year lease agreement for 5,858 square feet of office space at 687 North
Pastoria Avenue, Sunnyvale, California expiring on December 31, 2017 with a base rent ranging from $ 2,929 to $ 9,079 per month
plus certain various expenses incurred (the “North Pastoria Lease”). On October 16, 2017, Ondas Networks extended the
lease agreement for an additional three years with an expiration date of December 31, 2020 (“2018 Extension”). Rent
expense for the years ended December 31, 2019 and 2018 related to the North Pastoria Lease was $ 170,148 and $ 170,151 , respectively.
The base rent in the 2018 Extension is $ 15,231 for 2020. In late 2018, we vacated this location and completed our move into the
location described below. In late January 2020, we entered into a sublease agreement of the North Pastoria Lease for the remainder
of the lease term (see NOTE 13 for further details). The
future minimum lease payments related to the North Pastoria Lease is as follows: Year Ending December 31, 2020
North Pastoria Lease | $ | 182,772
Sublease (see NOTE 13) | ( 106,323 | )
Net payments in 2020 | $ | 76,449 On
October 30, 2018, Ondas Networks entered into a Sublease with Texas Instruments Sunnyvale Incorporated, regarding the sublease
of approximately 21,982 square feet of rentable space at 165 Gibraltar Court, Sunnyvale, CA 94089 (the “Gibraltar Sublease”),
constituting the entire first floor of the premises (except the lobby and two stairwells), as defined under that certain Lease
dated April 12, 2004, as amended by the First Lease Amendment dated March 15, 2005, a Second Amendment to Lease dated November
30, 2005, and a Third Amendment to Lease dated November 30, 2010 between Gibraltar Sunnyvale Holdings LLC and Texas Instruments
Sunnyvale Incorporated. The Sublease began on November 1, 2018 and ends on February 28, 2021 at a base monthly rent of $ 28,577 .
A security deposit of $ 28,577 was paid upon execution of the Sublease. Rent expense for the year ended December 31, 2019 and November
and December 31, 2018 related to the Gibraltar Sublease was $ 312,301 and $ 52,050 , respectively. F- 56 ONDAS
HOLDINGS INC. NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS The
future minimum lease payments related to the Gibraltar Sublease are as follows: Years Ending December 31,
2020 | $ | 342,924
2021 | $ | 57,154 NOTE
12 – RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS At
the Closing, we entered into a Loan and Security Agreement with Energy Capital, a greater than 10% stockholder of the Company,
pursuant to which Energy Capital loaned the Company an aggregate principal amount of $ 10 million (see NOTE 8 for further details).
The Promissory Notes, with an aggregate of $ 10,563,104 principal and interest outstanding, were converted into 4,225,242 Units
in the aforementioned Purchase Agreement (see NOTE 9 for further details), and the debt owed under the Promissory Notes was extinguished.
Also, in connection with the Purchase Agreement, Eric Brock, the Company’s Chief Executive Officer, purchased 400,000 Units totaling
$ 1,000,000 . NOTE
13 – SUBSEQUENT EVENTS On
November 11, 2013, the Company entered into a three-year lease agreement for office space at 687 North Pastoria Avenue, Sunnyvale,
California expiring on December 31, (the “North Pastoria Lease”). On October 16, 2017, the Company extended the lease
agreement for an additional three years with an expiration date of December 31, 2020 (“2018 Extension”). On January
24, 2020, the Company and a third party (the “Sublessee”) entered a Sublease agreement (the “Sublease”), wherein
the Sublessee will occupy the premises for the remainder of the term of the 2018 Extension. The Sublessee will make payments total
$ 106,323 ($9,666 per month) for the remaining 11 months . Between
April 16 and December 31, 2019, we accrued $ 141,667 for salary owed during 2019 to Mr. Brock, the Company’s Chief Executive Officer.
On March 12, 2020, Mr. Brock waived accrued payroll amounts in the amount of $ 141,667 . On
March 12, 2020, Stewart Kantor, the Company’s Chief Financial Officer, waived accrued payroll amounts in the amount of $ 8,334 . F- 57 $ Common
Stock Sole
Book-Running Manager Oppenheimer
& Co. Lead
Manager National
Securities Corporation Co-Managers Northland Capital Markets | Spartan Capital Securities, LLC ,
2020 PART
II INFORMATION NOT REQUIRED IN PROSPECTUS Item 13. | Other Expenses of Issuance and Distribution The
following table sets forth all costs and expenses, other than underwriting discounts and commissions, paid or payable by the Registrant
in connection with the sale of the common stock being registered. All amounts shown are estimates except for the SEC registration
fee and the FINRA filing fee: Amount Paid or to be Paid
SEC Registration Fee | $ | 2,727.50
FINRA Filing Fee | *
Initial Nasdaq Listing Fee | *
Printing and Engraving Fees and Expenses | *
Legal Fees and Expenses | *
Accounting Fees and Expenses | *
Transfer Agent and Registrar Fees and Expenses | *
Miscellaneous Fees and Expenses | *
Total | $ | * *
To be provided by amendment. Item 14. | Indemnification of Directors and Officers Nevada
Revised Statutes provide that: ● | a corporation may indemnify any person who was or is a party or is threatened to be made a party to any threatened, pending or completed action, suit or proceeding, whether civil, criminal, administrative or investigative, except an action by or in the right of the corporation, by reason of the fact that he is or was a director, officer, employee or agent of the corporation, or is or was serving at the request of the corporation as a director, officer, employee or agent of another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise, against expenses, including attorneys’ fees, judgments, fines and amounts paid in settlement actually and reasonably incurred by him in connection with the action, suit or proceeding if he or she acted in good faith and in a manner which he or she reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the corporation, and, with respect to any criminal action or proceeding, had no reasonable cause to believe his or her conduct was unlawful; ● | a corporation may indemnify any person who was or is a party or is threatened to be made a party to any threatened, pending or completed action or suit by or in the right of the corporation to procure a judgment in its favor by reason of the fact that he or she is or was a director, officer, employee or agent of the corporation, or is or was serving at the request of the corporation as a director, officer, employee or agent of another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise against expenses, including amounts paid in settlement and attorneys’ fees actually and reasonably incurred by him or her in connection with the defense or settlement of the action or suit if he or she acted in good faith and in a manner which he or she reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the corporation. Indemnification may not be made for any claim, issue or matter as to which such a person has been adjudged by a court of competent jurisdiction, after exhaustion of all appeals therefrom, to be liable to the corporation or for amounts paid in settlement to the corporation, unless and only to the extent that the court in which the action or suit was brought or other court of competent jurisdiction determines upon application that in view of all the circumstances of the case, the person is fairly and reasonably entitled to indemnity for such expenses as the court deems proper; and ● | to the extent that a director, officer, employee or agent of a corporation has been successful on the merits or otherwise in defense of any action, suit or proceeding, or in defense of any claim, issue or matter therein, the corporation must indemnify him or her against expenses, including attorneys’ fees, actually and reasonably incurred by him or her in connection with the defense. II- 1 Nevada
Revised Statutes provide that we may make any discretionary indemnification only as authorized in the specific case upon a determination
that indemnification of the director, officer, employee or agent is proper in the circumstances. The determination must be made: ● | by the stockholders; ● | by the board of directors by majority vote of a quorum consisting of directors who were not parties to the action, suit or proceeding; ● | if a majority vote of a quorum consisting of directors who were not parties to the action, suit or proceeding so orders, by independent legal counsel in a written opinion; ● | if a quorum consisting of directors who were not parties to the action, suit or proceeding cannot be obtained, by independent legal counsel in a written opinion; or ● | by court order. Nevada
Revised Statutes provide that a corporation may purchase and maintain insurance or make other financial arrangements on behalf
of any person who is or was a director, officer, employee or agent of the corporation, or is or was serving at the request of
the corporation as a director, officer, employee or agent of another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise
for any liability asserted against him and liability and expenses incurred by him in his capacity as a director, officer, employee
or agent, or arising out of his status as such, whether or not the corporation has the authority to indemnify him against such
liability and expenses. We
also maintain a general liability insurance policy, which covers certain liabilities of directors and officers of our company
arising out of claims based on acts or omissions in their capacities as directors or officers. We
have been advised that in the opinion of the SEC, insofar as indemnification for liabilities arising under the Securities Act
may be permitted to our directors, officers and other persons pursuant to the foregoing provisions, or otherwise, such indemnification
is against public policy as expressed in the Securities Act and is therefore unenforceable. In the event a claim for indemnification
against such liabilities (other than payment of expenses incurred or paid by a director or officer in the successful defense of
any action, suit or proceeding) is asserted by such director, officer or other person in connection with the securities being
registered, we will, unless in the opinion of our counsel the matter has been settled by controlling precedent, submit to a court
of appropriate jurisdiction the question of whether such indemnification is against public policy as expressed in the Securities
Act and will be governed by the final adjudication of such issue. Exclusive
Jurisdiction of Certain Actions Unless
we consent in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the Eighth Judicial District Court of Clark County of the State
of Nevada (the “Court”) shall be the sole and exclusive forum for any stockholder (including a beneficial owner) to
bring (i) any derivative action or proceeding brought on behalf of the Company, (ii) any action asserting a claim of breach of
a fiduciary duty owed by any Director, officer or other employee of the Company to the Company or the Company’s stockholders,
(iii) any action asserting a claim against the Company, any director or the Company’s officers or employees arising pursuant
to any provision of the NRS, Chapters 78 or 92A of the NRS or our Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation or our Bylaws,
or (iv) any action asserting a claim against the Company, any director or the Company’s officers or employees governed by
the internal affairs doctrine. However, each of these clauses (i) through (iv) will not apply to any claim (x) as to which the
Court determines that there is an indispensable party not subject to the jurisdiction of the Court (and the indispensable party
does not consent to the personal jurisdiction of the Court within ten (10) days following such determination), (y) for which the
Court does not have subject matter jurisdiction, or (z) which is vested in the exclusive jurisdiction of a court or forum other
than the Court, including pursuant to Section 27 of the Exchange Act, which provides for exclusive federal jurisdiction over suits
brought to enforce any duty or liability created by the Exchange Act or the rules and regulations thereunder. Furthermore, Section
22 of the Securities Act provides for concurrent jurisdiction for federal and state courts over all suits brought to enforce any
duty or liability created by the Securities Act or the rules and regulations thereunder, and as such the exclusive jurisdiction
clauses set forth above would not apply to such suits. Although
we believe these provisions benefit us by providing increased consistency in the application of Nevada law for the specified types
of actions and proceedings, the provisions may have the effect of discouraging lawsuits against us or our directors and officers.
Any person or entity purchasing or otherwise acquiring any interest in our shares of capital stock shall be deemed to have notice
of and consented to this exclusive forum provision, but will not be deemed to have waived our compliance with the federal securities
laws and the rules and regulations thereunder . II- 2 In
any underwriting agreement we enter into in connection with the sale of common stock being registered hereby, the underwriters
will agree to indemnify, under certain conditions, us, our directors, our officers and persons who control us within the meaning
of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, against certain liabilities. Item 15. | Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities Set
forth below is information regarding shares of common stock, convertible notes and warrants issued, and options granted, by us
within the past three years that were not registered under the Securities Act. Also included is the consideration, if any, received
by us for such shares, convertible notes, warrants and options, and information relating to the section of the Securities Act,
or rule of the Securities and Exchange Commission, under which exemption from registration was claimed. Acquisition On
September 28, 2018, we consummated a reverse acquisition transaction to acquire a privately-held company, Ondas Networks Inc.,
and changed our name from “Zev Ventures Incorporated” to “Ondas Holdings Inc.” As a result, Ondas Networks
Inc. became our wholly-owned subsidiary. We refer to this transaction as the “Acquisition.” In connection with the
closing of the Acquisition, we discontinued the prior business of Zev Ventures as a reseller of sporting and concert tickets and
our sole business became that of Ondas Networks. The 25,463,732 shares of the Company (the “Company Shares”) issued
to the former Ondas stockholders were issued with a restrictive legend that shares had not been registered under the Securities
Act of 1933. The
issuance of the Company Shares in conjunction with the Acquisition was exempt from registration pursuant to Section 4(2) of the
Securities Act and Rule 506 of Regulation D (“Regulation D”) promulgated under the Securities Act. The Company made
this determination based on the representations of the investors which included, in pertinent part, that each such investor was
an “accredited investor” within the meaning of Rule 501 of Regulation D and upon such further representations from
each investor that (i) such investor is acquiring the securities for its own account for investment and not for the account of
any other person and not with a view to or for distribution, assignment or resale in connection with any distribution within the
meaning of the Securities Act, (ii) such investor agrees not to sell or otherwise transfer the purchased securities or shares
underlying such securities unless they are registered under the Securities Act and any applicable state securities laws, or an
exemption or exemptions from such registration are available, (iii) such investor has knowledge and experience in financial and
business matters such that such investor is capable of evaluating the merits and risks of an investment in us, (iv) such investor
had access to all of the Company’s documents, records, and books pertaining to the investment and was provided the opportunity
to ask questions and receive answers regarding the terms and conditions of the Offering and to obtain any additional information
which the Company possessed or was able to acquire without unreasonable effort and expense, and (v) such investor has no need
for the liquidity in its investment in us and could afford the complete loss of such investment. In addition, there was no general
solicitation or advertising for securities issued in reliance upon Regulation D. Energy
Capital Loan Agreement On
January 29, 2019, the Company drew down the first advance of $1 million available (the “First Advance”) under the
Loan and Security Agreement with Energy Capital entered into on October 1, 2018 (the “Energy Capital Loan Agreement”)
by Ondas Holdings and Energy Capital (the “Energy Capital Loan”). The First Advance proceeds will be utilized primarily
for operating capital. On
February 11, 2019, the Company drew down an advance of $650,000 available (the “Second Advance”) under the Energy
Capital Loan. The Second Advance proceeds will be utilized primarily for operating capital. On
February 27, 2019, the Company drew down an advance of $750,000 available (the “Third Advance”) under the Energy Capital
Loan. The Third Advance proceeds will be utilized primarily for operating capital. On
March 14, 2019, the Company drew down an advance of $900,000 available (the “Fourth Advance”) under the Energy Capital
Loan. The Fourth Advance proceeds will be utilized primarily for inventory and operating capital. On
March 28, 2019, the Company drew down an advance of $800,000 available (the “Fifth Advance”) under the Energy Capital
Loan. The Fifth Advance proceeds will be utilized primarily for inventory and operating capital. II- 3 On
April 2, 2019, the Company and Energy Capital entered into a First Amendment to Loan and Security Agreement (the “First
Amendment”) to (i) amend the notice provisions of an Advance Request under the Energy Capital Loan Agreement from at least
five (5) business days to at least one (1) business day before the Advance Date, (ii) increase the amount of the Advance from
up to $1,000,000 a month to up to $1,500,000 a month, and (iii) change the definition of the term Maturity Date from “the
earlier of September 30, 2019 or 10 business days following the date of an Underwritten Public Offering as defined in Section
2.3” to “September 30, 2020.” On
April 11, 2019, the Company drew down an advance of $600,000 available (the “Sixth Advance”) under the Energy Capital
Loan. The Sixth Advance proceeds will be utilized primarily for inventory and operating capital. On
April 24, 2019, the Company drew down an advance of $900,000 available (the “Seventh Advance”) under the Energy Capital
Loan. The Seventh Advance proceeds will be utilized primarily for inventory and operating capital. On
May 13, 2019, the Company drew down an advance of $500,000 available (the “Eighth Advance”) under the Energy Capital
Loan. The Eighth Advance proceeds will be utilized primarily for inventory and operating capital. On
May 28, 2019, the Company drew down an advance of $750,000 available (the “Ninth Advance”) under the Energy Capital
Loan. The Ninth Advance proceeds will be utilized primarily for inventory and operating capital. On
June 11, 2019, the Company drew down an advance of $750,000 available (the “Tenth Advance”) under the Energy Capital
Loan. The Tenth Advance proceeds will be utilized primarily for inventory and operating capital. On
June 27, 2019, the Company drew down an advance of $750,000 available (the “Eleventh Advance”) under the Energy Capital
Loan. The Eleventh Advance proceeds will be utilized primarily for inventory and operating capital. On
July 12, 2019, the Company drew down an advance of $750,000 available (the “Twelfth Advance”) under the Energy Capital
Loan. The Twelfth Advance proceeds will be utilized primarily for inventory and operating capital. On
August 13, 2019, the Company drew down an advance of $900,000 (the “Thirteenth Advance”) under the Energy Capital
Loan. The Thirteenth Advance proceeds will be utilized primarily for inventory and operating capital. The
principal amount outstanding under the Energy Capital Loan bore interest at a
per annum rate equal to the greater of (a) 11.25% or (b) 11.25% plus the Prime Rate (as published by the Wall Street Journal (National
Edition)), less 3.25%. All amounts outstanding under the Energy Capital Loan were secured by a lien on the Company’s assets,
subject to terms of outstanding debt obligations, and became due and payable on the earlier to occur of September 30, 2020. The
Energy Capital Loan Agreement contained customary events of default and affirmative and negative covenants for transactions of
this nature. Upon an event of default, Energy Capital had the right to require the Company to prepay the outstanding principal
amount of the Energy Capital Loan plus all accrued and unpaid interest. In
connection with the 2019 Private Placements (as defined below), the Energy Capital Loan with an aggregate of $10,563,104.16 principal
and interest outstanding, was converted into an aggregate of 4,225,242 Units of the Company, and the debt owed under the Energy
Capital Loan was extinguished. As a result, the Energy Capital Loan terminated pursuant to its terms. The
Energy Capital Loan was completed through a private placement and is exempt from registration pursuant to Section 4(2) of the
Securities Act of 1933, as amended. In claiming the exemption under Section 4(2), the Company relied in part on the following
facts: (1) the offer and sale involved one purchaser (Energy Capital); (2) the purchaser had access to information regarding the
Company; (3) the purchaser represented that it (a) had the requisite knowledge and experience in financial and business matters
to evaluate the merits and risk of an investment in the Company; (b) was able to bear the economic risk of an investment in the
Company; (c) will acquire the Energy Capital Loan for its own account in a transaction not involving any general solicitation
or general advertising, and not with a view to the distribution thereof; and (4) a restrictive legend was placed on the instrument
evidencing the Energy Capital Loan. 2019
Private Placements On
September 27, 2019, the Company entered into a securities purchase agreement (the “Purchase Agreement”) with certain
purchasers (the “Investors”), which provided for the sale of up to $12,500,000 of Units (including an over-allotment
option exercisable by the placement agent for the Company to sell up to an additional $2,500,000 of Units) at a cash purchase
price of $2.50 per Unit (the “Offering”). Each Unit consists of one share of common stock of the Company, par value
$0.0001 per share (the “Common Stock”), and one-half of one warrant to purchase one share of Common Stock at an exercise
price of $3.25 per share for a period commencing six months and ending 36 months after the closing date (the “Investor Warrants”). II- 4 On
September 27, 2019 (the “Initial Closing Date”), pursuant to the Purchase Agreement, the Company issued an aggregate
of 2,426,000 Units to the Investors (the “Initial Closing”). In connection with the Initial Closing, Eric Brock, the
Company’s Chief Executive Officer, purchased 400,000 Units. On
October 30 2019 (the “Second Closing Date”), pursuant to the Purchase Agreement, the Company issued an aggregate of
206,000 Units to the Investors. On
November 27, 2019 (the “Third Closing Date”), pursuant to the Purchase Agreement, the Company issued an aggregate
of 253,600 Units to the Investors. In connection with the Initial Closing, Eric Brock, the Company’s Chief Executive Officer,
purchased 400,000 Units. After payment of placement agent cash fees and expenses of the Offering, the Company received net proceeds
of approximately $6.0 million. National
Securities Corporation, a wholly owned subsidiary of National Holdings, Inc., acted as placement agent (the “Placement Agent”)
in the Offering. The Placement Agent received an aggregate cash fee of $721,400, or 10.0% of the gross proceeds raised in the
Offering, reimbursement of transaction expenses, and warrants to purchase an aggregate of 288,560 shares of Common Stock on the
Initial Closing Date (for 242,600 shares), the Second Closing Date (for 20,600 shares), and the Third Closing Date (for 25,360
shares) at an exercise price equal to $3.25 (the “Placement Agent Warrants”). The Placement Agent Warrants are exercisable
for a period commencing six months and ending 36 months after each closing date. The
Units were offered and sold exclusively to accredited investors, and the Placement Agent Warrants were offered and sold to the
Placement Agent, in a transaction exempt from registration under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities
Act”), as a transaction not involving a public offering, pursuant to Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act and Rule 506
of Regulation D promulgated thereunder. The Investors and the Placement Agent represented their intentions to acquire the securities
for investment only and not with a view to or for sale in connection with any distribution thereof, and appropriate legends were
placed upon the stock certificates, Investor Warrants and Placement Agent Warrants issued in the transaction. The offer and sale
of the securities were made without any general solicitation or advertising. 2020
Private Placements In
August 2020, the Company entered into securities purchase agreements (the “2020 Purchase Agreements”) with
certain purchasers (the “2020 Investors”), which provided for the sale of an aggregate of $4.435 million of the
Company’s Series A Convertible Preferred Stock (the “Series A Preferred”) at a cash purchase price of $2.00
per share (the “Purchase Price”) (the “2020 Offering”). Pursuant to the Purchase Agreements, the Company issued an aggregate of 2,217,500 shares of Series A Preferred to the
Investors (collectively, the “2020 Closing”). In connection with the 2020 Closing, Eric Brock, the
Company’s Chief Executive Officer purchased 157,500 shares of Series A Preferred. The aggregate gross proceeds to the
Company from the 2020 Closing was $4.435 million. After payment of offering expenses, the net proceeds to the Company from
the 2020 Closing was approximately $4.21 million. Immediately following the 2020 Offering, the Company had cash and cash equivalents of approximately $4.36 million. Pursuant
to the Purchase Agreements, the Company has agreed to indemnify the 2020 Investors for liabilities arising out of or relating
to (i) any breach of any of the representations, warranties, covenants or agreements made by the Company or its subsidiary in
the 2020 Purchase Agreements or related documents or (ii) any action instituted against a 2020 Investor with respect to the 2020
Offering, subject to certain exceptions. The 2020 Purchase Agreements also contains customary representations and warranties and
covenants of the Company and was subject to customary closing conditions. For a period of one year from the date of each respective
definitive agreement with respect to the 2020 Offering, if the Company undertakes an underwritten public equity offering, the
holders of Series A Preferred will enter into a lock-up agreement with respect to the sale of the Series A Preferred and the Common
Stock underlying such Series A Preferred as may be reasonably requested by the Company or the Company’s underwriter for
such public offering. For additional information on the Series A Preferred, see “Description of Capital Stock.” In
connection with the 2020 Offering, on August 27, 2020, an outstanding note, with an aggregate of $265,779 principal and interest
outstanding, was converted into an aggregate of 132,890 shares of Series A Preferred, pursuant to the terms of such outstanding
note and the debt owed under the outstanding note was extinguished. The
Series A Preferred were offered and sold exclusively to accredited investors in a transaction exempt from registration under the
Securities Act, as a transaction not involving a public offering, pursuant to Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act and Rule 506
of Regulation D promulgated thereunder. The Investors represented their intentions to acquire the securities for investment only
and not with a view to or for sale in connection with any distribution thereof, and appropriate legends were placed upon the stock
certificates and book entry statements issued in the transaction. The offer and sale of the securities were made without any general
solicitation or advertising. II- 5 Warrants On
May 6, 2020, the Board of Directors of the Company issued (i) warrants to purchase an aggregate of 838,375 shares of common stock
of the Company with an exercise price of $2.50 per share and (ii) warrants to purchase an aggregate of 29,375 shares of common
stock of the Company with an exercise price of $2.13 per share. These warrants were issued to certain individuals for prior service
to the Company. The warrants are fully vested and have a term of five years. The warrants were, and the shares of common stock
underlying the warrants will be, issued in reliance on the exemption from registration provided by Section 4(a)(2) under the Securities
Act of 1933, as amended, as a sale not involving any public offering. Steward
Capital Loan Amendment Issuance On
September 4, 2020, Ondas Networks and Steward Capital entered into the Steward Capital Agreement, to (i) extend and amend the Maturity
Date , as defined in Section 1.1 of the Steward Capital Agreement, to read in its entirety “means September 9, 2021”,
(ii) capitalize all accrued interest into the note(s) resulting in a new principal balance of $11,254,236.14 as of September 9,
2020, and (iii) waive the requirement of monthly interest only payments beginning on September 9, 2020 with all accrued and unpaid
interest due and payable on the Maturity Date. In connection with the waivers, extension and amendment, the Company agreed to
pay to Steward Capital, (i) a fee equal to three percent (3%) of the current outstanding principal balance of the Loan (as defined
in the Steward Capital Agreement), due on the Maturity Date, and (ii) the issuance of 120,000 shares of the Company’s common
stock on or before October 1, 2020. The Steward Capital Shares were issued on September 30, 2020 and issued in reliance
on the exemption from registration provided by Section 4(a)(2) under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, as a sale not involving
any public offering. Item 16. | Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules (a) | Exhibits. See
the Exhibit Index included immediately prior to the signature page to this registration statement, which is incorporated by reference
herein. (b) | Financial Statement Schedules. No
financial statement schedules are provided because the information called for is not required or is shown either in the financial
statements or notes. Item 17. | Undertakings Insofar
as indemnification for liabilities arising under the Securities Act may be permitted to directors, officers and controlling persons
of the registrant pursuant to the foregoing provisions, or otherwise, the registrant has been advised that in the opinion of the
SEC such indemnification is against public policy as expressed in the Securities Act and is, therefore, unenforceable. In the
event that a claim for indemnification against such liabilities (other than the payment by the registrant of expenses incurred
or paid by a director, officer or controlling person of the registrant in the successful defense of any action, suit or proceeding)
is asserted by such director, officer or controlling person in connection with the securities being registered, the registrant
will, unless in the opinion of its counsel the matter has been settled by controlling precedent, submit to a court of appropriate
jurisdiction the question whether such indemnification by it is against public policy as expressed in the Securities Act and will
be governed by the final adjudication of such issue. The
undersigned Registrant hereby undertakes that: (a)
For purposes of determining any liability under the Securities Act, the information omitted from the form of prospectus filed
as part of this registration statement in reliance upon Rule 430A and contained in a form of prospectus filed by the registrant
pursuant to Rule 424(b)(1) or (4) or 497(h) under the Securities Act shall be deemed to be part of this registration statement
as of the time it was declared effective. (b)
For the purpose of determining any liability under the Securities Act, each post-effective amendment that contains a form of prospectus
shall be deemed to be a new registration statement relating to the securities offered therein, and the offering of such securities
at that time shall be deemed to be the initial bona fide offering thereof. II- 6 EXHIBIT
INDEX Exhibit No. | Name of Document
1.1 | Form of Underwriting Agreement **
2.1 | Agreement and Plan of Merger and Reorganization, dated as of September 28, 2018, by and among the Registrant, Zev Merger Sub, Inc. and Ondas Networks Inc. (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit No. 2.1 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 4, 2018 (File No. 333-205271))
3.1 | Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation of the Registrant, dated September 28, 2018 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 4, 2018 (File No. 333-205271))
3.2 | Amended and Restated Bylaws of the Registrant, dated September 28, 2018 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit No. 3.2 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 4, 2018 (File No. 333-205271))
3.3 | Certificate of Designation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 17, 2020 (File No. 000-56004).
4.1 | Form of Common Stock Certificate (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit No. 4.1 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 4, 2018 (File No. 333-205271))
4.2 | Form of Investor Warrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 1, 2019 (File No. 000-56004).
4.3 | Form of Placement Agent Warrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 1, 2019 (File No. 000-56004).
4.4 | Form of Warrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 1, 2019 (File No. 000-56004).
5.1 | Opinion of Akerman LLP**
5.2 | Opinion of Snell & Wilmer L.L.P.**
10.1 | Form of Lock-up Agreement executed by the former stockholders of Ondas Networks, Inc. (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 4, 2018 (File No. 333-205271))
10.2 | Common Stock Repurchase Agreement, dated September 28, 2018, between Registrant and Energy Capital (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 4, 2018 (File No. 333-205271))
10.3 | Lease Agreement, dated November 11, 2013, between Full Spectrum Inc. and SCP-1, LP (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 4, 2018 (File No. 333-205271))
10.4 | Amendment to Lease Agreement, dated October 16, 2017, between Full Spectrum Inc. and SCP-1, LP (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 4, 2018 (File No. 333-205271))
10.5# | Employment Agreement, dated September 28, 2018, between Ondas Holdings Inc. and Eric Brock (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 4, 2018 (File No. 333-205271)) II- 7 Exhibit No. | Name of Document
10.6# | Employment Agreement, dated September 28, 2018, between Ondas Holdings Inc. and Stewart Kantor (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 4, 2018 (File No. 333-205271))
10.7# | 2018 Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.7 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 4, 2018 (File No. 333-205271))
10.8 | Loan and Security Agreement, dated as of March 9, 2018, by and between Full Spectrum Inc. and Stewart Capital Holdings, LP (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.8 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 4, 2018 (File No. 333-205271))
10.9 | Loan and Security Agreement, dated as of September 28, 2018, by and between Zev Ventures Incorporated and Energy Capital (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.9 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 4, 2018 (File No. 333-205271))
10.10 | Form of Secured Promissory Note issued to Steward Capital Holdings LP by Ondas Networks Inc. dated March 19, 2018 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.10 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 4, 2018 (File No. 333-205271))
10.11 | Secured Promissory Note for $5,000,000 issued to Steward Capital Holdings, LP by Ondas Networks Inc. dated October 9, 2018 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 15, 2018 (File No. 333-205271))
10.12 | Form of Revenue Loan Agreement Convertible Promissory Note issued by Ondas Networks Inc. (formerly Full Spectrum Inc.) (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.6 to the Company’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on November 13, 2018 (File No. 333-205271))
10.13 | Form of Securities Purchase Agreement of Ondas Networks Inc. (formerly Full Spectrum Inc.) (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.7 to the Company’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on November 13, 2018 (File No. 333-205271))
10.14 | Form of Loan Amendment (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.0 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on January 7, 2019 (File No. 000-56004))
10.15 | Form of Loan Modification Agreement (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on January 7, 2019 (File No. 000-56004))
10.16 | Form of Assignment and Assumption Agreement (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on January 7, 2019 (File No. 000-56004))
10.17 | Form of Note Extension Agreement (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on January 7, 2019 (File No. 000-56004))
10.18 | Form of Promissory Note (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on January 7, 2019 (File No. 000-56004))
10.19 | Form of Loan Agreement (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on January 7, 2019 (File No. 000-56004))
10.20 | Form of Loan Amendment (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on January 7, 2019 (File No. 000-56004))
10.21 | Form of Loan Agreement (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.7 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on January 7, 2019 (File No. 000-56004))
10.22 | Form of Loan Amendment (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.8 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on January 7, 2019 (File No. 000-56004)) II- 8 Exhibit No. | Name of Document
10.23 | Form of Purchasing Order Financing Agreement (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.9 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on January 7, 2019 (File No. 000-56004))
10.24 | Form of Promissory Note for Purchase Order Financing Agreement (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.10 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on January 7, 2019 (File No. 000-56004))
10.25 | Form of Purchasing Order Financing Agreement (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.11 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on January 7, 2019 (File No. 000-56004))
10.26 | Form of Amendment to Purchase Order Financing Agreement (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.12 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on January 7, 2019 (File No. 000-56004))
10.27 | Form of Private Placement Note (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.13 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on January 7, 2019 (File No. 000-56004))
10.28 | Form of Private Placement Warrant (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.14 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on January 7, 2019 (File No. 000-56004))
10.29 | Form of Security Purchase Agreement (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.15 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on January 7, 2019 (File No. 000-56004))
10.30 | Form of Security Purchase Agreement (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.16 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on January 7, 2019 (File No. 000-56004))
10.31 | Form of Convertible Promissory Note (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.17 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on January 7, 2019 (File No. 000-56004))
10.32 | Secured Promissory Note for $1,000,000 issued to Energy Capital by Ondas Holdings Inc. dated January 29, 2019 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on January 30, 2019 (File No. 000-56004))
10.33 | Secured Promissory Note for $650,000 issued to Energy Capital by Ondas Holdings Inc. dated February 11, 2019 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 13, 2019 (File No. 000-56004))
10.34 | Secured Promissory Note for $750,000 issued to Energy Capital by Ondas Holdings Inc. dated February 27, 2019 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on March 5, 2019 (File No. 000-56004))
10.35 | Secured Promissory Note issued to Energy Capital by Ondas Holdings, Inc. dated March 14, 2019 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on March 20, 2019 (File No. 000-56004))
10.36 | Secured Promissory Note issued to Energy Capital, LLC by Ondas Holdings Inc. dated March 28, 2019 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on April 3, 2019 (File No. 000-56004))
10.37 | First Amendment to Loan and Security Agreement dated April 2, 2019 by and between Ondas Holdings Inc. and Energy Capital, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on April 3, 2019 (File No. 000-56004))
10.38 | Amendment to Secured Promissory Notes dated April 2, 2019 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on April 3, 2019 (File No. 000-56004))
10.39 | Form of Amendment (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.0 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on April 4, 2019 (File No. 000-56004)) II- 9 Exhibit No. | Name of Document
10.40 | Secured Promissory Note issued to Energy Capital, LLC by Ondas Holdings Inc. dated April 11, 2019 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on April 16, 2019 (File No. 000-56004))
10.41 | Secured Promissory Note issued to Energy Capital, LLC by Ondas Holdings Inc. dated April 24, 2019 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on April 30, 2019 (File No. 000-56004))
10.42 | Form of Loan Extension Agreement (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on May 1, 2019 (File No. 000-56004))
10.43 | Secured Promissory Note issued to Energy Capital, LLC by Ondas Holdings Inc. dated May 13, 2019 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on May 14, 2019 (File No. 000-56004))
10.44 | Secured Promissory Note issued to Energy Capital, LLC by Ondas Holdings Inc. dated May 28, 2019 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on May 30, 2019 (File No. 000-56004))
10.45 | Secured Promissory Note issued to Energy Capital, LLC by Ondas Holdings Inc. dated June 11, 2019 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 17, 2019 (File No. 000-56004))
10.46 | First Amendment to Loan and Security Agreement, dated as of June 18, 2019, by and between Ondas Networks Inc. and Steward Capital Holdings, LP (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 18, 2019 (File No. 000-56004)).
10.47 | Amendment to Secured Promissory Notes dated June 18, 2019 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 18, 2019 (File No. 000-56004)).
10.48 | Form of Amendment (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.0 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 27, 2019 (File No. 000-56004).
10.49 | Form of Loan Extension Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 27, 2019 (File No. 000-56004).
10.50 | Secured Promissory Note issued to Energy Capital, LLC by Ondas Holdings Inc. dated June 27, 2019 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 27, 2019 (File No. 000-56004).
10.51 | Secured Promissory Note issued to Energy Capital, LLC by Ondas Holdings Inc. dated July 12, 2019 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on July 15, 2019 (File No. 000-56004).
10.52 | Secured Promissory Note issued to Energy Capital, LLC by Ondas Holdings Inc. dated August 13, 2019. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 13, 2019 (File No. 000-56004).
10.53 | Form of First Amendment to Lock-Up Agreement. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 30, 2019 (File No. 000-56004).
10.54 | Form of Securities Purchase Agreement, dated September 27, 2019 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 1, 2019 (File No. 000-56004).
10.55 | Form of Registration Rights Agreement, dated September 27, 2019 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 1, 2019 (File No. 000-56004). II- 10 Exhibit No. | Name of Document
10.56 | Form of Lock-Up Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 1, 2019 (File No. 000-56004).
10.57 | Second Amendment to Loan and Security Agreement, dated as of October 28, 2019, by and between Ondas Networks Inc. and Steward Capital Holdings, LP. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on November 1, 2019 (File No. 000-56004).
10.58 | Paycheck Protection Program Promissory Note and Agreement, dated as of May 7, 2020, by and between Ondas Networks Inc. and Steward Capital Holdings, LP. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on May 7, 2020(File No. 000-56004).
10.59 | Form of Warrant Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on May 7, 2020(File No. 000-56004).
10.60 | Form of Stock Option Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on May 7, 2020(File No. 000-56004).
10.61 | Employment Agreement, dated June 3, 2020, between Ondas Holdings Inc. and Thomas Bushey.# (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 3, 2020(File No. 000-56004).
10.62 | Amended and Restated Employment Agreement, dated June 3, 2020, between Ondas Holdings Inc. and Eric Brock.# (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 3, 2020(File No. 000-56004).
10.63 | Amended and Restated Employment Agreement, dated June 3, 2020, between Ondas Holdings Inc. and Stewart Kantor.# (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 3, 2020 (File No. 000-56004).
10.64 | Form of Restricted Stock Unit Agreement.# (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 3, 2020 (File No. 000-56004).
10.65 | Form of Nonstatutory Stock Option Agreement.# (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 3, 2020 (File No. 000-56004).
10.66 | Form of Securities Purchase Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 17, 2020 (File No. 000-56004).
10.67 | Form of Securities Purchase Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 1, 2020 (File No. 000-56004).
10.68 | Second Amendment to Loan and Security Agreement, dated as of September 4, 2020, by and between Ondas Networks Inc. and Steward Capital Holdings, LP. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 11, 2020 (File No. 000-56004).
10.69 | Second Amendment to Secured Promissory Notes dated as of September 4, 2020, by and between Ondas Networks Inc. and Steward Capital Holdings, LP. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 11, 2020 (File No. 000-56004).
14.00 | 2018 Code of Business Conduct and Ethics (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 14.00 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 4, 2018 (File No. 333-205271)) II- 11 Exhibit No. | Name of Document
21 | Subsidiaries of the Registrant*
23.1 | Consent of Rosenberg Rich Baker Berman, P.A.*
23.2 | Consent of Akerman LLP (included in Exhibit 5.1)**
23.3 | Consent of Snell & Wilmer L.L.P. (included in Exhibit 5.2)**
101.INS | XBRL Instance Document*
101.SCH | XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document*
101.CAL | XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document*
101.DEF | XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document*
101.LAB | XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document*
101.PRE | XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document* * | Filed herewith
** | To be filed by amendment
# | Management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement. II- 12 SIGNATURES Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, the Registrant has duly caused this Registration Statement to be signed on
its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized, in the City of Sunnyvale, State of California, on October 23, 2020. Ondas Holdings Inc.
By: | /s/ Eric A. Brock
Eric A. Brock
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer We,
the undersigned directors and officers of Ondas Holdings Inc. (the “Company”), hereby severally constitute and appoint
Eric A. Brock and Stewart Kantor, and each of them singly, our true and lawful attorneys, with full power to them, and to each
of them singly, to sign for us and in our names in the capacities indicated below, the registration statement on Form S-1 filed
herewith, and any and all pre-effective and post-effective amendments to said registration statement, and any registration statement
filed pursuant to Rule 462(b) under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, in connection with the registration under the Securities
Act of 1933, as amended, of equity securities of the Company, and to file or cause to be filed the same, with all exhibits thereto
and other documents in connection therewith, with the Securities and Exchange Commission, granting unto said attorneys, and each
of them, full power and authority to do and perform each and every act and thing requisite and necessary to be done in connection
therewith, as fully to all intents and purposes as each of us might or could do in person, and hereby ratifying and confirming
all that said attorneys, and each of them, or their substitute or substitutes, shall do or cause to be done by virtue of this
Power of Attorney. Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, this Registration Statement has been signed by the following persons in the
capacities and on the dates indicated. Signature | Title | Date
/s/ Eric A. Brock
Eric A. Brock | Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and Director (principal executive officer) | October 23, 2020
/s/ Stewart Kantor
Stewart Kantor | Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer, Secretary and Director (principal financial officer and principal accounting officer) | October 23, 2020
/s/ Thomas Bushey
Thomas Bushey | President and Director | October 23, 2020
/s/ Richard M. Cohen
Richard M. Cohen | Director | October 23, 2020
/s/ Derek R. Reisfield
Derek R. Reisfield | Director | October 23, 2020
/s/ Richard H. Silverman
Richard H. Silverman | Director | October 23, 2020 II-13 false 0001646188 0001646188 2020-01-01 2020-06-30 0001646188 2020-06-30 0001646188 2019-12-31 0001646188 2018-12-31 0001646188 2020-04-01 2020-06-30 0001646188 2019-04-01 2019-06-30 0001646188 2019-01-01 2019-06-30 0001646188 2019-01-01 2019-12-31 0001646188 2018-01-01 2018-12-31 0001646188 us-gaap:CommonStockMember 2019-12-31 0001646188 us-gaap:AdditionalPaidInCapitalMember 2019-12-31 0001646188 us-gaap:RetainedEarningsMember 2019-12-31 0001646188 us-gaap:AdditionalPaidInCapitalMember 2020-01-01 2020-03-31 0001646188 2020-01-01 2020-03-31 0001646188 us-gaap:RetainedEarningsMember 2020-01-01 2020-03-31 0001646188 us-gaap:CommonStockMember 2020-03-31 0001646188 us-gaap:AdditionalPaidInCapitalMember 2020-03-31 0001646188 us-gaap:RetainedEarningsMember 2020-03-31 0001646188 2020-03-31 0001646188 us-gaap:AdditionalPaidInCapitalMember 2020-04-01 2020-06-30 0001646188 us-gaap:RetainedEarningsMember 2020-04-01 2020-06-30 0001646188 us-gaap:CommonStockMember 2020-06-30 0001646188 us-gaap:AdditionalPaidInCapitalMember 2020-06-30 0001646188 us-gaap:RetainedEarningsMember 2020-06-30 0001646188 us-gaap:CommonStockMember 2018-12-31 0001646188 us-gaap:AdditionalPaidInCapitalMember 2018-12-31 0001646188 us-gaap:RetainedEarningsMember 2018-12-31 0001646188 us-gaap:AdditionalPaidInCapitalMember 2019-01-01 2019-03-31 0001646188 2019-01-01 2019-03-31 0001646188 us-gaap:AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeMember 2019-01-01 2019-03-31 0001646188 us-gaap:RetainedEarningsMember 2019-01-01 2019-03-31 0001646188 us-gaap:CommonStockMember 2019-03-31 0001646188 us-gaap:AdditionalPaidInCapitalMember 2019-03-31 0001646188 us-gaap:RetainedEarningsMember 2019-03-31 0001646188 us-gaap:AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeMember 2019-03-31 0001646188 2019-03-31 0001646188 us-gaap:AdditionalPaidInCapitalMember 2019-04-01 2019-06-30 0001646188 us-gaap:AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeMember 2019-04-01 2019-06-30 0001646188 us-gaap:RetainedEarningsMember 2019-04-01 2019-06-30 0001646188 us-gaap:CommonStockMember 2019-06-30 0001646188 us-gaap:AdditionalPaidInCapitalMember 2019-06-30 0001646188 us-gaap:RetainedEarningsMember 2019-06-30 0001646188 us-gaap:AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeMember 2019-06-30 0001646188 2019-06-30 0001646188 us-gaap:AdditionalPaidInCapitalMember 2019-01-01 2019-12-31 0001646188 us-gaap:CommonStockMember 2019-01-01 2019-12-31 0001646188 us-gaap:RetainedEarningsMember 2019-01-01 2019-12-31 0001646188 us-gaap:CommonStockMember 2017-12-31 0001646188 us-gaap:AdditionalPaidInCapitalMember 2017-12-31 0001646188 us-gaap:RetainedEarningsMember 2017-12-31 0001646188 2017-12-31 0001646188 us-gaap:CommonStockMember 2018-01-01 2018-12-31 0001646188 us-gaap:AdditionalPaidInCapitalMember 2018-01-01 2018-12-31 0001646188 us-gaap:RetainedEarningsMember 2018-01-01 2018-12-31 0001646188 onds:OndasNetworksShareMember 2018-09-28 0001646188 us-gaap:CommonStockMember 2018-09-28 0001646188 onds:OndasNetworksShareMember 2020-01-01 2020-06-30 0001646188 2019-08-01 2019-08-30 0001646188 2020-03-01 2020-03-27 0001646188 2020-05-01 2020-05-06 0001646188 2020-01-02 2020-01-24 0001646188 2020-01-24 0001646188 us-gaap:SalesRevenueNetMember 2020-01-01 2020-06-30 0001646188 onds:CustomerAMember us-gaap:AccountsReceivableMember 2020-01-01 2020-06-30 0001646188 onds:CustomerBMember us-gaap:AccountsReceivableMember 2020-01-01 2020-06-30 0001646188 us-gaap:ProductMember 2020-04-01 2020-06-30 0001646188 us-gaap:ProductMember 2019-04-01 2019-06-30 0001646188 us-gaap:ProductMember 2020-01-01 2020-06-30 0001646188 us-gaap:ProductMember 2019-01-01 2019-06-30 0001646188 us-gaap:ServiceMember 2020-04-01 2020-06-30 0001646188 us-gaap:ServiceMember 2019-04-01 2019-06-30 0001646188 us-gaap:ServiceMember 2020-01-01 2020-06-30 0001646188 us-gaap:ServiceMember 2019-01-01 2019-06-30 0001646188 us-gaap:ServiceOtherMember 2020-04-01 2020-06-30 0001646188 us-gaap:ServiceOtherMember 2019-04-01 2019-06-30 0001646188 us-gaap:ServiceOtherMember 2020-01-01 2020-06-30 0001646188 us-gaap:ServiceOtherMember 2019-01-01 2019-06-30 0001646188 onds:OtherRevenueMember 2020-04-01 2020-06-30 0001646188 onds:OtherRevenueMember 2019-04-01 2019-06-30 0001646188 onds:OtherRevenueMember 2020-01-01 2020-06-30 0001646188 onds:OtherRevenueMember 2019-01-01 2019-06-30 0001646188 us-gaap:TransferredAtPointInTimeMember 2020-04-01 2020-06-30 0001646188 us-gaap:TransferredAtPointInTimeMember 2019-04-01 2019-06-30 0001646188 us-gaap:TransferredAtPointInTimeMember 2020-01-01 2020-06-30 0001646188 us-gaap:TransferredAtPointInTimeMember 2019-01-01 2019-06-30 0001646188 us-gaap:TransferredOverTimeMember 2020-04-01 2020-06-30 0001646188 us-gaap:TransferredOverTimeMember 2019-04-01 2019-06-30 0001646188 us-gaap:TransferredOverTimeMember 2020-01-01 2020-06-30 0001646188 us-gaap:TransferredOverTimeMember 2019-01-01 2019-06-30 0001646188 us-gaap:WarrantMember 2020-01-01 2020-06-30 0001646188 us-gaap:WarrantMember 2019-01-01 2019-06-30 0001646188 us-gaap:EmployeeStockOptionMember 2020-01-01 2020-06-30 0001646188 us-gaap:EmployeeStockOptionMember 2019-01-01 2019-06-30 0001646188 us-gaap:RestrictedStockMember 2020-01-01 2020-06-30 0001646188 us-gaap:RestrictedStockMember 2019-01-01 2019-06-30 0001646188 us-gaap:ConvertibleDebtSecuritiesMember 2020-01-01 2020-06-30 0001646188 us-gaap:ConvertibleDebtSecuritiesMember 2019-01-01 2019-06-30 0001646188 onds:CustomerAMember 2020-04-01 2020-06-30 0001646188 onds:CustomerAMember 2019-04-01 2019-06-30 0001646188 onds:CustomerAMember 2020-01-01 2020-06-30 0001646188 onds:CustomerBMember 2020-04-01 2020-06-30 0001646188 onds:CustomerBMember 2020-01-01 2020-06-30 0001646188 onds:CustomerCMember 2020-04-01 2020-06-30 0001646188 onds:CustomerCMember 2019-04-01 2019-06-30 0001646188 onds:CustomerCMember 2020-01-01 2020-06-30 0001646188 onds:CustomerCMember 2019-01-01 2019-06-30 0001646188 onds:CustomerDMember 2020-04-01 2020-06-30 0001646188 onds:CustomerDMember 2019-04-01 2019-06-30 0001646188 onds:CustomerDMember 2020-01-01 2020-06-30 0001646188 onds:CustomerDMember 2019-01-01 2019-06-30 0001646188 onds:CustomerEMember 2020-04-01 2020-06-30 0001646188 onds:CustomerEMember 2019-04-01 2019-06-30 0001646188 onds:CustomerEMember 2020-01-01 2020-06-30 0001646188 onds:CustomerEMember 2019-01-01 2019-06-30 0001646188 us-gaap:LeaseholdImprovementsMember 2020-06-30 0001646188 us-gaap:LeaseholdImprovementsMember 2019-12-31 0001646188 us-gaap:VehiclesMember 2020-06-30 0001646188 us-gaap:VehiclesMember 2019-12-31 0001646188 us-gaap:FurnitureAndFixturesMember 2020-06-30 0001646188 us-gaap:FurnitureAndFixturesMember 2019-12-31 0001646188 us-gaap:WellsAndRelatedEquipmentAndFacilitiesMember 2020-06-30 0001646188 us-gaap:WellsAndRelatedEquipmentAndFacilitiesMember 2019-12-31 0001646188 us-gaap:ComputerEquipmentMember 2020-06-30 0001646188 us-gaap:ComputerEquipmentMember 2019-12-31 0001646188 us-gaap:SoftwareAndSoftwareDevelopmentCostsMember 2020-06-30 0001646188 us-gaap:SoftwareAndSoftwareDevelopmentCostsMember 2019-12-31 0001646188 onds:LoanAndSecurityAgreementMember onds:SecuredTermPromissoryNoteMember onds:StewardCapitalHoldingsLPMember 2018-03-09 0001646188 onds:LoanAndSecurityAgreementMember onds:SecuredTermPromissoryNoteMember onds:StewardCapitalHoldingsLPMember 2018-02-20 2018-03-09 0001646188 onds:LoanAndSecurityAgreementMember onds:SecuredTermPromissoryNoteMember onds:SharebasedCompensationAwardTrancheOneMember onds:StewardCapitalHoldingsLPMember 2018-02-20 2018-03-09 0001646188 onds:LoanAndSecurityAgreementMember onds:SecuredTermPromissoryNoteMember onds:StewardCapitalHoldingsLPMember 2018-10-09 0001646188 onds:LoanAndSecurityAgreementMember onds:SecuredTermPromissoryNoteMember onds:StewardCapitalHoldingsLPMember 2018-09-20 2018-10-09 0001646188 onds:StewardCapitalHoldingsLPMember 2019-10-01 2019-10-28 0001646188 onds:StewardCapitalHoldingsLPMember 2019-12-10 2019-12-15 0001646188 onds:StewardCapitalHoldingsLPMember 2019-12-15 0001646188 onds:PromissoryNotesMember 2016-06-01 2016-06-07 0001646188 onds:PromissoryNotesMember 2016-02-02 2016-02-15 0001646188 onds:PromissoryNotesMember 2019-06-30 0001646188 onds:PromissoryNotesMember 2020-01-01 2020-06-30 0001646188 onds:PromissoryNotesMember 2020-04-01 2020-06-30 0001646188 onds:PromissoryNotesMember 2019-04-01 2019-06-30 0001646188 onds:PromissoryNotesMember 2019-01-01 2019-06-30 0001646188 us-gaap:ConvertibleNotesPayableMember 2019-06-30 0001646188 us-gaap:ConvertibleNotesPayableMember 2020-01-01 2020-06-30 0001646188 us-gaap:ConvertibleNotesPayableMember 2019-01-01 2019-12-31 0001646188 us-gaap:ConvertibleNotesPayableMember 2020-04-01 2020-06-30 0001646188 us-gaap:ConvertibleNotesPayableMember 2019-09-02 2019-09-27 0001646188 onds:PaycheckProtectionProgramLoanMember 2020-05-04 0001646188 onds:PaycheckProtectionProgramLoanMember 2020-05-01 2020-05-04 0001646188 onds:IssuePriceOneMember us-gaap:WarrantMember 2020-05-06 0001646188 onds:IssuePriceTwoMember us-gaap:WarrantMember 2020-05-06 0001646188 onds:IssuePriceThreeMember us-gaap:WarrantMember 2020-05-06 0001646188 onds:IssuePriceThreeMember onds:StockOptionsMember 2020-05-01 2020-05-06 0001646188 us-gaap:WarrantMember 2020-05-01 2020-05-06 0001646188 us-gaap:WarrantMember 2020-04-01 2020-06-30 0001646188 us-gaap:WarrantMember 2020-01-01 2020-06-30 0001646188 2020-01-01 2020-01-31 0001646188 onds:StockOptionsMember 2020-05-06 0001646188 onds:StockOptionsMember 2020-04-01 2020-06-30 0001646188 onds:StockOptionsMember 2020-01-01 2020-06-30 0001646188 onds:StockOptionsMember 2020-06-30 0001646188 us-gaap:RestrictedStockUnitsRSUMember 2020-01-01 2020-06-30 0001646188 us-gaap:RestrictedStockUnitsRSUMember 2020-06-30 0001646188 us-gaap:RestrictedStockUnitsRSUMember 2018-01-01 2018-12-31 0001646188 onds:ConsultantMember us-gaap:RestrictedStockUnitsRSUMember 2020-04-01 2020-06-30 0001646188 onds:ConsultantMember us-gaap:RestrictedStockUnitsRSUMember 2020-01-01 2020-06-30 0001646188 us-gaap:WarrantMember 2020-05-06 0001646188 us-gaap:WarrantMember 2020-05-01 2020-05-06 0001646188 us-gaap:EmployeeStockOptionMember 2020-05-06 0001646188 us-gaap:EmployeeStockOptionMember 2020-05-01 2020-05-06 0001646188 srt:MinimumMember us-gaap:EmployeeStockOptionMember 2020-05-01 2020-05-06 0001646188 srt:MaximumMember us-gaap:EmployeeStockOptionMember 2020-05-01 2020-05-06 0001646188 onds:EricBrockMember 2019-12-31 0001646188 onds:StewartKantorMember 2020-03-12 0001646188 us-gaap:ConvertiblePreferredStockMember us-gaap:SubsequentEventMember 2020-08-01 2020-08-14 0001646188 us-gaap:PreferredClassAMember us-gaap:SubsequentEventMember 2020-08-14 0001646188 us-gaap:SeriesAPreferredStockMember us-gaap:SubsequentEventMember 2020-08-10 2020-08-14 0001646188 onds:EricBrockMember us-gaap:SeriesAPreferredStockMember us-gaap:SubsequentEventMember 2020-08-01 2020-08-14 0001646188 us-gaap:SubsequentEventMember 2020-08-01 2020-08-14 0001646188 us-gaap:PreferredClassAMember us-gaap:SubsequentEventMember 2020-08-01 2020-08-14 0001646188 onds:OndasNetworksShareMember 2019-12-31 0001646188 onds:OndasNetworksShareMember 2019-01-01 2019-12-31 0001646188 2018-09-28 0001646188 us-gaap:ConvertibleCommonStockMember 2018-09-28 0001646188 onds:FirstAmendmentToLockUpAgreementsMember onds:OndasNetworksShareMember 2019-12-31 0001646188 onds:FirstAmendmentToLockUpAgreementsMember onds:OndasNetworksShareMember 2019-08-29 2019-08-30 0001646188 onds:CommonStockRepurchaseAgreementMember 2019-01-01 2019-12-31 0001646188 onds:CommonStockRepurchaseAgreementMember 2019-12-31 0001646188 onds:TwoZeroOneEightEquityIncentivePlanMember onds:EmployeeMember 2019-01-01 2019-12-31 0001646188 srt:MinimumMember 2019-01-01 2019-12-31 0001646188 srt:MaximumMember 2019-01-01 2019-12-31 0001646188 srt:MinimumMember 2019-12-31 0001646188 srt:MaximumMember 2019-12-31 0001646188 us-gaap:AccountsReceivableMember 2019-01-01 2019-12-31 0001646188 onds:CustomerMember 2019-01-01 2019-12-31 0001646188 us-gaap:ProductMember 2019-01-01 2019-12-31 0001646188 us-gaap:ProductMember 2018-01-01 2018-12-31 0001646188 us-gaap:ServiceMember 2019-01-01 2019-12-31 0001646188 us-gaap:ServiceMember 2018-01-01 2018-12-31 0001646188 us-gaap:TransferredAtPointInTimeMember 2019-01-01 2019-12-31 0001646188 us-gaap:TransferredAtPointInTimeMember 2018-01-01 2018-12-31 0001646188 us-gaap:TransferredOverTimeMember 2019-01-01 2019-12-31 0001646188 us-gaap:TransferredOverTimeMember 2018-01-01 2018-12-31 0001646188 us-gaap:WarrantMember 2019-01-01 2019-12-31 0001646188 us-gaap:OptionMember 2019-01-01 2019-12-31 0001646188 us-gaap:RestrictedStockMember 2019-01-01 2019-12-31 0001646188 us-gaap:ConvertibleDebtSecuritiesMember 2018-01-01 2018-12-31 0001646188 onds:CustomerAMember 2019-01-01 2019-12-31 0001646188 onds:CustomerAMember 2018-01-01 2018-12-31 0001646188 onds:CustomerBMember 2019-01-01 2019-12-31 0001646188 onds:CustomerBMember 2018-01-01 2018-12-31 0001646188 onds:CustomerCMember 2019-01-01 2019-12-31 0001646188 onds:CustomerCMember 2018-01-01 2018-12-31 0001646188 us-gaap:LeaseholdImprovementsMember 2018-12-31 0001646188 us-gaap:VehiclesMember 2018-12-31 0001646188 us-gaap:FurnitureAndFixturesMember 2018-12-31 0001646188 us-gaap:ComputerEquipmentMember 2018-12-31 0001646188 us-gaap:SoftwareAndSoftwareDevelopmentCostsMember 2018-12-31 0001646188 srt:MinimumMember onds:DebtAgreementsAndPromissoryNotesMember 2019-10-01 2019-10-31 0001646188 srt:MaximumMember onds:DebtAgreementsAndPromissoryNotesMember 2019-09-01 2019-09-06 0001646188 onds:LoanAgreementsMember onds:OctoberTwoThousandandSevenNoteMember 2007-10-31 0001646188 onds:LoanAgreementsMember onds:OctoberTwoThousandandSevenNoteMember 2019-09-27 0001646188 onds:LoanAgreementsMember onds:OctoberTwoThousandandSevenNoteMember 2018-12-31 0001646188 onds:LoanAgreementsMember onds:DecemberTewntyThirteenNoteMember 2013-12-01 2013-12-31 0001646188 onds:LoanAgreementsMember onds:DecemberTewntyThirteenNoteMember 2013-12-31 0001646188 onds:LoanAgreementsMember onds:DecemberTewntyThirteenNoteMember 2015-02-01 2015-02-28 0001646188 onds:LoanAgreementsMember onds:NovemberTwentyFouteenNoteMember 2014-11-01 0001646188 onds:LoanAgreementsMember onds:NovemberTwentyFouteenNoteMember 2019-09-27 0001646188 onds:LoanAgreementsMember onds:DecemberTewntyThirteenNoteMember 2019-12-31 0001646188 onds:LoanAgreementsMember onds:NovemberTwentyFouteenNoteMember 2019-12-31 0001646188 onds:LoanAgreementsMember onds:AprilTwentyFiveteenNoteMember 2015-04-01 2015-04-30 0001646188 onds:LoanAgreementsMember onds:AprilTwentyFiveteenNoteMember 2015-04-30 0001646188 onds:LoanAgreementsMember onds:AprilTwentyFiveteenNoteMember 2019-09-27 0001646188 onds:LoanAgreementsMember onds:AprilTwentyFiveteenNoteMember 2018-12-31 0001646188 onds:LoanAgreementsMember onds:NovemberTwentySixteenNoteMember 2016-11-02 2016-11-30 0001646188 onds:FinancingAgreementMember onds:NovemberTwentySixteenNoteMember 2016-11-30 0001646188 onds:FinancingAgreementMember onds:DecemberTwentySixteenNoteMember 2016-12-01 2016-12-20 0001646188 onds:FinancingAgreementMember onds:DecemberTwentySixteenNoteMember 2016-12-20 0001646188 onds:FinancingAgreementMember onds:DecemberTwentySixteenNoteMember 2019-09-27 0001646188 onds:FinancingAgreementMember onds:NovemberTwentySixteenNoteMember 2018-12-31 0001646188 onds:FinancingAgreementMember onds:DecemberTwentySixteenNoteMember 2018-12-31 0001646188 onds:FinancingAgreementMember 2015-01-31 0001646188 onds:FinancingAgreementMember 2014-07-01 2015-01-31 0001646188 onds:FinancingAgreementMember onds:FebruaryTwentyFourteenNoteMember 2019-09-27 0001646188 onds:FinancingAgreementMember onds:FebruaryTwentyFourteenNoteMember 2018-12-31 0001646188 onds:PrivatePlacementNotesMember onds:PromissoryNotesMember 2015-12-01 2015-12-15 0001646188 onds:PrivatePlacementNotesMember onds:PromissoryNotesMember 2015-12-01 2015-12-31 0001646188 onds:PromissoryNotesMember onds:PrivatePlacementNotesMember 2015-12-01 2015-12-31 0001646188 onds:PrivatePlacementNotesMember onds:PromissoryNotesMember 2016-02-01 2016-07-16 0001646188 onds:PromissoryNotesMember onds:PromissoryNotesMember 2018-04-01 2018-04-13 0001646188 onds:PrivatePlacementNotesMember onds:PromissoryNotesMember 2019-07-31 0001646188 onds:PrivatePlacementNotesMember onds:PromissoryNotesMember 2019-09-27 0001646188 onds:PrivatePlacementNotesMember onds:PromissoryNotesMember 2019-09-01 2019-09-27 0001646188 onds:PrivatePlacementNotesMember onds:PromissoryNotesMember 2019-12-31 0001646188 onds:PrivatePlacementNotesMember onds:PromissoryNotesMember 2018-12-31 0001646188 2018-07-01 2018-07-11 0001646188 onds:ConvertiblePromissoryNotesOneMember 2018-09-27 2018-09-28 0001646188 onds:ConvertiblePromissoryNotesOneMember 2019-12-31 0001646188 onds:ConvertiblePromissoryNotesOneMember us-gaap:CommonStockMember 2019-09-26 2019-09-27 0001646188 onds:FinancingAgreementMember 2014-02-02 2014-02-28 0001646188 onds:PrivatePlacementNotesMember onds:PromissoryNotesMember 2015-12-01 2015-12-14 0001646188 onds:LoanAgreementsMember 2019-12-31 0001646188 onds:LoanAgreementsMember 2018-12-31 0001646188 onds:FinancingAgreementMember 2019-12-31 0001646188 onds:FinancingAgreementMember 2018-12-31 0001646188 onds:PromissoryNotesMember 2019-12-31 0001646188 onds:PromissoryNotesMember 2018-12-31 0001646188 onds:PromissoryNotesMember 2019-12-31 0001646188 onds:PromissoryNotesMember 2018-12-31 0001646188 onds:ConvertiblePromissoryNotesOneMember 2018-12-31 0001646188 onds:SecuredTermPromissoryNoteMember onds:LoanAndSecurityAgreementMember onds:StewardCapitalHoldingsLPMember 2018-03-09 0001646188 onds:SecuredTermPromissoryNoteMember onds:LoanAndSecurityAgreementMember onds:StewardCapitalHoldingsLPMember 2018-03-01 2018-03-09 0001646188 onds:SecuredTermPromissoryNoteMember onds:LoanAndSecurityAgreementMember onds:SharebasedCompensationAwardTrancheOneMember onds:StewardCapitalHoldingsLPMember 2018-03-01 2018-03-09 0001646188 onds:SecondSecuredTermPromissoryNoteMember onds:LoanAndSecurityAgreementMember onds:StewardCapitalHoldingsLPMember 2018-10-09 0001646188 onds:SecondSecuredTermPromissoryNoteMember onds:LoanAndSecurityAgreementMember onds:StewardCapitalHoldingsLPMember 2018-10-01 2018-10-09 0001646188 onds:StewardCapitalHoldingsLPMember 2019-10-13 2019-10-28 0001646188 onds:LoanAndSecurityAgreementMember onds:EnergyCapitalMember 2019-12-31 0001646188 onds:EnergyCapitalMember 2019-01-01 2019-12-31 0001646188 us-gaap:InvestorMember us-gaap:OverAllotmentOptionMember onds:SecuritiesPurchaseAgreementMember 2019-09-01 2019-09-27 0001646188 us-gaap:InvestorMember us-gaap:OverAllotmentOptionMember onds:SecuritiesPurchaseAgreementMember 2019-09-27 0001646188 us-gaap:InvestorMember onds:SecuritiesPurchaseAgreementMember 2019-09-01 2019-09-27 0001646188 us-gaap:InvestorMember onds:SecuritiesPurchaseAgreementMember 2019-10-01 2019-10-30 0001646188 us-gaap:InvestorMember onds:SecuritiesPurchaseAgreementMember 2019-11-01 2019-11-27 0001646188 onds:SecuritiesPurchaseAgreementMember 2019-09-01 2019-09-27 0001646188 onds:PlacementAgentMember onds:SecuritiesPurchaseAgreementMember 2019-09-01 2019-09-27 0001646188 onds:PlacementAgentMember onds:SecuritiesPurchaseAgreementMember 2019-09-27 0001646188 us-gaap:ConvertibleNotesPayableMember onds:OtherFinancingAgreementsMember 2019-09-27 0001646188 us-gaap:ConvertibleNotesPayableMember onds:OtherFinancingAgreementsMember 2019-09-01 2019-09-27 0001646188 us-gaap:ConvertibleNotesPayableMember onds:GreaterThanFivePercentStockholderMember onds:EnergyCapitalMember 2019-09-27 0001646188 us-gaap:ConvertibleNotesPayableMember onds:LoanAndSecurityAgreementMember onds:EnergyCapitalMember 2019-09-01 2019-09-27 0001646188 us-gaap:WarrantMember 2019-12-31 0001646188 us-gaap:WarrantMember 2019-09-27 0001646188 srt:MinimumMember us-gaap:WarrantMember 2019-12-31 0001646188 srt:MaximumMember us-gaap:WarrantMember 2019-12-31 0001646188 us-gaap:WarrantMember onds:SecuritiesPurchaseAgreementMember 2019-09-27 0001646188 onds:IndividualLenderMember us-gaap:WarrantMember onds:SecuritiesPurchaseAgreementMember 2019-09-27 0001646188 us-gaap:WarrantMember onds:SecuritiesPurchaseAgreementMember 2019-10-30 0001646188 us-gaap:WarrantMember onds:SecuritiesPurchaseAgreementMember 2019-10-30 0001646188 us-gaap:WarrantMember onds:SecuritiesPurchaseAgreementMember 2019-11-27 0001646188 onds:TwoZeroOneEightEquityIncentivePlanMember onds:EmployeeMember 2019-01-01 2019-12-31 0001646188 us-gaap:RestrictedStockUnitsRSUMember 2019-08-06 2019-08-31 0001646188 us-gaap:RestrictedStockUnitsRSUMember 2019-01-01 2019-12-31 0001646188 us-gaap:RestrictedStockUnitsRSUMember onds:TwoZeroOneEightEquityIncentivePlanMember onds:ConsultantMember 2018-12-31 0001646188 us-gaap:RestrictedStockUnitsRSUMember onds:IndividualLenderMember onds:ConsultantMember 2019-01-01 2019-12-31 0001646188 us-gaap:RestrictedStockUnitsRSUMember onds:TwoZeroOneEightEquityIncentivePlanMember onds:ConsultantMember 2019-12-31 0001646188 us-gaap:RestrictedStockUnitsRSUMember onds:TwoZeroOneEightEquityIncentivePlanMember onds:EmployeeMember 2019-01-01 2019-12-31 0001646188 us-gaap:RestrictedStockUnitsRSUMember onds:TwoZeroOneEightEquityIncentivePlanMember 2019-12-31 0001646188 us-gaap:RestrictedStockUnitsRSUMember onds:TwoZeroOneEightEquityIncentivePlanMember 2019-01-01 2019-12-31 0001646188 us-gaap:WarrantMember 2019-12-31 0001646188 srt:MinimumMember us-gaap:WarrantMember 2019-01-01 2019-12-31 0001646188 srt:MaximumMember us-gaap:WarrantMember 2019-01-01 2019-12-31 0001646188 2017-12-02 2017-12-22 0001646188 us-gaap:LicensingAgreementsMember 2018-11-11 0001646188 srt:MaximumMember onds:NorthPastoriaAvenueSunnyvaleCaliforniaMember 2017-01-01 2017-12-31 0001646188 srt:MaximumMember onds:NorthPastoriaAvenueSunnyvaleCaliforniaMember 2017-12-31 0001646188 us-gaap:LeaseAgreementsMember 2013-11-11 0001646188 onds:NorthPastoriaLeaseMember 2019-01-01 2019-12-31 0001646188 onds:NorthPastoriaLeaseMember 2018-01-01 2018-12-31 0001646188 2013-11-10 2013-11-11 0001646188 onds:GibraltarSubleaseMember 2018-10-30 0001646188 2018-10-30 0001646188 us-gaap:SubsequentEventMember 2021-02-28 0001646188 onds:GibraltarSubleaseMember 2019-01-01 2019-12-31 0001646188 onds:GibraltarSubleaseMember 2018-01-01 2018-12-31 0001646188 2017-10-11 2017-10-16 0001646188 2018-10-20 2018-10-30 0001646188 us-gaap:LeaseAgreementsMember 2017-10-10 2017-10-16 0001646188 onds:NorthPastoriaLeaseMember 2020-01-01 2020-12-31 0001646188 onds:GibraltarSubleaseMember 2019-12-31 0001646188 onds:LoanAndSecurityAgreementMember onds:EnergyCapitalMember 2019-01-01 2019-12-31 0001646188 onds:ConvertiblePromissoryNotesOneMember onds:LoanAndSecurityAgreementMember onds:EnergyCapitalMember 2019-01-01 2019-12-31 0001646188 onds:ConvertiblePromissoryNotesOneMember onds:LoanAndSecurityAgreementMember onds:EnergyCapitalMember 2019-12-31 0001646188 onds:EricBrockMember onds:SecuritiesPurchaseAgreementMember 2019-01-01 2019-12-31 0001646188 us-gaap:SubsequentEventMember 2020-01-16 2020-01-24 0001646188 2017-10-10 2017-10-16 0001646188 onds:EricBrockMember us-gaap:SubsequentEventMember 2020-03-12 0001646188 onds:StewartKantorMember us-gaap:SubsequentEventMember 2020-03-12 iso4217:USD iso4217:USD xbrli:shares xbrli:shares xbrli:pure utr:sqm