S-3 1 d933924ds3.htm S-3 S-3 As filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on April 7, 2025 Registration No. 333- UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 Form S-3 REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER THE
SECURITIES ACT OF 1933 DIGITAL REALTY TRUST, INC. (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) Maryland (State or Other Jurisdiction of Incorporation or Organization) 26-0081711 (I.R.S. Employer Identification Number) 2323 Bryan
Street, Suite 1800, Dallas, Texas 75201 (214) 231-1350 (Address, including zip code, and telephone number, including area code, of registrant’s principal executive offices) Matthew Mercier Chief
Financial Officer 2323 Bryan Street, Suite 1800, Dallas, Texas 75201 (214) 231-1350 (Address, including zip code, and telephone number, including area code, of agent for
service) Copies to: Julian
T.H. Kleindorfer Brent T. Epstein Latham & Watkins LLP 355 South Grand Avenue Los
Angeles, California 90071-1560 (213) 485-1234 APPROXIMATE DATE OF COMMENCEMENT OF PROPOSED SALE TO THE PUBLIC: From time to time after the effective date of this registration statement. If the only securities being registered on this Form are being offered pursuant to dividend or interest reinvestment plans, please check the following
box. ☐ If any of the securities being registered on this Form are to be offered on a delayed or continuous basis pursuant to Rule 415
under the Securities Act of 1933, other than securities offered only in connection with dividend or interest reinvestment plans, check the following box. ☒ If this Form is filed to register additional securities for an offering pursuant to Rule 462(b) under the Securities Act, please check the following box and
list the Securities Act registration statement number of the earlier effective registration statement for the same offering. ☐ If this Form is
a post-effective amendment filed pursuant to Rule 462(c) under the Securities Act, check the following box and list the Securities Act registration statement number of the earlier effective registration statement for the same offering. ☐ If this Form is a registration statement pursuant to General Instruction I.D. or a post-effective amendment thereto that shall become effective on filing
with the Commission pursuant to Rule 462(e) under the Securities Act, check the following box. ☐ If this Form is a post-effective amendment to
a registration statement filed pursuant to General Instruction I.D. filed to register additional securities or additional classes of securities pursuant to Rule 413(b) under the Securities Act, check the following box. ☐ Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of “large accelerated filer,” “accelerated filer,” “smaller reporting company,” and “emerging growth company” in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. Large accelerated filer | ☒ | Accelerated filer | ☐
Non-accelerated filer | ☐ | Smaller reporting company | ☐
Emerging growth company | ☐ If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or
revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the Securities Act. ☐ The registrant hereby amends this
registration statement on such date or dates as may be necessary to delay its effective date until the registrant shall file a further amendment which specifically states that this registration statement shall thereafter become effective in
accordance with Section 8(a) of the Securities Act of 1933 or until the registration statement shall become effective on such date as the Commission, acting pursuant to said Section 8(a), may determine. The information in this preliminary prospectus is not complete and may be changed.
These securities may not be sold until the registration statement filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission is effective. This preliminary prospectus is not an offer to sell nor does it seek an offer to buy these securities in any
jurisdiction where the offer or sale is not permitted. SUBJECT TO COMPLETION, DATED APRIL 7, 2025 PROSPECTUS 6,700,000 Shares Digital Realty Trust, Inc. Common Stock Our operating partnership,
Digital Realty Trust, L.P., issued and sold $1,150,000,000 aggregate principal amount of its 1.875% exchangeable senior notes due 2029, or the notes, in a private transaction that closed in November 2024. The notes are fully and unconditionally
guaranteed by us. Under certain circumstances, we may issue shares of our common stock, $0.01 par value per share, or our common stock, upon the exchange of the notes. In such circumstances, the recipients of such shares of common stock, whom we
refer to herein as the selling securityholders, may use this prospectus to resell from time to time such shares. Additional selling securityholders may be named by future prospectus supplements. The registration of the shares of our common stock covered by this prospectus does not necessarily mean that any of the selling securityholders will exchange
their notes for our common stock, that upon any exchange of the notes we will elect, in our sole and absolute discretion, to exchange some or all of the notes for shares of our common stock rather than cash, or that any shares of our common stock
received upon exchange of the notes will be offered or sold by the selling securityholders. We will not receive any proceeds from any issuance of shares
of our common stock to the selling securityholders or from any sale of such shares by the selling securityholders, but we have agreed to pay certain registration expenses relating to such shares of our common stock. See “Selling
Securityholders” and “Plan of Distribution.” The selling securityholders from time to time may offer and resell the shares held by them directly or through agents or broker-dealers on terms to be determined at the time of sale, as
described in more detail in this prospectus. To assist us in complying with certain federal income tax requirements applicable to real estate investment
trusts, or REITs, among other purposes, our charter contains certain restrictions relating to the ownership and transfer of our stock, including an ownership limit of 9.8% of the outstanding shares of our common stock. See “Restrictions on
Ownership and Transfer” beginning on page 12 of this prospectus. Our common stock is listed on the New York Stock Exchange, or the NYSE, under the
symbol “DLR.” On April 4, 2025, the last reported sale price of our common stock on the NYSE was $137.50 per share. INVESTING IN OUR SECURITIES
INVOLVES RISKS. YOU SHOULD CAREFULLY READ AND CONSIDER THE “ RISK FACTORS ” ON PAGE 3 OF THIS PROSPECTUS AND ANY SIMILAR SECTION CONTAINED IN THE APPLICABLE PROSPECTUS SUPPLEMENT BEFORE INVESTING IN OUR SECURITIES. Neither the Securities and Exchange Commission nor any state securities commission has approved or disapproved of these securities or passed upon
the adequacy or accuracy of this prospectus. Any representation to the contrary is a criminal offense. The date of
this prospectus is    , 2025 You should rely only on the information contained in this prospectus, in an accompanying prospectus
supplement or incorporated by reference herein or therein. We have not authorized anyone to provide you with information or make any representation that is different. If anyone provides you with different or inconsistent information, you should not
rely on it. This prospectus and any accompanying prospectus supplement do not constitute an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to buy any securities other than the registered securities to which they relate, and this prospectus and any
accompanying prospectus supplement do not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy securities in any jurisdiction where, or to any person to whom, it is unlawful to make such an offer or solicitation. You should not assume
that the information contained in this prospectus and any accompanying prospectus supplement is correct on any date after the respective dates of this prospectus and such prospectus supplement or supplements, as applicable, even though this
prospectus and such prospectus supplement or supplements are delivered or securities are sold pursuant to this prospectus and such prospectus supplement or supplements at a later date. Since the respective dates of the prospectus contained in this
registration statement and any accompanying prospectus supplement, our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects may have changed. We may only use this prospectus to sell the securities if it is accompanied by a prospectus
supplement. TABLE OF CONTENTS ABOUT THIS PROSPECTUS | 1
OUR COMPANY | 2
RISK FACTORS | 3
WHERE YOU CAN FIND MORE INFORMATION | 4
INCORPORATION OF CERTAIN DOCUMENTS BY REFERENCE | 5
CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS | 6
USE OF PROCEEDS | 8
DESCRIPTION OF COMMON STOCK | 9
RESTRICTIONS ON OWNERSHIP AND TRANSFER | 12
DESCRIPTION OF THE PARTNERSHIP AGREEMENT OF DIGITAL REALTY TRUST, L.P. | 16
MATERIAL PROVISIONS OF MARYLAND LAW AND OF THE CHARTER AND BYLAWS OF DIGITAL REALTY TRUST, INC. | 23
UNITED STATES FEDERAL INCOME TAX CONSIDERATIONS | 30
SELLING SECURITYHOLDERS | 54
PLAN OF DISTRIBUTION | 56
LEGAL MATTERS | 57
EXPERTS | 57 i ABOUT THIS PROSPECTUS This prospectus is part of a registration statement that we filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, or the SEC, as a “well-known seasoned
issuer” as defined in Rule 405 under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, using a “shelf” registration process. By using a shelf registration statement, the selling securityholders named in this prospectus may sell shares
of common stock from time to time in one or more offerings as described in this prospectus. When the selling securityholders offer and resell shares of common stock, the selling securityholders may provide a prospectus supplement to this prospectus
that contains specific information about the common stock being offered and sold and the specific terms of that offering. We may also authorize one or more free writing prospectuses to be provided to you that may contain material information
relating to these offerings. Any prospectus supplement or free writing prospectus may also add, update or change information contained in or incorporated by reference into this prospectus with respect to that offering. If there is any inconsistency
between the information in or incorporated by reference into this prospectus and any applicable prospectus supplement or free writing prospectus, you should rely on the prospectus supplement or free writing prospectus, as applicable. Before
purchasing any shares of common stock, you should carefully read both this prospectus and any applicable prospectus supplement (and any applicable free writing prospectuses), together with the additional information described under the heading
“Where You Can Find More Information” and “Incorporation of Certain Documents by Reference.” Neither we, nor the selling
securityholders, have authorized anyone to provide you with any information or to make any representations other than those contained in this prospectus, any applicable prospectus supplement or any free writing prospectuses prepared by or on behalf
of us or to which we have referred you. We and the selling securityholders take no responsibility for, and can provide no assurance as to the reliability of, any other information that others may give you. The selling securityholders will not make
an offer to sell shares of common stock in any jurisdiction where the offer or sale is not permitted. You should assume that the information appearing in this prospectus and any applicable prospectus supplement to this prospectus is accurate only as
of the date on its respective cover, that the information appearing in any applicable free writing prospectus is accurate only as of the date of that free writing prospectus, and that any information incorporated by reference is accurate only as of
the date of the document incorporated by reference, unless we indicate otherwise. Our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects may have changed since those dates. This prospectus incorporates by reference, and any
prospectus supplement or free writing prospectus may contain and incorporate by reference, market data and industry statistics and forecasts that are based on independent industry publications and other publicly available information. Although we
believe these sources are reliable, we do not guarantee the accuracy or completeness of this information and we have not independently verified this information. In addition, the market and industry data and forecasts that may be included or
incorporated by reference in this prospectus, any prospectus supplement or any applicable free writing prospectus may involve estimates, assumptions and other risks and uncertainties and are subject to change based on various factors, including
those discussed under the heading “Risk Factors” contained in this prospectus, the applicable prospectus supplement and any applicable free writing prospectus, and under similar headings in other documents that are incorporated by
reference into this prospectus. Accordingly, investors should not place undue reliance on this information. Unless otherwise indicated or unless the
context requires otherwise, all references in this prospectus to “we,” “us,” “our,” “our company” or “the company” refer to Digital Realty Trust, Inc., a Maryland corporation, together with its
consolidated subsidiaries, including Digital Realty Trust, L.P., a Maryland limited partnership, of which Digital Realty Trust, Inc. is the sole general partner. In statements regarding qualification as a REIT, such terms refer solely to Digital
Realty Trust, Inc. Unless otherwise indicated or unless the context requires otherwise, all references in this prospectus to “our operating partnership” or “the operating partnership” refer to Digital Realty Trust, L.P. together
with its consolidated subsidiaries. When we refer to “you,” we mean the potential holders of our common stock. 1 OUR COMPANY We are a leading global provider of data center, colocation and interconnection solutions for customers across a variety of industry verticals. Digital Realty
Trust, L.P., a Maryland limited partnership, is the entity through which Digital Realty Trust, Inc., a Maryland corporation, conducts its business of owning, acquiring, developing and operating data centers. Digital Realty Trust, Inc. operates as a
REIT for U.S. federal income tax purposes. Our principal executive offices are located at 2323 Bryan Street, Suite 1800, Dallas, Texas 75201. Our
telephone number is (214) 231-1350. Our website is www.digitalrealty.com. The information found on, or otherwise accessible through, our website is not incorporated into, and does not form a part of, this
prospectus or any other report or document we file with or furnish to the SEC. 2 RISK FACTORS Investment in any shares of our common stock offered pursuant to this prospectus and the applicable prospectus supplement involves risks. Before acquiring any
offered shares of our common stock pursuant to this prospectus, you should carefully consider the information contained or incorporated by reference in this prospectus or in any accompanying prospectus supplement, including, without limitation, the
risk factors incorporated by reference to the company’s and the operating partnership’s most recent combined Annual Report on Form 10-K and any subsequent Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q or Current Reports on Form 8-K we file after the date of this prospectus, and the other information contained or incorporated by reference in this prospectus, as updated
by our subsequent filings under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or the Exchange Act, and the risk factors and other information contained in the applicable prospectus supplement before acquiring any of such securities. The
occurrence of any of these risks might cause you to lose all or a part of your investment in the offered shares of our common stock. Please also refer to the section below entitled “Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements.” 3 WHERE YOU CAN FIND MORE INFORMATION We file annual, quarterly and special reports, proxy statements and other information with the SEC. The SEC maintains a web site that contains reports, proxy
and information statements and other information about issuers, such as us, who file electronically with the SEC at www.sec.gov. The address of that website is http://www.sec.gov. In addition, we maintain a website that contains information about us at www.digitalrealty.com. The information found on, or otherwise accessible through,
this website is not incorporated into, and does not form a part of, this prospectus or any other report or document we file with or furnish to the SEC. This prospectus and any prospectus supplement are part of a registration statement that we filed with the SEC and do not contain all of the information in the
registration statement. The full registration statement may be obtained from the SEC as provided above, or us, as provided below. Other documents establishing the terms of the offered common stock are or may be filed as exhibits to the registration
statement or documents incorporated by reference in the registration statement. Statements in this prospectus or any prospectus supplement about these documents are summaries and each statement is qualified in all respects by reference to the
document to which it refers. You should refer to the actual documents for a more complete description of the relevant matters. You may inspect a copy of the registration statement through the SEC’s website, as provided above. 4 INCORPORATION OF CERTAIN DOCUMENTS BY REFERENCE The SEC’s rules allow us to “incorporate by reference” information into this prospectus, which means that we can disclose important information
to you by referring you to another document filed separately with the SEC. The information incorporated by reference is deemed to be part of this prospectus, and subsequent information that we file with the SEC will automatically update and
supersede that information. Any statement contained in this prospectus or a previously filed document incorporated by reference will be deemed to be modified or superseded for purposes of this prospectus to the extent that a statement contained in
this prospectus or a subsequently filed document incorporated by reference modifies or replaces that statement. This prospectus and any accompanying
prospectus supplement incorporate by reference the documents set forth below that have previously been filed with the SEC: • | the combined Annual Report on Form 10-K of Digital Realty Trust, Inc. and Digital Realty Trust, L.P. for the year ended December 31, 2024; • | the Definitive Proxy Statement on Schedule 14A of Digital Realty Trust, Inc. filed with the SEC on April 26, 2024 (solely to the extent specifically incorporated by reference into the combined Annual Report on Form 10-K of Digital Realty Trust, Inc. and Digital Realty Trust, L.P. for the year ended December 31, 2023); and • | the description of Digital Realty Trust, Inc.’s common stock, par value $0.01 per share, contained in Digital Realty Trust, Inc.’s Registration Statement on Form 8-A filed on October 28, 2004 (file number 001-32336), including any amendment or reports filed for the purpose of updating this description. All reports and other documents we subsequently file pursuant to Section 13(a), 13(c), 14 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act after the date of this prospectus
and prior to the termination of the offering of the securities described in this prospectus, including all such documents we may file with the SEC after the date of the initial registration statement and prior to the effectiveness of the
registration statement, but excluding any information furnished to, rather than filed with, the SEC, will also be incorporated by reference into this prospectus and deemed to be part of this prospectus from the date of the filing of such reports and
documents. We will provide without charge to each person, including any beneficial owner, to whom a prospectus is delivered, on written or oral request
of that person, a copy of any or all of the documents we are incorporating by reference into this prospectus, other than exhibits to those documents unless those exhibits are specifically incorporated by reference into those documents. A written
request should be addressed to Investor Relations, Digital Realty Trust, Inc., 2323 Bryan Street, Suite 1800, Dallas, Texas 75201. 5 CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS We make statements in this prospectus, any accompanying prospectus supplement and the documents that we incorporate by reference in each that are
forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws. In particular, statements pertaining to our capital resources, portfolio performance, our ability to lease vacant space and space under development, leverage policy and
acquisition and capital expenditure plans, as well as our discussion of “Factors Which May Influence Future Results of Operations,” contain forward-looking statements. Likewise, all of our statements regarding anticipated market
conditions, demographics and results of operations are forward-looking statements. You can identify forward-looking statements by the use of forward-looking terminology such as “believes,” “expects,” “may,”
“will,” “should,” “seeks,” “approximately,” “intends,” “plans,” “pro forma,” “estimates” or “anticipates” or the negative of these words and phrases or similar
words or phrases which are predictions of or indicate future events or trends and which do not relate solely to historical matters. You can also identify forward-looking statements by discussions of strategy, plans or intentions. Forward-looking statements involve numerous risks and uncertainties and you should not rely on them as predictions of future events. Forward-looking
statements depend on assumptions, data or methods that may be incorrect or imprecise and that we may not be able to realize. We do not guarantee that the transactions and events described will happen as described or that they will happen at all. The
following factors, among others, could cause actual results and future events to differ materially from those set forth or contemplated in the forward-looking statements: • | reduced demand for data centers or decreases in information technology spending; • | decreased rental rates, increased operating costs or increased vacancy rates; • | increased competition or available supply of data center space; • | the suitability of our data centers and data center infrastructure, delays or disruptions in connectivity or availability of power, or failures or breaches of our physical and information security infrastructure or services; • | breaches of our obligations or restrictions under our contracts with our customers; • | our inability to successfully develop and lease new properties and development space, and delays or unexpected costs in development of properties; • | the impact of current global and local economic, credit and market conditions; • | increased tariffs, global supply chain or procurement disruptions, or increased supply chain costs; • | the impact from periods of heightened inflation on our costs, such as operating and general and administrative expenses, interest expense and real estate acquisition and construction costs; • | the impact on our customers’ and our suppliers’ operations during an epidemic, pandemic, or other global events; • | our dependence upon significant customers, bankruptcy or insolvency of a major customer or a significant number of smaller customers, or defaults on or non-renewal of leases by customers; • | changes in political conditions, geopolitical turmoil, political instability, civil disturbances, restrictive governmental actions or nationalization in the countries in which we operate; • | our inability to retain data center space that we lease or sublease from third parties; • | information security and data privacy breaches; • | difficulties managing an international business and acquiring or operating properties in foreign jurisdictions and unfamiliar metropolitan areas; • | our failure to realize the intended benefits from, or disruptions to our plans and operations or unknown or contingent liabilities related to, our recent and future acquisitions; 6 • | our failure to successfully integrate and operate acquired or developed properties or businesses; • | difficulties in identifying properties to acquire and completing acquisitions; • | risks related to joint venture investments, including as a result of our lack of control of such investments; • | risks associated with using debt to fund our business activities, including re-financing and interest rate risks, our failure to repay debt when due, adverse changes in our credit ratings or our breach of covenants or other terms contained in our loan facilities and agreements; • | our failure to obtain necessary debt and equity financing, and our dependence on external sources of capital; • | financial market fluctuations and changes in foreign currency exchange rates; • | adverse economic or real estate developments in our industry or the industry sectors that we sell to, including risks relating to decreasing real estate valuations and impairment charges and goodwill and other intangible asset impairment charges; • | our inability to manage our growth effectively; • | losses in excess of our insurance coverage; • | our inability to attract and retain talent; • | environmental liabilities, risks related to natural disasters and our inability to achieve our sustainability goals; • | the expected operating performance of anticipated near-term acquisitions and descriptions relating to these expectations; • | our inability to comply with rules and regulations applicable to our Company; • | Digital Realty Trust, Inc.’s failure to maintain its status as a REIT for U.S. federal income tax purposes; • | Digital Realty Trust, L.P.’s failure to qualify as a partnership for U.S. federal income tax purposes; • | restrictions on our ability to engage in certain business activities; • | changes in local, state, federal and international laws and regulations, including related to taxation, real estate and zoning laws, and increases in real property tax rates; and • | the impact of any financial, accounting, legal or regulatory issues or litigation that may affect us. While forward-looking statements reflect our good faith beliefs, they are not guarantees of future performance. We disclaim any
obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statement to reflect changes in underlying assumptions or factors, new information, data or methods, future events or other changes. The risks included here are not exhaustive, and
additional factors could adversely affect our business and financial performance, including factors and risks included in other sections of this prospectus, the accompanying prospectus or the documents incorporated by reference herein or therein.
Those risks continue to be relevant to our performance and financial condition. Moreover, we operate in a very competitive and rapidly changing environment. New risk factors emerge from time to time and it is not possible for management to identify
all such risk factors, nor can we assess the impact of all such risk factors on the business or the extent to which any factor, or combination of factors, may cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in any forward-looking
statements. Given these risks and uncertainties, investors should not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements as a prediction of actual results. For a further discussion of these and other factors that could impact our future results,
performance or transactions, see the section entitled “Risk Factors” in this prospectus, in the accompanying prospectus and in our most recent Combined Annual Report on Form 10-K and our other
periodic reports (in each case, including any amendments thereto), as well as the other risks described in the documents incorporated by reference in this prospectus and any accompanying prospectus supplement. 7 USE OF PROCEEDS We are filing the registration statement of which this prospectus forms a part pursuant to our contractual obligation to the holders of the notes named in the
section entitled “Selling Securityholders.” We will not receive any of the proceeds from the resale of shares of our common stock from time to time by such selling securityholders. The selling securityholders will pay any underwriting, brokerage or similar fees or discounts or selling commissions. We have agreed, however, to pay certain
expenses relating to the registration of the shares of our common stock under applicable securities laws. 8 DESCRIPTION OF COMMON STOCK General The following description of Digital Realty
Trust, Inc.’s common stock sets forth certain general terms and provisions of the common stock to which any prospectus supplement may relate and will apply to the common stock offered by this prospectus unless we provide otherwise in the
applicable prospectus supplement. The description of Digital Realty Trust, Inc.’s common stock set forth below and in any prospectus supplement does not purport to be complete and is subject to and qualified in its entirety by reference to the
applicable provisions of Digital Realty Trust, Inc.’s charter and bylaws. General . The company’s charter provides that it may issue up
to 502,000,000 shares of its common stock, par value $0.01 per share, or the common stock. As of April 4, 2025, 336,748,718 shares of the common stock were issued and outstanding, excluding: • | Approximately 3.0 million shares available for future issuance under our incentive award plans; • | 1,955,082 shares issuable upon redemption of outstanding vested long-term incentive units (including class C profits interest units of our operating partnership, or class C units, and class D profits interest units of our operating partnership, or class D units) issued under our incentive award plans; • | 322,701 shares issuable upon redemption of outstanding unvested long-term incentive units (excluding unvested class D units) issued under our incentive award plans; • | 4,049,035 shares issuable upon redemption of outstanding common units; • | 886,842 shares issuable upon vesting of restricted stock units; • | 22,668 shares potentially issuable upon redemption of outstanding unvested class D units; • | 2,828 shares potentially issuable upon redemption of unvested market performance-based restricted stock units; • | 424,542 shares potentially issuable upon achievement of a performance condition for unvested class D units; • | 68,139 shares potentially issuable upon achievement of a performance condition for unvested market performance-based restricted stock units; • | 6,623,655 shares of common stock potentially issuable upon exchange of the notes; and • | A maximum of 3,401,680, 3,663,324 and 5,315,484 shares of common stock potentially issuable upon conversion of the company’s series J preferred stock, series K preferred stock and series L preferred stock respectively, in each case upon the occurrence of specified change in control transactions. All outstanding shares of the common stock are duly authorized, fully paid and nonassessable. Subject to the preferential rights of any other class or series
of stock and to the provisions of the company’s charter regarding the restrictions on transfer of stock, holders of shares of the common stock are entitled to receive dividends on such stock if, as and when authorized by the company’s
board of directors out of assets legally available therefor and declared by the company and to share ratably in the assets of the company legally available for distribution to the company’s stockholders in the event of the company’s
liquidation, dissolution or winding up after payment or establishment of reserves for all known debts and liabilities of the company. Subject to the
provisions of the company’s charter regarding the restrictions on transfer of stock and except as may be otherwise specified therein with respect to any class or series of common stock, each outstanding share of the common stock entitles the
holder to one vote on all matters submitted to a vote of stockholders, including the election of directors and, except as provided with respect to any other class or series of stock, the holders of such 9 shares will possess the exclusive voting power. There is no cumulative voting in the election of the company’s board of directors, which means that the holders of a majority of the
outstanding shares of the common stock can elect all of the directors then standing for election and the holders of the remaining shares will not be able to elect any directors. Directors are elected by a majority of all the votes cast at a meeting
of stockholders duly called and at which a quorum is present if the election is uncontested. Directors are elected by a plurality of the votes cast at a meeting of stockholders duly called and at which a quorum is present if the election is
contested. Holders of shares of the common stock have no preference, conversion, exchange, sinking fund or redemption rights, have no preemptive rights
to subscribe for any securities of the company and generally have no appraisal rights unless the company’s board of directors determines that appraisal rights apply, with respect to all or any classes or series of stock, to one or more
transactions occurring after the date of such determination in connection with which stockholders would otherwise be entitled to exercise appraisal rights. Subject to the provisions of the company’s charter regarding the restrictions on
transfer of stock, shares of the common stock will have equal dividend, liquidation and other rights. Under the Maryland General Corporation Law, or
MGCL, a Maryland corporation generally cannot dissolve, amend its charter, merge, convert, sell all or substantially all of its assets, engage in a share exchange or engage in similar transactions outside the ordinary course of business unless the
action is approved by the affirmative vote of stockholders entitled to cast at least two-thirds of the votes entitled to be cast on the matter unless a lesser percentage (but not less than a majority of all of
the votes entitled to be cast on the matter) is set forth in the corporation’s charter. Except for certain charter amendments relating to the removal of directors and the vote required for certain amendments, the company’s charter provides
that these actions may be taken if declared advisable by a majority of the company’s board of directors and approved by the vote of stockholders entitled to cast a majority of the votes entitled to be cast on the matter. However, Maryland law
permits a corporation to transfer all or substantially all of its assets without the approval of the stockholders of the corporation to one or more persons if all of the equity interests of the person or persons are owned, directly or indirectly, by
the corporation. In addition, operating assets may be held by a corporation’s subsidiaries, as in the company’s situation, and these subsidiaries may be able to transfer all or substantially all of such assets without a vote of the parent
corporation’s stockholders. The company’s charter authorizes its board of directors to reclassify any unissued shares of the common stock into
other classes or series of stock and to establish the number of shares in each class or series and to set the preferences, conversion and other rights, voting powers, restrictions, limitations as to dividends or other distributions, qualifications
or terms or conditions of redemption for each such class or series. Power to Increase Authorized Stock and Issue Additional Shares of the Common
Stock The company’s board of directors has the power to amend the company’s charter from time to time without stockholder approval to
increase or decrease the number of authorized shares of common stock, to issue additional authorized but unissued shares of the common stock and to classify or reclassify unissued shares of the common stock into other classes or series of stock and
thereafter to cause the company to issue such classified or reclassified shares of stock. The company believes these powers provide it with increased flexibility in structuring possible future financings and acquisitions and in meeting other needs
which might arise. Subject to the limited rights of holders of the company’s series J preferred stock, series K preferred stock and series L preferred stock and each other parity class or series of preferred stock, voting together as a single
class, to approve certain issuances of senior classes or series of stock, the additional classes or series, as well as the common stock, will be available for issuance without further action by the company’s stockholders, unless stockholder
consent is required by applicable law or the rules of any stock exchange or automated quotation system on which the company’s securities may be listed or traded. Although the company’s board of directors does not intend to do so, it could
authorize us to issue a class or series that could, depending upon the terms of the particular class or series, delay, defer or prevent a transaction or a change of control of the company that might involve a premium price for the company’s
stockholders or otherwise be in their best interest. 10 Restrictions on Ownership and Transfer To assist us in complying with certain U.S. federal income tax requirements applicable to REITs, the company has adopted certain restrictions relating to the
ownership and transfer of the common stock. See “Restrictions on Ownership and Transfer.” Transfer Agent and Registrar The transfer agent and registrar for the common stock is Equiniti Trust Company, LLC. 11 RESTRICTIONS ON OWNERSHIP AND TRANSFER The following summary with respect to restrictions on ownership and transfer of Digital Realty Trust, Inc.’s stock sets forth certain general terms
and provisions of the company’s charter documents to which any prospectus supplement may relate. This summary does not purport to be complete and is subject to and qualified in its entirety by reference to the company’s charter documents,
as amended and supplemented from time to time. Copies of the company’s existing charter documents are filed with the SEC and are incorporated by reference as exhibits to the registration statement of which this prospectus is a part. Any
amendment or supplement to the company’s charter documents relating to an issuance of securities pursuant to this prospectus shall be filed with the SEC and shall be incorporated by reference as an exhibit to the applicable prospectus
supplement. See “Where You Can Find More Information.” In order for the company to qualify as a REIT under the Internal Revenue Code of
1986, as amended, or the Code, the company’s stock must be beneficially owned by 100 or more persons during at least 335 days of a taxable year of 12 months (other than the first year for which an election to be a REIT has been made) or during
a proportionate part of a shorter taxable year. Also, not more than 50% of the value of the outstanding shares of stock may be owned, directly or indirectly, by five or fewer individuals (as defined in the Code to include certain entities such as
qualified pension plans) during the last half of a taxable year (other than the first year for which an election to be a REIT has been made). The
company’s charter contains restrictions on the ownership and transfer of the common stock, preferred stock and capital stock that are intended to assist the company in complying with these requirements and continuing to qualify as a REIT. The
relevant sections of the company’s charter provide that, subject to the exceptions described below, no person or entity may beneficially own, or be deemed to own by virtue of the applicable constructive ownership provisions of the Code, more
than 9.8% (by value or by number of shares, whichever is more restrictive) of the outstanding shares of the common stock or of any series of preferred stock, or more than 9.8% of the value of the company’s outstanding capital stock. The company
refers to these restrictions as the “common stock ownership limit,” the “preferred stock ownership limit” and the “aggregate stock ownership limit,” respectively. A person or entity that becomes subject to one of the
ownership limits by virtue of a violative transfer that results in a transfer to a trust, as set forth below, is referred to as a “purported beneficial transferee” if, had the violative transfer been effective, the person or entity would
have been a record owner and beneficial owner or solely a beneficial owner of the common stock, any series of the company’s preferred stock, or the company’s capital stock, as applicable, or is referred to as a “purported record
transferee” if, had the violative transfer been effective, the person or entity would have been solely a record owner of the common stock, any series of the company’s preferred stock, or the company’s capital stock, as applicable. The constructive ownership rules under the Code are complex and may cause stock owned actually or constructively by a group of related individuals and/or
entities to be owned constructively by one individual or entity. As a result, the acquisition of less than 9.8% of the common stock or any series of the company’s preferred stock or less than 9.8% of the value of the company’s outstanding
capital stock (or the acquisition of an interest in an entity that owns, actually or constructively, the company’s capital stock) by an individual or entity could, nevertheless, cause that individual or entity, or another individual or entity,
to own constructively more than 9.8% of the company’s outstanding common stock or a series of the company’s preferred stock or capital stock, as applicable, and thereby subject such stock to the applicable ownership limit. The company’s board of directors may, in its sole discretion waive, prospectively or retroactively, the common stock ownership limit or aggregate stock
ownership limit with respect to the beneficial ownership of a particular stockholder if it determines that such waiver will not cause any individual’s beneficial ownership of shares of the company’s capital stock to violate the aggregate
stock ownership limit and that any exemption from the applicable ownership limit will not jeopardize the company’s status as a REIT. The
company’s board of directors may, in its sole discretion waive, prospectively or retroactively, the common stock ownership limit or aggregate stock ownership limit with respect to the constructive ownership of a 12 particular stockholder if it determines that such stockholder does not and will not own, actually or constructively, an interest in a tenant of the company (or a tenant of any entity owned in
whole or in part by the company) that would cause the company to own, actually or constructively, more than a 9.8% interest (as set forth in Section 856(d)(2)(B) of the Code) in such tenant or that any such ownership would not cause the company
to fail to qualify as a REIT under the Code. The company’s board of directors may also, in its sole discretion waive, prospectively or
retroactively, the preferred stock ownership limit with respect to a particular stockholder if it determines that such waiver will not: (1) cause any individual’s beneficial ownership of shares of the company’s capital stock to
violate the aggregate stock ownership limit, or (2) jeopardize the company’s status as a REIT. As a condition of the company’s waiver, the
company’s board of directors may require an opinion of counsel or IRS ruling satisfactory to the company’s board of directors, and/or representations or undertakings from the applicant with respect to preserving the company’s REIT
status. In connection with a waiver of an ownership limit or at any other time, the company’s board of directors may increase the applicable
ownership limit for one or more persons and decrease the applicable ownership limit for all other persons and entities; provided, however, that the decreased ownership limit will not be effective for any person or entity whose percentage ownership
in the common stock, any series of the company’s preferred stock or capital stock, as applicable, exceeds the decreased ownership limit until such time as such person or entity’s percentage ownership equals or falls below the decreased
ownership limit; but any further acquisition of the company’s common, preferred or capital stock, as applicable, in excess of such percentage ownership will be in violation of the applicable ownership limit. Additionally, the new ownership
limit, as applicable, may not allow five or fewer stockholders to beneficially own more than 49% in value of the company’s outstanding capital stock. The company’s charter further prohibits: • | any person from beneficially or constructively owning shares of the company’s stock that would result in our being “closely held” under Section 856(h) of the Code or otherwise cause the company to fail to qualify as a REIT; and • | any person from transferring shares of the company’s capital stock if such transfer would result in shares of the company’s stock being beneficially owned by fewer than 100 persons (determined without reference to any rules of attribution). Any person who acquires or attempts or intends to acquire beneficial or constructive ownership of shares of the company’s stock that will or may violate
any of the foregoing restrictions on transferability and ownership will be required to give notice immediately to the company and provide the company with such other information as it may request in order to determine the effect of such transfer on
the company’s status as a REIT. The foregoing provisions on transferability and ownership will not apply if the company’s board of directors determines that it is no longer in the company’s best interests to attempt to qualify, or to
continue to qualify, as a REIT. Pursuant to the company’s charter, if any purported transfer of the company’s stock or any other event would
otherwise result in any person violating the ownership limits or such other limit as established by the company’s board of directors or would result in the company being “closely held” under Section 856(h) of the Code or
otherwise failing to qualify as a REIT, then that number of shares in excess of the applicable ownership limit or causing us to be “closely held” or otherwise to fail to qualify as a REIT (rounded up to the nearest whole share) will be
automatically transferred to, and held by, a trust for the exclusive benefit of one or more charitable organizations selected by the company and the intended transferee will acquire no rights in such shares. The automatic transfer will be effective
as of the close of business on the business day prior to the date of the violative transfer or other event that results in the transfer to the trust. Any dividend or other distribution paid to the purported record transferee that are owed by the
purported record transferee to the trust as described above, 13 must be repaid to the trustee upon demand for distribution to the beneficiary of the trust, and the trustee may reduce the amount payable to the purported record transferee upon the sale of the
shares transferred to the trustee (as described below) by the amount of any such dividends or other distributions which have not been repaid to the trustee. If the transfer to the trust as described above is not automatically effective, for any
reason, to prevent a violation of the applicable ownership limit or the company’s being “closely held” or otherwise failing to qualify as a REIT, then the company’s charter provides that the transfer of the shares in excess of
the ownership limit will be void. If any transfer would result in shares of the company’s stock being beneficially owned by fewer than 100 persons, then any such purported transfer will be void and of no force or effect and the intended
transferee will acquire no rights in the shares. Shares of the company’s stock transferred to the trustee are deemed offered for sale to the
company, or the company’s designee, at a price per share equal to the lesser of (1) the price paid by the purported record transferee for the shares (or, if the event which resulted in the transfer to the trust did not involve a purchase
of such shares of the company’s stock at market price, the last sales price reported on the NYSE on the trading day immediately preceding the day of the event which resulted in the transfer of such shares of the company’s stock to the
trust) and (2) the market price on the date the company, or its designee, accepts such offer. The company may reduce the amount payable to the purported record transferee by the amount of dividends and distributions which have been paid to the
purported record transferee and are owed by the purported record transferee to the trustee. The company will pay the amount of such reduction to the trustee for the benefit of the charitable beneficiary. The company has the right to accept such
offer until the trustee has sold the shares of the company’s stock held in the trust pursuant to the clauses discussed below. Upon a sale to the company, the interest of the charitable beneficiary in the shares sold terminates and the trustee
must distribute the net proceeds of the sale to the purported record transferee and any dividends or other distributions held by the trustee with respect to such stock will be paid to the charitable beneficiary. If the company does not buy the shares, the trustee must, within 20 days of receiving notice from the company of the transfer of shares to the trust, sell the
shares to a person or entity designated by the trustee who could own the shares without violating the common stock ownership limit or the preferred stock ownership limit, as applicable, and the aggregate stock ownership limit or such other limit as
established by the company’s board of directors. After that, the trustee must distribute to the purported record transferee an amount equal to the lesser of (1) the price paid by the purported record transferee or owner for the shares (or,
if the event which resulted in the transfer to the trust did not involve a purchase of such shares at market price, the last sales price reported on the NYSE on the trading day immediately preceding the day of the event which resulted in the
transfer of such shares of the company’s stock to the trust) and (2) the sales proceeds (net of commissions and other expenses of sale) received by the trustee for the shares. The trustee may reduce the amount payable to the purported
record transferee by the amount of dividends and distributions which have been paid to the purported record transferee and are owed by the purported record transferee to the trustee. Any net sales proceeds in excess of the amount payable to the
purported record transferee will be immediately paid to the charitable beneficiary, together with any dividends or other distributions thereon. In addition, if prior to discovery by the company that shares of the company’s stock have been
transferred to a trust, such shares of stock are sold by a purported record transferee, then such shares shall be deemed to have been sold on behalf of the trust and to the extent that the purported record transferee received an amount for or in
respect of such shares that exceeds the amount that such purported record transferee was entitled to receive, such excess amount shall be paid to the trustee upon demand. The purported beneficial transferee or purported record transferee has no
rights in the shares held by the trustee. The trustee will be designated by the company and will be unaffiliated with the company and with any purported
record transferee or purported beneficial transferee. Prior to the sale of any shares in excess of the common stock ownership limit, the preferred stock ownership limit or the aggregate stock ownership limit by the trust, the trustee will receive,
in trust for the beneficiary, all dividends and other distributions paid by the company with respect to the shares in excess of the applicable ownership limit, and may also exercise all voting rights with respect to such shares. 14 Subject to Maryland law, effective as of the date that the shares have been transferred to the trust, the
trustee will have the authority, at the trustee’s sole discretion: • | to rescind as void any vote cast by a purported record transferee prior to the company’s discovery that the shares have been transferred to the trust; and • | to recast the vote in accordance with the desires of the trustee acting for the benefit of the beneficiary of the trust. However, if the company has already taken irreversible corporate action, then the trustee may not rescind and recast the vote. In addition, if the company’s board of directors or other permitted designees determine in good faith that a proposed transfer would violate the
restrictions on ownership and transfer of the company’s stock set forth in the company’s charter, the company’s board of directors or other permitted designees will take such action as it deems or they deem advisable to refuse to give
effect to or to prevent such transfer, including, but not limited to, causing the company to redeem shares of common stock or preferred stock, refusing to give effect to the transfer on the company’s books or instituting proceedings to enjoin
the transfer. Any beneficial owner or constructive owner of shares of the company’s stock and any person or entity (including the stockholder of
record) who is holding shares of the company’s stock for a beneficial owner must, on request, provide the company with a completed questionnaire containing the information regarding the ownership of such shares, as set forth in the applicable
Treasury Regulations. In addition, any person or entity that is a beneficial owner or constructive owner of shares of the company’s stock and any person or entity (including the stockholder of record) who is holding shares of the company’s
stock for a beneficial owner or constructive owner shall, on request, be required to disclose to the company in writing such information as the company may request in order to determine the effect, if any, of such stockholder’s actual and
constructive ownership of shares of the company’s stock on the company’s status as a REIT and to ensure compliance with the common stock ownership limit, the preferred stock ownership limit and the aggregate stock ownership limit, or as
otherwise permitted by the company’s board of directors. All certificates representing shares of the company’s common stock and preferred stock
bear a legend referring to the restrictions described above. These restrictions on ownership and transfer could delay, defer or prevent a transaction or
a change of control of the company that might involve a premium price for the company’s stock or otherwise be in the best interest of the company’s stockholders. 15 DESCRIPTION OF THE PARTNERSHIP AGREEMENT OF DIGITAL REALTY
TRUST, L.P. The following is only a summary of certain terms and provisions of the Nineteenth Amended and Restated Agreement of Limited
Partnership of Digital Realty Trust, L.P., as amended, which we refer to as the partnership agreement, and is subject to, and qualified in its entirety by, the partnership agreement, a copy of which is filed as an exhibit to the registration
statement of which this prospectus is a part. Voting Rights Under the partnership agreement, Digital Realty Trust, Inc., as the operating partnership’s sole general partner, exercises exclusive and complete
responsibility and discretion in the operating partnership’s day-to-day management and control, can cause the operating partnership to enter into major transactions
including acquisitions, dispositions and refinancings, subject to certain limited exceptions, and may not be removed as general partner by the limited partners. The limited partners do not have voting rights relating to the operating
partnership’s operation and management, except in connection with matters, as described more fully below, involving amendments to the partnership agreement and transfers of the general partner’s interest. The limited partners expressly acknowledged that Digital Realty Trust, Inc., as the operating partnership’s general partner, is acting for the benefit of
the operating partnership, its limited partners and Digital Realty Trust, Inc.’s stockholders collectively. Neither Digital Realty Trust, Inc. nor its board of directors is under any obligation to give priority to the separate interests of the
limited partners or Digital Realty Trust, Inc.’s stockholders in deciding whether to cause the operating partnership to take or decline to take any actions. If there is a conflict between the interests of Digital Realty Trust, Inc.’s
stockholders on one hand and the operating partnership’s limited partners on the other, Digital Realty Trust, Inc. will endeavor in good faith to resolve the conflict in a manner not adverse to either Digital Realty Trust, Inc.’s
stockholders or the operating partnership’s limited partners; provided, however, that for so long as Digital Realty Trust, Inc. owns a controlling interest in the operating partnership, any conflict that cannot be resolved in a manner not
adverse to either Digital Realty Trust, Inc.’s stockholders or the operating partnership’s limited partners will be resolved in favor of Digital Realty Trust, Inc.’s stockholders. Digital Realty Trust, Inc. is not liable under the
partnership agreement to the operating partnership or to any partner for monetary damages for losses sustained, liabilities incurred, or benefits not derived by limited partners in connection with such decisions, provided, that it has acted in good
faith. Transferability of Interests Except in
connection with a transaction described in “—Termination Transactions” below, Digital Realty Trust, Inc., as general partner, may not voluntarily withdraw from, or transfer or assign all or any portion of its interest in, the
operating partnership without the consent of the holders of a majority of the limited partnership interests. Any transfer of units by the limited partners, except to immediate family members, to a trust for the benefit of a charitable beneficiary,
to a lending institution as collateral for a bona fide loan or to an affiliate or member of such limited partner, will be subject to a right of first refusal by Digital Realty Trust, Inc. All transfers must be made only to “accredited
investors” as defined under Rule 501 of the Securities Act. Amendments to the Partnership Agreement Amendments to the partnership agreement may be proposed by Digital Realty Trust, Inc., as general partner, or by limited partners owning at least 25% of the
units held by limited partners. Generally, the partnership agreement may not be amended, modified or terminated without the approval of limited partners
(other than limited partners 50% or more of whose equity is owned, directly or indirectly, by Digital Realty Trust, Inc. as general partner) holding a majority of all outstanding units held by limited partners. 16 As general partner, Digital Realty Trust, Inc. has the power to unilaterally make certain amendments to the
partnership agreement without obtaining the consent of the limited partners as may be required to: • | add to Digital Realty Trust, Inc.’s obligations as general partner or surrender any right or power granted to it as general partner for the benefit of the limited partners; • | reflect the issuance of additional units or the admission, substitution, termination or withdrawal of partners in accordance with the partnership agreement; • | set forth or amend the designations, rights, powers, duties and preferences of the holders of any additional units issued in accordance with the partnership agreement; • | reflect a change of an inconsequential nature that does not adversely affect the limited partners in any material respect, or cure any ambiguity, correct or supplement any provisions of the partnership agreement not inconsistent with law or with other provisions of the partnership agreement, or make other changes concerning matters under the partnership agreement that will not otherwise be inconsistent with the partnership agreement or law; • | satisfy any requirements, conditions or guidelines of federal or state law; • | reflect changes that are reasonably necessary for Digital Realty Trust, Inc., as general partner, to maintain its status as a REIT; or • | modify the manner in which capital accounts are computed. Amendments that would, among other things, convert a limited partner’s interest into a general partner’s interest, modify the limited liability of a
limited partner, alter a partner’s right to receive any distributions or allocations of profits or losses, adversely alter or modify the redemption rights or alter the protections of the limited partners in connection with termination
transactions described below must be approved by each limited partner that would be adversely affected by such amendment. In addition, without the
written consent of a majority of the units held by limited partners (other than limited partners 50% or more of whose equity is owned, directly or indirectly, by Digital Realty Trust, Inc. as general partner), Digital Realty Trust, Inc., as general
partner, may not do any of the following: • | take any action in contravention of an express prohibition or limitation contained in the partnership agreement; • | perform any act that would subject a limited partner to liability as a general partner in any jurisdiction or any liability not contemplated in the partnership agreement; • | enter into any contract, mortgage, loan or other agreement that prohibits or restricts, or has the effect of prohibiting or restricting, the ability of a limited partner to exercise its redemption/exchange rights explained below; • | enter into or conduct any business other than in connection with its role as the operating partnership’s general partner and its operation as a REIT; • | acquire an interest in real or personal property other than through the operating partnership; • | withdraw from the operating partnership or transfer any portion of its general partnership interest; or • | be relieved of its obligations under the partnership agreement following any permitted transfer of its general partnership interest. Distributions to Unitholders The partnership agreement provides that holders of common units are entitled to receive quarterly distributions of available cash on a pro rata basis in
accordance with their respective percentage interests. Digital Realty Trust, 17 Inc., as the sole holder of the operating partnership’s series J preferred units, series K preferred units and series L preferred units receives distributions from the operating partnership
with respect to such preferred units in order to make the distributions to series J preferred stockholders, series K preferred stockholders and series L preferred stockholders of Digital Realty Trust, Inc. Redemption/Exchange Rights Limited partners have the
right to require the operating partnership to redeem part or all of their units for cash based upon the fair market value of an equivalent number of shares of Digital Realty Trust, Inc. common stock at the time of the redemption. Alternatively,
Digital Realty Trust, Inc. may elect to acquire those units in exchange for shares of Digital Realty Trust, Inc. common stock. Digital Realty Trust, Inc.’s acquisition will be on a one-for-one basis, subject to adjustment in the event of stock splits, stock dividends, issuances of stock rights, specified extraordinary distributions and similar
events. Digital Realty Trust, Inc. presently anticipates that it will elect to issue shares of its common stock in exchange for units in connection with each redemption request, rather than having the operating partnership redeem the units for cash.
With each redemption or exchange, Digital Realty Trust, Inc.’s percentage ownership interest in the operating partnership increases. Limited partners who hold units may exercise this redemption right from time to time, in whole or in part,
except when, as a consequence of shares of Digital Realty Trust, Inc. common stock being issued, any person’s actual or constructive stock ownership would exceed Digital Realty Trust, Inc.’s ownership limits, or any other limit as provided
in its charter or as otherwise determined by its board of directors. In addition, if the number of units delivered by a limited partner for redemption
would, if exchanged for common stock, exceed 9.8% of Digital Realty Trust, Inc.’s outstanding common stock and $50.0 million in gross value (based on a unit value equal to the trailing ten-day daily
price of Digital Realty Trust, Inc. common stock) and Digital Realty Trust, Inc. is eligible to file a registration statement on Form S-3 under the Securities Act, then it may also elect to redeem the units
with the proceeds from a public offering or private placement of its common stock. In the event it elects this option, Digital Realty Trust, Inc. may require the other limited partners also to elect whether or not to participate. If it does so, any
limited partner who does not elect to participate will not be permitted to redeem units for the subsequent 12 months, subject to limited exceptions. Participating limited partners will receive on the redemption date the lesser of the cash the
operating partnership would otherwise be required to pay for such units or the net proceeds per share in the public offering, but will have a limited opportunity to withdraw their units from the redemption immediately prior to the pricing of the
public offering. Except as described above, a limited partner is not entitled to redeem common units, either for cash or shares of Digital Realty Trust, Inc. common stock, if exchanging the common units for shares of Digital Realty Trust, Inc.
common stock would violate the ownership limits set forth in Digital Realty Trust, Inc.’s charter. Partnership Right to Call Limited Partner
Interests At any time a limited partner owns fewer than 20,000 units or if a limited partners owns (i) partnership units that were granted as
profit interest units to such limited partner on or after September 21, 2018 and/or (ii) partnership units that were acquired by such limited partner as a result of the conversion of profits interest units that were granted to such limited
partner on after September 21, 2018, then at any time following the second anniversary of the date on which such limited partner ceases to provide services to the partnership, the general partner shall have the right, but not the obligation,
from time to time to redeem all outstanding units owned by such limited partner. Issuance of Additional Common Units, Preferred Units, Common Stock,
Preferred Stock or Convertible Securities As the operating partnership’s sole general partner, Digital Realty Trust, Inc. has the ability to
cause the operating partnership to issue additional units representing general and limited partnership interests. These additional units may include preferred limited partnership units. In addition, Digital Realty Trust, Inc. may issue additional
shares of its common stock or convertible securities, but only if it causes the operating partnership to 18 issue to it partnership interests or rights, options, warrants or convertible or exchangeable securities of the operating partnership having designations, preferences and other rights, so that
the economic interests of the operating partnership’s interests issued are substantially similar to the economic interests of the securities that Digital Realty Trust, Inc. has issued. Tax Matters Digital Realty Trust, Inc. is the operating
partnership’s “partnership representative” for U.S. federal income tax purposes and, as such, it has authority under the Code to handle tax audits and other proceedings on the operating partnership’s behalf. Further, as the
operating partnership’s general partner, Digital Realty Trust, Inc. generally has the authority to make tax elections under the Code on the operating partnership’s behalf. Allocations of Net Income and Net Losses to Partners The
operating partnership’s net income will generally be allocated to Digital Realty Trust, Inc. to the extent of the accrued preferred return on its preferred units, and then to Digital Realty Trust, Inc., as general partner, and the limited
partners in accordance with the respective percentage interests in the common units issued by the operating partnership. Net loss will generally be allocated to Digital Realty Trust, Inc., as general partner, and the limited partners in accordance
with the respective common percentage interests in the operating partnership until the limited partner’s capital is reduced to zero and any remaining net loss would be allocated to Digital Realty Trust, Inc. However, in some cases, losses may
be disproportionately allocated to partners who have guaranteed our debt. The allocations described above are subject to special allocations relating to depreciation deductions and to compliance with the provisions of Sections 704(b) and 704(c) of
the Code and the associated Treasury Regulations. In addition, Digital Realty Trust, Inc. may from time to time issue long-term incentive units, which
are also referred to as profits interest units, to persons who provide services to the company for such consideration or for no consideration as it may determine to be appropriate, and admit such persons as limited partners. The long-term incentive
units are similar to the operating partnership’s common units in many respects and rank pari passu with the operating partnership’s common units as to the payment of regular and special periodic or other distributions except
liquidating distributions. The long-term incentive units may be subject to vesting requirements. Initially, long-term incentive units do not have full parity with common units with respect to liquidating distributions. If such parity is reached,
vested long-term incentive units may be converted into an equal number of common units of the operating partnership at any time, and thereafter enjoy all the rights of common units of the operating partnership, including redemption rights. In order to achieve full parity with common units, long-term incentive units must be fully vested and the holder’s capital account balance in respect of
such long-term incentive units must be equal to the capital account balance of a holder of an equivalent number of common units. The capital account balance attributable to each common unit is generally expected to be the same, in part because of
the amount credited to a partner’s capital account upon their contribution of property to the operating partnership, and in part because the partnership agreement provides, in most cases, that allocations of income, gain, loss and deduction
(which will adjust the partners’ capital accounts) are to be made to the common units on a proportionate basis. As a result, with respect to a number of long-term incentive units, it is possible to determine the capital account balance of an
equivalent number of common units by multiplying the number of long-term incentive units by the capital account balance with respect to a common unit. A
partner’s initial capital account balance is equal to the amount the partner paid (or contributed to the operating partnership) for its units and is subject to subsequent adjustments, including with respect to the partner’s share of
income, gain or loss of the operating partnership. Because a holder of long-term incentive units generally will not pay for the long-term incentive units, the initial capital account balance attributable to such long-term incentive units will be
zero. However, the operating partnership is required to allocate income, gain, loss and deduction to 19 the partners’ capital accounts in accordance with the terms of the partnership agreement, subject to applicable Treasury Regulations. The partnership agreement provides that holders of
long-term incentive units will receive special allocations of gain in the event of a sale or “hypothetical sale” of assets of the operating partnership prior to the allocation of gain to Digital Realty Trust, Inc. or other limited partners
with respect to their common units. The amount of such allocation will, to the extent of any such gain, be equal to the difference between the capital account balance of a holder of long-term incentive units attributable to such units and the
capital account balance attributable to an equivalent number of common units. If and when such gain allocation is fully made, a holder of long-term incentive units will have achieved full parity with holders of common units. To the extent that, upon
an actual sale or a “hypothetical sale” of the operating partnership’s assets as described above, there is not sufficient gain to allocate to a holder’s capital account with respect to long-term incentive units, or if such sale
or “hypothetical sale” does not occur, such units will not achieve parity with common units. The term “hypothetical sale” refers to
circumstances that are not actual sales of the operating partnership’s assets but that require certain adjustments to the value of the operating partnership’s assets and the partners’ capital account balances. Specifically, the
partnership agreement provides that, from time to time, in accordance with applicable Treasury Regulations, the operating partnership will adjust the value of its assets to equal their respective fair market values, and adjust the partners’
capital accounts, in accordance with the terms of the partnership agreement, as if the operating partnership sold its assets for an amount equal to their value. Times for making such adjustments generally include the liquidation of the operating
partnership, the acquisition of an additional interest in the operating partnership by a new or existing partner in exchange for more than a de minimis capital contribution, the distribution by the operating partnership to a partner of more than a
de minimis amount of partnership property as consideration for an interest in the operating partnership, in connection with the grant of an interest in the operating partnership (other than a de minimis interest) as consideration for the performance
of services to or for the benefit of the operating partnership (including the grant of a long-term incentive unit), the issuance by the operating partnership of certain noncompensatory options, the acquisition of a partnership interest upon the
exercise of a noncompensatory option and at such other times as may be desirable or required to comply with the Treasury Regulations. The operating
partnership may also from time to time issue class C units or class D units to persons who provide services to it for such consideration or for no consideration as it may determine to be appropriate. If all applicable performance and other vesting
conditions are satisfied with respect to a class C unit or a class D unit, the class C unit or class D unit, as applicable, will be treated in the same manner as the long-term incentive units issued by the operating partnership. Class C units
and class D units are not entitled to quarterly distributions prior to the satisfaction of all applicable performance conditions. In addition, the operating partnership may issue class D units that are subject to performance vesting, which generally
receive quarterly per-unit distributions equal to ten percent of the distributions made with respect to an equivalent number of common units. Class C units and class D units, other than class D units that
are not performance vested, are subject to the same conditions as other long-term incentive units with respect to achieving full parity with common units. Operations The partnership agreement provides that
Digital Realty Trust, Inc., as general partner, will determine in its discretion and distribute available cash on a quarterly basis, pro rata in accordance with the partners’ percentage interests. Available cash is the operating
partnership’s net operating cash flow plus the reduction of any reserves and minus principal payment on debt and capital expenditures, investments in any entity, and increase in reserves or working capital accounts and any amounts paid in
redemption of limited partner interests. The partnership agreement provides that the operating partnership will assume and pay when due, or reimburse
Digital Realty Trust, Inc. for payment of all costs and expenses relating to the operating partnership’s operations, or for the operating partnership’s benefit. 20 Termination Transactions The partnership agreement provides that Digital Realty Trust, Inc. may not engage in any merger, consolidation or other combination with or into another
person, sale of all or substantially all of its assets or any reclassification or any recapitalization or change in outstanding shares of its common stock, which we refer to as a termination transaction, unless in connection with a termination
transaction: (i) it obtains the consent of the holders of at least 35% of the operating partnership’s common units and long-term incentive units
(including units held by it), and (ii) either: (A) all limited partners will receive, or have the right to elect to receive, for each common unit an amount of cash, securities or other
property equal to the product of: • | the number of shares of Digital Realty Trust, Inc. common stock into which each unit is then exchangeable, and • | the greatest amount of cash, securities or other property paid to the holder of one share of Digital Realty Trust, Inc. common stock in consideration of one share of Digital Realty Trust, Inc. common stock in connection with the termination transaction, provided that, if, in connection with a termination transaction, a purchase, tender or exchange offer is made to and accepted by the holders of more than 50%
of the outstanding shares of Digital Realty Trust, Inc. common stock, each holder of common units will receive, or will have the right to elect to receive, the greatest amount of cash, securities or other property which such holder would have
received had it exercised its redemption right and received shares of Digital Realty Trust, Inc. common stock in exchange for its common units immediately prior to the expiration of such purchase, tender or exchange offer and accepted such purchase,
tender or exchange offer; or (B) the following conditions are met: • | substantially all of the assets of the surviving entity are held directly or indirectly by the operating partnership or another limited partnership or limited liability company which is the surviving partnership of a merger, consolidation or combination of assets with the operating partnership; • | the holders of common units and long-term incentive units own a percentage interest of the surviving partnership based on the relative fair market value of the operating partnership’s net assets and the other net assets of the surviving partnership immediately prior to the consummation of this transaction; • | the rights, preferences and privileges of such unit holders in the surviving partnership are at least as favorable as those in effect immediately prior to the consummation of the transaction and as those applicable to any other limited partners or non-managing members of the surviving partnership; and • | the limited partners may exchange their interests in the surviving partnership for either the consideration available to the limited partners pursuant to paragraph (A) in this section, or the right to redeem their common units for cash on terms equivalent to those in effect with respect to their common units immediately prior to the consummation of the transaction, or, if the ultimate controlling person of the surviving partnership has publicly traded common equity securities, shares of those common equity securities, at an exchange ratio based on the relative fair market value of those securities and Digital Realty Trust, Inc. common stock. Term The operating partnership will continue in full force and effect until December 31, 2104, or until sooner dissolved in accordance with the operating
partnership’s terms or as otherwise provided by law. 21 Indemnification and Limitation of Liability To the extent permitted by applicable law, the partnership agreement indemnifies Digital Realty Trust, Inc., as general partner, and its officers, directors,
employees, agents and any other persons it may designate from and against any and all claims arising from the operating partnership’s operations in which any indemnitee may be involved, or is threatened to be involved, as a party or otherwise,
unless it is established that: • | the act or omission of the indemnitee was material to the matter giving rise to the proceeding and either was committed in bad faith, constituted fraud or was the result of active and deliberate dishonesty; • | the indemnitee actually received an improper personal benefit in money, property or services; or • | in the case of any criminal proceeding, the indemnitee had reasonable cause to believe that the act or omission was unlawful. Similarly, Digital Realty Trust, Inc., as the operating partnership’s general partner, and its officers, directors,
agents or employees, are not liable or accountable to the operating partnership for losses sustained, liabilities incurred or benefits not derived as a result of errors in judgment or mistakes of fact or law or any act or omission so long as Digital
Realty Trust, Inc. acted in good faith. 22 MATERIAL PROVISIONS OF MARYLAND LAW AND OF THE CHARTER AND
BYLAWS OF DIGITAL REALTY TRUST, INC. The following summary of certain provisions of Maryland law and of Digital Realty Trust, Inc.’s charter
and bylaws does not purport to be complete and is subject to and qualified in its entirety by reference to Maryland law and the company’s charter and bylaws, copies of which are exhibits to the registration statement of which this prospectus is
a part. See “Where You Can Find More Information.” The Company’s Board of Directors The company’s bylaws provide that the number of directors of the company may be established by the company’s board of directors but may not be fewer
than the minimum number permitted under the MGCL or more than 15. Except as may be provided by the company’s board of directors in setting the terms of any class or series of stock, any vacancy may be filled only by a vote of a majority of the
remaining directors, even if the remaining directors do not constitute a quorum. Any director elected to fill a vacancy shall serve for the remainder of the full term of the directorship in which the vacancy occurred and until a successor is elected
and qualifies. Each of the company’s directors is elected by the company’s common stockholders to serve until the next annual meeting and until
their successors are duly elected and qualify. Holders of shares of the company’s common stock will have no right to cumulative voting in the election of directors. Consequently, at each annual meeting of stockholders, the holders of a majority
of the shares of the common stock will be able to elect all of the company’s directors. Additionally, in the event that the company is in arrears on dividends on the company’s series J preferred stock, series K preferred stock or series L
preferred stock for six or more quarterly periods, whether or not consecutive, holders of the company’s series J preferred stock, series K preferred stock or series L preferred stock as the case may be, voting as a single class with all other
series of preferred stock upon which like voting rights have been conferred and are exercisable, will have the right to elect two additional directors to the company’s board for a limited time. Removal of Directors The company’s charter provides
that a director may be removed only for cause (as defined in the company’s charter) and only by the affirmative vote of stockholders entitled to cast at least two-thirds of the votes entitled to be cast
generally in the election of directors. This provision, when coupled with the exclusive power of the company’s board of directors to fill vacant directorships, precludes stockholders from (1) removing incumbent directors except upon the
existence of cause for removal and a substantial affirmative vote and (2) filling the vacancies created by such removal with their own nominees. In addition, any director elected to the company’s board by the holders of the company’s
preferred stock may only be removed by a vote of preferred stockholders. Business Combinations Under the MGCL, certain “business combinations” (including a merger, consolidation, share exchange or, in certain circumstances, an asset transfer or
issuance or reclassification of equity securities) between a Maryland corporation and any interested stockholder, or an affiliate of such an interested stockholder, are prohibited for five years after the most recent date on which the interested
stockholder becomes an interested stockholder. Maryland law defines an interested stockholder as any person who beneficially owns, directly or indirectly, 10% or more of the voting power of the corporation’s outstanding voting stock or an
affiliate or associate of the corporation who, at any time within the two-year period prior to the date in question, was the beneficial owner of, directly or indirectly, 10% or more of the voting power of the
then outstanding stock of the corporation. A person is not an interested stockholder under the statute if the board of directors approved in advance the transaction by which the person otherwise would have become an interested stockholder. The
company’s board of directors may provide that its approval is subject to compliance with any terms and conditions determined by it. 23 After such five-year period, any such business combination must be recommended by the board of directors of
such corporation and approved by the affirmative vote of at least (1) 80% of the votes entitled to be cast by holders of outstanding shares of voting stock of the corporation and (2) two-thirds of the
votes entitled to be cast by holders of voting stock of the corporation other than shares held by the interested stockholder with whom (or with whose affiliate) the business combination is to be effected or by an affiliate or associate of the
interested stockholder, unless, among other conditions, the corporation’s common stockholders receive a minimum price (as defined in the MGCL) for their shares and the consideration is received in cash or in the same form as previously paid by
the interested stockholder for its shares. These provisions of the MGCL do not apply, however, to business combinations that are approved or exempted by
a board of directors prior to the time that the interested stockholder becomes an interested stockholder. Pursuant to the statute, the company’s board of directors has by resolution opted out of the business combination provisions of the MGCL
and, consequently, the five-year prohibition and the supermajority vote requirements will not apply to business combinations between us and any interested stockholder of the company. As a result, anyone who later becomes an interested stockholder
may be able to enter into business combinations with the company that may not be in the best interest of the company’s stockholders without compliance by the company with the super-majority vote requirements and the other provisions of the
statute. The company cannot assure you that its board of directors will not opt to be subject to such business combination provisions in the future. Control Share Acquisitions The MGCL provides that
“control shares” of a Maryland corporation acquired in a “control share acquisition” have no voting rights except to the extent approved at a special meeting by the affirmative vote of stockholders entitled to cast two-thirds of the votes entitled to be cast on the matter, excluding shares of stock in a corporation in respect of which any of the following persons is entitled to exercise or direct the exercise of the voting
power of shares of stock of the corporation in the election of directors: (1) a person who makes or proposes to make a control share acquisition, (2) an officer of the corporation or (3) an employee of the corporation who is also a
director of the corporation. “Control shares” are voting shares of stock which, if aggregated with all other such shares of stock previously acquired by the acquiror or in respect of which the acquiror is able to exercise or direct the
exercise of voting power (except solely by virtue of a revocable proxy), would entitle the acquiror to exercise voting power in electing directors within one of the following ranges of voting power: (1) one-tenth or more but less than one-third, (2) one-third or more but less than a majority, or (3) a majority
or more of all voting power. Control shares do not include shares the acquiring person is then entitled to vote as a result of having previously obtained stockholder approval. A “control share acquisition” means the acquisition of issued
and outstanding control shares, subject to certain exceptions. A person who has made or proposes to make a control share acquisition, upon satisfaction
of certain conditions (including an undertaking to pay expenses), may compel the company’s board of directors to call a special meeting of stockholders to be held within 50 days of demand to consider the voting rights of the control shares. If
no request for a meeting is made, the corporation may itself present the question at any stockholders’ meeting. If voting rights of control shares
are not approved at the meeting or if the acquiring person does not deliver an acquiring person statement as required by the statute, then, subject to certain conditions and limitations, the corporation may redeem any or all of the control shares
(except those for which voting rights have previously been approved) for fair value determined, without regard to the absence of voting rights for the control shares, as of the date of any meeting of stockholders at which the voting rights of such
shares are considered and not approved or, if no such meeting is held, as of the date of the last control share acquisition by the acquiror. If voting rights for control shares are approved at a stockholders’ meeting and the acquiror becomes
entitled to vote a majority of the shares entitled to vote, all other stockholders may exercise appraisal rights. The fair value of the shares as determined for purposes of such appraisal rights may not be less than the highest price per share paid
by the acquiror in the control share acquisition. 24 The control share acquisition statute does not apply (1) to shares acquired in a merger, consolidation
or share exchange if the corporation is a party to the transaction or (2) to acquisitions approved or exempted by the charter or bylaws of the corporation. The company’s bylaws contain a provision exempting from the control share acquisition statute any and all acquisitions by any person of the
company’s stock. The company cannot provide you any assurance that its board of directors will not amend or eliminate this provision at any time in the future. Subtitle 8 Title 3, Subtitle 8 of the MGCL permits a
Maryland corporation with a class of equity securities registered under the Exchange Act and at least three independent directors to elect to be subject, by provision in its charter or bylaws or a resolution of its board of directors and
notwithstanding any contrary provision in the charter or bylaws, to any of (1) a classified board of directors, (2) a two-thirds vote requirement for removing a director, (3) a requirement that
the number of directors be fixed only by vote of the directors, (4) a requirement that a vacancy on the board of directors be filled only by the remaining directors and for the remainder of the full term of the class of directors in which the
vacancy occurred, or (5) a majority requirement for the calling of a stockholder-requested special meeting of stockholders. Pursuant to Subtitle 8, the company has elected to provide that vacancies on its board of directors may be filled only
by the remaining directors and for the remainder of the full term of the directorship in which the vacancy occurred. Through provisions in the company’s charter and bylaws unrelated to Subtitle 8, the company already requires a two-thirds vote for the removal of any director from the board of directors, vests in the board of directors the exclusive power to fix the number of directorships and requires, unless called by the chairman of the
company’s board of directors, or the company’s president, chief executive officer or board of directors, the written request of stockholders entitled to cast a majority of all the votes entitled to be cast on any matter that may be
properly considered at a meeting of stockholders to call a special meeting to act on such matter. Amendments to the Company’s Charter and Bylaws The company’s charter generally may be amended only if such amendment is declared advisable by the company’s board of directors and approved
by the affirmative vote of stockholders entitled to cast a majority of all of the votes entitled to be cast on the matter. In the case of an amendment that would materially and adversely affect the company’s series J preferred stock, series K
preferred stock or series L preferred stock, the consent of the holders of two-thirds of the outstanding shares of the company’s series J preferred stock, series K preferred stock or series L preferred
stock, as the case may be, voting as a single class with all other classes or series of preferred stock ranking on parity with respect to the payment of dividends and distribution of assets upon the company’s liquidation and upon which like
voting rights have been conferred is also required. However, the company’s charter’s provisions regarding removal of directors and the vote required for certain amendments may be amended only if such amendment is declared advisable by the
company’s board of directors and approved by the affirmative vote of stockholders entitled to cast not less than two-thirds of all the votes entitled to be cast on the matter. The company’s board of
directors has the power to adopt, alter or repeal any provision of the company’s bylaws or to make new bylaws. Additionally, a stockholder or group of up to ten stockholders who have continuously owned 3% of the company’s common stock for
at least three years and who have met certain other requirements set forth in the company’s bylaws may propose amendments to the bylaws. Any such proposed amendment must be approved by the affirmative vote of stockholders entitled to cast a
majority of all votes entitled to be cast on the matter. Transactions Outside the Ordinary Course of Business The company may not merge with or into another company, convert to another entity, sell all or substantially all of its assets, engage in a share exchange or
engage in similar transactions outside the ordinary course of business unless the transaction is declared advisable by the company’s board of directors and approved by the affirmative 25 vote of stockholders entitled to cast a majority of all of the votes entitled to be cast on the matter. In the case of any such transaction that would materially and adversely affect the
company’s series J preferred stock, series K preferred stock or series L preferred stock, the company will also require the consent of the holders of two-thirds of the outstanding shares of the
company’s series J preferred stock, series K preferred stock or series L preferred stock, as the case may be, voting as a single class with all other classes or series of preferred stock ranking on parity with respect to the payment of
dividends and distribution of assets upon the company’s liquidation and upon which like voting rights have been conferred, provided , however, that if, upon the occurrence of such a transaction, series J preferred stock, series K
preferred stock or series L preferred stock, as the case may be, remains outstanding with materially unchanged terms, taking into account that the company may not be the surviving entity, then the transaction will not be deemed to materially and
adversely affect the company’s series J preferred stock, series K preferred stock or series L preferred stock. Furthermore, the company’s charter expressly provides that the consent of series J, series K or series L preferred stockholders
is not required for a transaction if, pursuant to such a transaction, series J, series K and series L preferred stockholders receive the greater of the full trading price of the series J preferred stock, series K preferred stock or series L
preferred stock, as the case may be, on the date of the transaction or the liquidation preference. Dissolution of the Company The dissolution of the company must be declared advisable by a majority of the company’s entire board of directors and approved by the affirmative vote of
stockholders entitled to cast a majority of all of the votes entitled to be cast on the matter. Advance Notice of Director Nominations and New
Business The company’s bylaws provide that: • | with respect to an annual meeting of stockholders, nominations of individuals for election to the company’s board of directors and the proposal of business to be considered by stockholders may be made only: • | pursuant to the company’s notice of the meeting; • | by or at the direction of the company’s board of directors; or • | by a stockholder who is a stockholder of record at the record date set by the Board of Directors for the purpose of determining stockholders entitled to vote at the annual meeting, at the time of giving the advance notice required by the company’s bylaws and at the time of the meeting (and any postponement or adjournment thereof), who is entitled to vote at the meeting in the election of each individual so nominated or any such other business and who has complied with the advance notice procedures set forth in the company’s bylaws; and • | with respect to special meetings of stockholders, only the business specified in the company’s notice of meeting may be brought before the meeting of stockholders and nominations of individuals for election to the company’s board of directors may be made only: • | by or at the direction of the company’s board of directors; or • | provided that the special meeting has been called in accordance with the bylaws for the purpose of electing directors, by a stockholder who is a stockholder of record at the record date set by the Board of Directors for the purpose of determining stockholders entitled to vote at the annual meeting, at the time of giving the advance notice required by the company’s bylaws and at the time of the meeting (and any postponement or adjournment thereof), who is entitled to vote at the meeting and in the election of each individual so nominated who has complied with the advance notice provisions set forth in the company’s bylaws. The advance notice procedures of the company’s bylaws provide that, to be timely, a
stockholder’s notice with respect to director nominations or proposals for an annual meeting must be delivered to the company’s corporate 26 secretary at the company’s principal executive office not earlier than the 150th day nor later than 5:00 p.m., Pacific Time, on the 120th day prior to the first anniversary of the date of
the proxy statement for the company’s preceding year’s annual meeting. If the date of the annual meeting is advanced or delayed by more than 30 days from the first anniversary of the date of the preceding year’s annual meeting, to be
timely, a stockholder’s notice must be delivered not earlier than the 150th day prior to the date of such annual meeting and not later than 5:00 p.m., Pacific time, on the later of the 120th day prior to the date of such annual meeting, as
originally convened, or the tenth day following the day on which public announcement of the date of such meeting is first made. Proxy Access The company’s bylaws contain proxy access provisions which permit any stockholder or group of up to 20 shareholders owning at least 3% of the
company’s outstanding shares of common stock continuously for at least three years to nominate and include up to a specified number of director nominees in the company’s proxy materials for an annual meeting of shareholders. The maximum
number of stockholder nominees permitted under these proxy access provisions shall not exceed 20% of the total number of directors in office as of the last day on which a stockholder nomination may be delivered. Under such proxy access provisions, a stockholder’s written notice of nominations of individuals for election to the company’s board of directors to
be included in the company’s proxy statement for an annual meeting must be delivered to the secretary of the company at the company’s principal executive offices not earlier than the 150th day nor later than 5:00 p.m., Pacific Time, on the
120th day prior to the anniversary of the date of the proxy statement for the preceding year’s annual meeting of stockholders. Neither the postponement or adjournment of an annual meeting, nor the public disclosure of such postponement or
adjournment, commences a new time period for the giving of a stockholder’s written notice. Anti-takeover Effect of Certain Provisions of Maryland
Law and of the Company’s Charter and Bylaws The provisions of the company’s charter on removal of directors and the advance notice
provisions of the bylaws could delay, defer or prevent a transaction or a change of control of the company that might involve a premium price for holders of the company’s common stock or otherwise be in their best interest. Likewise, if the
company’s board of directors were to opt in to the business combination provisions of the MGCL or the provisions of Title 3, Subtitle 8 of the MGCL not already applicable to the company, or if the provision in the bylaws opting out of the
control share acquisition provisions of the MGCL were rescinded, these provisions of the MGCL could have similar anti-takeover effects. Ownership
Limit The company’s charter provides that no person or entity may beneficially own, or be deemed to own by virtue of the applicable constructive
ownership provisions of the Code, more than 9.8% (by value or by number of shares, whichever is more restrictive) of the outstanding shares of the company’s common stock or any series of preferred stock or more than 9.8% of the value of the
company’s outstanding capital stock. The company refers to these restrictions as the “ownership limits.” For a fuller description of this restriction and the constructive ownership rules, see “Restrictions on Ownership and
Transfer.” Indemnification and Limitation of Directors’ and Officers’ Liability The MGCL permits a Maryland corporation to include in its charter a provision limiting the liability of its directors and officers to the corporation and its
stockholders for money damages except for liability resulting from actual receipt of an improper benefit or profit in money, property or services or active and deliberate dishonesty established by a final judgment as being material to the cause of
action. The company’s charter contains such a provision which eliminates such liability to the maximum extent permitted by Maryland law. 27 The MGCL requires a corporation (unless its charter provides otherwise, which the company’s charter
does not) to indemnify a director or officer who has been successful, on the merits or otherwise, in the defense of any proceeding to which he or she is made or threatened to be made a party by reason of his or her service in that capacity. The MGCL
permits a corporation to indemnify its present and former directors and officers, among others, against judgments, penalties, fines, settlements and reasonable expenses actually incurred by them in connection with any proceeding to which they may be
made or are threatened to be made a party by reason of their service in those or other capacities unless it is established that: • | the act or omission of the director or officer was material to the matter giving rise to the proceeding, and: • | was committed in bad faith; or • | was the result of active and deliberate dishonesty; • | the director or officer actually received an improper personal benefit in money, property or services; or • | in the case of any criminal proceeding, the director or officer had reasonable cause to believe that the act or omission was unlawful. However, under the MGCL, a Maryland corporation may not indemnify for an adverse judgment in a suit by or in the
right of the corporation or for a judgment of liability on the basis that personal benefit was improperly received, unless in either case a court orders indemnification and then only for expenses. In addition, the MGCL permits a corporation to
advance reasonable expenses to a director or officer upon the corporation’s receipt of: • | a written affirmation by the director or officer of his or her good faith belief that he or she has met the standard of conduct necessary for indemnification by the corporation; and • | a written undertaking by the director or officer or on the director’s or officer’s behalf to repay the amount paid or reimbursed by the corporation if it is ultimately determined that the director or officer did not meet the standard of conduct. The company’s charter authorizes the company to obligate it and the company’s bylaws obligate it, to the maximum extent permitted by Maryland law in
effect from time to time, to indemnify and, without requiring a preliminary determination of the ultimate entitlement to indemnification, pay or reimburse reasonable expenses in advance of final disposition of a proceeding to: • | any present or former director or officer who is made or threatened to be made a party to the proceeding by reason of his or her service in that capacity; or • | any individual who, while a director or officer of the company and at the company’s request, serves or has served at another corporation, REIT, partnership, joint venture, trust, limited liability company, employee benefit plan or any other enterprise as a director, officer, partner, trustee, member or manager and who is made or threatened to be made a party to the proceeding by reason of his or her service in that capacity. The rights to indemnification and advancement of expenses
provided by the company’s charter and bylaws shall vest immediately upon election of a director or officer. The company’s charter and bylaws
also permit the company to indemnify and advance expenses to any person who served a predecessor of the company in any of the capacities described above and to any employee or agent of the company or a predecessor of the company. The partnership agreement provides that the company, as general partner, and the company’s officers and directors are indemnified to the fullest extent
permitted by law. See “Description of the Partnership Agreement of Digital Realty Trust, L.P.—Indemnification and Limitation of Liability.” The company has also entered into indemnification agreements with each of its executive
officers and directors that obligate the company to indemnify them to the maximum extent permitted by Maryland law. 28 Insofar as the foregoing provisions permit indemnification of directors, officers or persons controlling us
for liability arising under the Securities Act, we have been informed that in the opinion of the SEC, this indemnification is against public policy as expressed in the Securities Act and is therefore unenforceable. Exclusive Forum The company’s bylaws provide that,
unless the company consents in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the Circuit Court for Baltimore City, Maryland, or, if that Court does not have jurisdiction, the United States District Court for the District of Maryland, Baltimore
Division, will be the sole and exclusive forum for (a) any derivative action or proceeding brought on behalf of the company, (b) any action asserting a claim of breach of any duty owed by any director or officer or other employee of the
company to the company or to the stockholders of the company, (c) any action asserting a claim against the company or any director or officer or other employee of the company arising pursuant to any provision of the MGCL or the company’s
charter or bylaws, or (d) any action asserting a claim against the company or any director or officer or other employee of the company that is governed by the internal affairs doctrine. 29 UNITED STATES FEDERAL INCOME TAX CONSIDERATIONS The following is a general summary of certain material U.S. federal income tax considerations regarding our election to be taxed as a real estate investment
trust, or a REIT, and the ownership and disposition of shares of our common stock issued upon the exchange of the notes. For purposes of this discussion, references to “we,” “our” and “us” mean only Digital Realty
Trust, Inc., and do not include any of its subsidiaries, except as otherwise indicated. This summary is for general information only and is not tax advice. The information in this summary is based on: • | the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, or the Code; • | current, temporary and proposed Treasury regulations promulgated under the Code, or the Treasury Regulations; • | the legislative history of the Code; • | administrative interpretations and practices of the Internal Revenue Service, or the IRS; and • | court decisions; in each case, as of the date of this prospectus. In addition, the administrative interpretations and practices of the IRS include its practices and policies
as expressed in private letter rulings that are not binding on the IRS except with respect to the particular taxpayers who requested and received those rulings. The sections of the Code and the corresponding Treasury Regulations that relate to
qualification and taxation as a REIT are highly technical and complex. The following discussion sets forth certain material aspects of the sections of the Code that govern the U.S. federal income tax treatment of a REIT and its stockholders. This
summary is qualified in its entirety by the applicable Code provisions, Treasury Regulations promulgated under the Code, and administrative and judicial interpretations thereof. Potential tax reforms may result in significant changes to the rules
governing U.S. federal income taxation. New legislation, Treasury Regulations, administrative interpretations and practices and/or court decisions may significantly and adversely affect our ability to qualify as a REIT, the U.S. federal income tax
consequences of such qualification, or the U.S. federal income tax consequences of an investment in us, including those described in this discussion. Moreover, the law relating to the tax treatment of other entities, or an investment in other
entities, could change, making an investment in such other entities more attractive relative to an investment in a REIT. Any such changes could apply retroactively to transactions preceding the date of the change. We have not requested, and do not
plan to request, any rulings from the IRS that we qualify as a REIT or otherwise with respect to the matters contained in this discussion, and the statements in this prospectus are not binding on the IRS or any court. Thus, we can provide no
assurance that the tax considerations contained in this discussion will not be challenged by the IRS or will be sustained by a court if challenged by the IRS. This summary does not discuss any state, local or non-U.S. tax consequences, or any tax consequences arising under any U.S. federal tax laws other than U.S. federal income tax laws, associated with our election to be taxed as a REIT and the ownership and
disposition of shares of our common stock issued upon the exchange of the notes. You are urged to consult your tax advisors regarding the tax
consequences to you of: • | the ownership and disposition of shares of our common stock, including the U.S. federal, state, local, non-U.S. and other tax consequences; • | our election to be taxed as a REIT for U.S. federal income tax purposes; and • | potential changes in applicable tax laws. Taxation of Our Company General . We have
elected to be taxed as a REIT under Sections 856 through 860 of the Code commencing with our taxable year ended December 31, 2004. We believe that we have been organized and have operated in a 30 manner that has allowed us to qualify for taxation as a REIT under the Code commencing with such taxable year, and we intend to continue to be organized and operate in this manner. However,
qualification and taxation as a REIT depend upon our ability to meet the various qualification tests imposed under the Code, including through actual operating results, asset composition, distribution levels and diversity of stock ownership.
Accordingly, no assurance can be given that we have been organized and have operated, or will continue to be organized and operate, in a manner so as to qualify or remain qualified as a REIT. See “—Failure to Qualify” for potential
tax consequences if we fail to qualify as a REIT. Latham & Watkins LLP has acted as our tax counsel in connection with this prospectus and our
election to be taxed as a REIT. Latham & Watkins LLP has rendered an opinion to us, as of the date of this prospectus, to the effect that, commencing with our taxable year ended December 31, 2018, we have been organized and have
operated in conformity with the requirements for qualification and taxation as a REIT under the Code, and our proposed method of operation will enable us to continue to meet the requirements for qualification and taxation as a REIT under the Code.
It must be emphasized that this opinion was based on various assumptions and representations as to factual matters, including representations made by us in a factual certificate provided by one or more of our officers. In addition, this opinion was
based upon our factual representations set forth in this prospectus. Moreover, our qualification and taxation as a REIT depend upon our ability to meet the various qualification tests imposed under the Code, which are discussed below, including
through actual operating results, asset composition, distribution levels and diversity of stock ownership, the results of which have not been and will not be reviewed by Latham & Watkins LLP. Accordingly, no assurance can be given that our
actual results of operations for any particular taxable year have satisfied or will satisfy those requirements. Further, the anticipated U.S. federal income tax treatment described herein may be changed, perhaps retroactively, by legislative,
administrative or judicial action at any time. Latham & Watkins LLP has no obligation to update its opinion subsequent to the date of such opinion. Provided we qualify for taxation as a REIT, we generally will not be required to pay U.S. federal corporate income taxes on our REIT taxable income that is
currently distributed to our stockholders. This treatment substantially eliminates the “double taxation” that ordinarily results from investment in a C corporation. A C corporation is a corporation that generally is required to pay tax at
the corporate level. Double taxation means taxation once at the corporate level when income is earned and once again at the stockholder level when the income is distributed. We will, however, be required to pay U.S. federal income tax as follows: • | First, we will be required to pay regular U.S. federal corporate income tax on any undistributed REIT taxable income, including undistributed capital gain. • | Second, if we have (1) net income from the sale or other disposition of “foreclosure property” held primarily for sale to customers in the ordinary course of business or (2) other nonqualifying income from foreclosure property, we will be required to pay regular U.S. federal corporate income tax on this income. To the extent that income from foreclosure property is otherwise qualifying income for purposes of the 75% gross income test, this tax is not applicable. Subject to certain other requirements, foreclosure property generally is defined as property we acquired through foreclosure or after a default on a loan secured by the property or a lease of the property. • | Third, we will be required to pay a 100% tax on any net income from prohibited transactions. Prohibited transactions are, in general, sales or other taxable dispositions of property, other than foreclosure property, held as inventory or primarily for sale to customers in the ordinary course of business. • | Fourth, if we fail to satisfy the 75% gross income test or the 95% gross income test, as described below, but have otherwise maintained our qualification as a REIT because certain other requirements are met, we will be required to pay a tax equal to (1) the greater of (A) the amount by which we fail to satisfy the 75% gross income test and (B) the amount by which we fail to satisfy the 95% gross income test, multiplied by (2) a fraction intended to reflect our profitability. 31 • | Fifth, if we fail to satisfy any of the asset tests (other than a de minimis failure of the 5% or 10% asset test), as described below, due to reasonable cause and not due to willful neglect, and we nonetheless maintain our REIT qualification because of specified cure provisions, we will be required to pay a tax equal to the greater of $50,000 or the U.S. federal corporate income tax rate multiplied by the net income generated by the nonqualifying assets that caused us to fail such test. • | Sixth, if we fail to satisfy any provision of the Code that would result in our failure to qualify as a REIT (other than a violation of the gross income tests or certain violations of the asset tests, as described below) and the violation is due to reasonable cause and not due to willful neglect, we may retain our REIT qualification but we will be required to pay a penalty of $50,000 for each such failure. • | Seventh, we will be required to pay a 4% excise tax to the extent we fail to distribute during each calendar year at least the sum of (1) 85% of our ordinary income for the year, (2) 95% of our capital gain net income for the year, and (3) any undistributed taxable income from prior periods. • | Eighth, if we acquire any asset from a corporation that is or has been a C corporation in a transaction in which our tax basis in the asset is less than the fair market value of the asset, in each case determined as of the date on which we acquired the asset, and we subsequently recognize gain on the disposition of the asset during the five-year period beginning on the date on which we acquired the asset, then we generally will be required to pay regular U.S. federal corporate income tax on this gain to the extent of the excess of (1) the fair market value of the asset over (2) our adjusted tax basis in the asset, in each case determined as of the date on which we acquired the asset. The results described in this paragraph with respect to the recognition of gain assume that the C corporation will refrain from making an election to receive different treatment under applicable Treasury Regulations on its tax return for the year in which we acquire the asset from the C corporation. Under applicable Treasury Regulations, any gain from the sale of property we acquired in an exchange under Section 1031 (a like-kind exchange) or Section 1033 (an involuntary conversion) of the Code generally is excluded from the application of this built-in gains tax. • | Ninth, our subsidiaries that are C corporations and are not qualified REIT subsidiaries (described below), including our “taxable REIT subsidiaries” described below, generally will be required to pay regular U.S. federal corporate income tax on their earnings. • | Tenth, we will be required to pay a 100% tax on any “redetermined rents,” “redetermined deductions,” “excess interest,” or “redetermined TRS service income,” as described below under “—Penalty Tax.” In general, redetermined rents are rents from real property that are overstated as a result of services furnished to any of our tenants by a taxable REIT subsidiary of ours. Redetermined deductions and excess interest generally represent amounts that are deducted by a taxable REIT subsidiary of ours for amounts paid to us that are in excess of the amounts that would have been deducted based on arm’s length negotiations. Redetermined TRS service income generally represents income of a taxable REIT subsidiary that is understated as a result of services provided to us or on our behalf. • | Eleventh, we may elect to retain and pay income tax on our net capital gain. In that case, a stockholder would include its proportionate share of our undistributed capital gain (to the extent we make a timely designation of such gain to the stockholder) in its income, would be deemed to have paid the tax that we paid on such gain, and would be allowed a credit for its proportionate share of the tax deemed to have been paid, and an adjustment would be made to increase the tax basis of the stockholder in our common stock. • | Twelfth, if we fail to comply with the requirement to send annual letters to our stockholders holding at least a certain percentage of our stock, as determined under applicable Treasury Regulations, requesting information regarding the actual ownership of our stock, and the failure is not due to reasonable cause or is due to willful neglect, we will be subject to a $25,000 penalty, or if the failure is intentional, a $50,000 penalty. 32 We and our subsidiaries may be subject to a variety of taxes other than U.S. federal income tax, including
payroll taxes and state and local income, property and other taxes on our assets and operations. We own properties in other countries, which impose taxes
on our operations within their jurisdictions. To the extent possible consistent with our business objectives, we will structure our activities to minimize our non-U.S. tax liability. However, there can be no
assurance that we will be able to eliminate our non-U.S. tax liability or reduce it to a specified level. Furthermore, as a REIT, both we and our stockholders will derive little or no benefit from foreign tax
credits arising from those non-U.S. taxes. Requirements for Qualification as a REIT . The Code
defines a REIT as a corporation, trust or association: (1) that is managed by one or more trustees or directors; (2) that issues transferable shares or transferable certificates to evidence its beneficial ownership; (3) that would be taxable as a domestic corporation, but for Sections 856 through 860 of the Code; (4) that is not a financial institution or an insurance company within the meaning of certain provisions of the Code; (5) that is beneficially owned by 100 or more persons; (6) not
more than 50% in value of the outstanding stock of which is owned, actually or constructively, by five or fewer individuals, including certain specified entities, during the last half of each taxable year; and (7) that meets other tests, described below, regarding the nature of its income and assets and the amount of its distributions. The Code provides that conditions (1) to (4), inclusive, must be met during the entire taxable year and that condition (5) must be met during at
least 335 days of a taxable year of 12 months, or during a proportionate part of a taxable year of less than 12 months. Conditions (5) and (6) do not apply until after the first taxable year for which an election is made to be taxed as a REIT.
For purposes of condition (6), the term “individual” includes a supplemental unemployment compensation benefit plan, a private foundation or a portion of a trust permanently set aside or used exclusively for charitable purposes, but
generally does not include a qualified pension plan or profit sharing trust. We believe that we have been organized and have operated in a manner that
has allowed us, and will continue to allow us, to satisfy conditions (1) through (7), inclusive, during the relevant time periods. In addition, our charter provides for restrictions regarding ownership and transfer of our shares that are
intended to assist us in continuing to satisfy the share ownership requirements described in conditions (5) and (6) above. A description of the share ownership and transfer restrictions relating to our capital stock (including our common stock)
is contained in the discussion in this prospectus under the heading “Restrictions on Ownership and Transfer.” These restrictions, however, do not ensure that we have previously satisfied, and may not ensure that we will, in all cases, be
able to continue to satisfy, the share ownership requirements described in conditions (5) and (6) above. If we fail to satisfy these share ownership requirements, then except as provided in the next sentence, our status as a REIT will
terminate. If, however, we comply with the rules contained in applicable Treasury Regulations that require us to ascertain the actual ownership of our shares and we do not know, or would not have known through the exercise of reasonable diligence,
that we failed to meet the requirement described in condition (6) above, we will be treated as having met this requirement. See “—Failure to Qualify.” In addition, we may not maintain our status as a REIT unless our taxable year is the calendar year. We have and will continue to have a calendar taxable year. 33 Ownership of Interests in Partnerships, Limited Liability Companies and Qualified REIT
Subsidiaries . In the case of a REIT that is a partner in a partnership (for purposes of this discussion, references to “partnership” include a limited liability company treated as a partnership for U.S. federal income tax purposes,
and references to “partner” include a member in such a limited liability company), Treasury Regulations provide that the REIT will be deemed to own its proportionate share of the assets of the partnership based on its interest in
partnership capital, subject to special rules relating to the 10% asset test described below. Also, the REIT will be deemed to be entitled to its proportionate share of the income of that entity. The assets and gross income of the partnership retain
the same character in the hands of the REIT for purposes of Section 856 of the Code, including satisfying the gross income tests and the asset tests. Thus, our pro rata share of the assets and items of income of our operating partnership,
including our operating partnership’s share of these items of any partnership or disregarded entity for U.S. federal income tax purposes in which it owns an interest, is treated as our assets and items of income for purposes of applying the
requirements described in this discussion, including the gross income and asset tests described below. A brief summary of the rules governing the U.S. federal income taxation of partnerships is set forth below in “—Tax Aspects of Our
Operating Partnership and its Subsidiary Partnerships and Limited Liability Companies.” We have control of our operating partnership and most of its
subsidiary partnerships and intend to operate them in a manner consistent with the requirements for our qualification as a REIT. If we become a limited partner or non- managing member in any partnership and such entity takes or expects to take
actions that could jeopardize our status as a REIT or require us to pay tax, we may be forced to dispose of our interest in such entity. In addition, it is possible that a partnership could take an action which could cause us to fail a gross income
or asset test, and that we would not become aware of such action in time to dispose of our interest in the partnership or take other corrective action on a timely basis. In such a case, we could fail to qualify as a REIT unless we were entitled to
relief, as described below. We may from time to time own and operate certain properties through wholly-owned subsidiaries that we intend to be treated as
“qualified REIT subsidiaries” under the Code. A corporation (or other entity treated as a corporation for U.S. federal income tax purposes) will qualify as our qualified REIT subsidiary if we own 100% of the corporation’s outstanding
stock and do not elect with the subsidiary to treat it as a “taxable REIT subsidiary,” as described below. A qualified REIT subsidiary is not treated as a separate corporation, and all assets, liabilities and items of income, gain, loss,
deduction and credit of a qualified REIT subsidiary are treated as assets, liabilities and items of income, gain, loss, deduction and credit of the parent REIT for all purposes under the Code, including all REIT qualification tests. Thus, in
applying the U.S. federal income tax requirements described in this discussion, any qualified REIT subsidiaries we own are ignored, and all assets, liabilities and items of income, gain, loss, deduction and credit of such corporations are treated as
our assets, liabilities and items of income, gain, loss, deduction and credit. A qualified REIT subsidiary is not subject to U.S. federal income tax, and our ownership of the stock of a qualified REIT subsidiary will not violate the restrictions on
ownership of securities, as described below under “—Asset Tests.” Ownership of Interests in Taxable REIT Subsidiaries . We,
through our operating partnership, own interests in companies that have elected, together with us, to be treated as our taxable REIT subsidiaries, and we may acquire securities in additional taxable REIT subsidiaries in the future. A taxable REIT
subsidiary is a corporation (or other entity treated as a corporation for U.S. federal income tax purposes) other than a REIT in which a REIT directly or indirectly holds stock, and that has made a joint election with such REIT to be treated as a
taxable REIT subsidiary. If a taxable REIT subsidiary owns more than 35% of the total voting power or value of the outstanding securities of another corporation, such other corporation will also be treated as a taxable REIT subsidiary. Other than
some activities relating to lodging and health care facilities, a taxable REIT subsidiary may generally engage in any business, including the provision of customary or non-customary services to tenants of its
parent REIT. A taxable REIT subsidiary is subject to U.S. federal income tax as a regular C corporation. A REIT is not treated as holding the assets of a taxable REIT subsidiary or as receiving any income that the taxable REIT subsidiary earns.
Rather, the stock issued by the taxable REIT subsidiary is an asset in the hands of the REIT, and the REIT generally recognizes as income the dividends, if any, that it receives from the taxable REIT 34 subsidiary. A REIT’s ownership of securities of a taxable REIT subsidiary is not subject to the 5% or 10% asset test described below. See “—Asset Tests.” Taxpayers are subject
to a limitation on their ability to deduct net business interest generally equal to 30% of adjusted taxable income, subject to certain exceptions. See “—Annual Distribution Requirements.” While not certain, this provision may limit
the ability of our taxable REIT subsidiaries to deduct interest, which could increase their taxable income. Ownership of Interests in Subsidiary
REITs . We own and may acquire direct or indirect interests in one or more entities that have elected or will elect to be taxed as REITs under the Code (each, a “Subsidiary REIT”). A Subsidiary REIT is subject to the various REIT
qualification requirements and other limitations described herein that are applicable to us. If a Subsidiary REIT were to fail to qualify as a REIT, then (i) that Subsidiary REIT would become subject to U.S. federal income tax and (ii) the
Subsidiary REIT’s failure to qualify could have an adverse effect on our ability to comply with the REIT income and asset tests, and thus could impair our ability to qualify as a REIT unless we could avail ourselves of certain relief
provisions. Income Tests . We must satisfy two gross income requirements annually to maintain our qualification as a REIT. First, in each
taxable year we must derive directly or indirectly at least 75% of our gross income (excluding gross income from prohibited transactions, certain hedging transactions and certain foreign currency gains) from investments relating to real property or
mortgages on real property, including “rents from real property,” dividends from other REITs and, in certain circumstances, interest, or certain types of temporary investments. Second, in each taxable year we must derive at least 95% of
our gross income (excluding gross income from prohibited transactions, certain hedging transactions, and certain foreign currency gains) from the real property investments described above or dividends, interest and gain from the sale or disposition
of stock or securities, or from any combination of the foregoing. For these purposes, the term “interest” generally does not include any amount received or accrued, directly or indirectly, if the determination of all or some of the amount
depends in any way on the income or profits of any person. However, an amount received or accrued generally will not be excluded from the term “interest” solely by reason of being based on a fixed percentage or percentages of receipts or
sales. Rents we receive from a tenant will qualify as “rents from real property” for the purpose of satisfying the gross income requirements
for a REIT described above only if all of the following conditions are met: • | The amount of rent is not based in whole or in part on the income or profits of any person. However, an amount we receive or accrue generally will not be excluded from the term “rents from real property” solely because it is based on a fixed percentage or percentages of receipts or sales or if it is based on the net income of a tenant which derives substantially all of its income with respect to such property from subleasing of substantially all of such property, to the extent that the rents paid by the subtenants would qualify as rents from real property if we earned such amounts directly; • | Neither we nor an actual or constructive owner of 10% or more of our capital stock actually or constructively owns 10% or more of the interests in the assets or net profits of a non-corporate tenant, or, if the tenant is a corporation, 10% or more of the total combined voting power of all classes of stock entitled to vote or 10% or more of the total value of all classes of stock of the tenant. Rents we receive from such a tenant that is a taxable REIT subsidiary of ours, however, will not be excluded from the definition of “rents from real property” as a result of this condition if at least 90% of the space at the property to which the rents relate is leased to third parties, and the rents paid by the taxable REIT subsidiary are substantially comparable to rents paid by our other tenants for comparable space. Whether rents paid by a taxable REIT subsidiary are substantially comparable to rents paid by other tenants is determined at the time the lease with the taxable REIT subsidiary is entered into, extended, and modified, if such modification increases the rents due under such lease. Notwithstanding the foregoing, however, if a lease with a “controlled taxable REIT subsidiary” is modified and such modification results in an increase in the rents payable by such taxable REIT subsidiary, any such increase will not qualify as “rents from real property.” For purposes of this rule, a “controlled taxable REIT subsidiary” is a taxable REIT subsidiary in which the parent REIT owns stock possessing more 35 than 50% of the voting power or more than 50% of the total value of the outstanding stock of such taxable REIT subsidiary; • | Rent attributable to personal property, leased in connection with a lease of real property, is not greater than 15% of the total rent received under the lease. If this condition is not met, then the portion of the rent attributable to personal property will not qualify as “rents from real property.” To the extent that rent attributable to personal property, leased in connection with a lease of real property, exceeds 15% of the total rent received under the lease, we may transfer a portion of such personal property to a taxable REIT subsidiary; and • | We generally may not operate or manage the property or furnish or render services to our tenants, subject to a 1% de minimis exception and except as provided below. We may, however, perform services that are “usually or customarily rendered” in connection with the rental of space for occupancy only and are not otherwise considered “rendered to the occupant” of the property. Examples of these services include the provision of light, heat, or other utilities, trash removal, general maintenance of common areas, interconnection services and certain basic server services that do not require logical access to our tenants’ equipment. In addition, we may employ an independent contractor from whom we derive no revenue to provide customary services to our tenants, or a taxable REIT subsidiary (which may be wholly or partially owned by us) to provide both customary and non-customary services to our tenants, without causing the rent we receive from those tenants to fail to qualify as “rents from real property.” We generally do not intend, and as the general partner of our operating partnership, we do not intend to permit our operating
partnership, to take actions we believe will cause us to fail to satisfy the rental conditions described above. However, we may intentionally fail to satisfy some of these conditions to the extent we determine, based on the advice of our tax
counsel, that the failure will not jeopardize our tax status as a REIT. In addition, with respect to the limitation on the rental of personal property, we generally have not obtained appraisals of the real property and personal property leased to
tenants. Accordingly, there can be no assurance that the IRS will not disagree with our determinations of value. Income we receive that is attributable
to the rental of parking spaces at the properties generally will constitute rents from real property for purposes of the gross income tests if certain services provided with respect to the parking spaces are performed by independent contractors from
whom we derive no revenue, either directly or indirectly, or by a taxable REIT subsidiary, and certain other conditions are met. We believe that the income we receive that is attributable to parking spaces will meet these tests and, accordingly,
will constitute rents from real property for purposes of the gross income tests. From time to time, we may enter into hedging transactions with respect
to one or more of our assets or liabilities. Our hedging activities may include entering into interest rate swaps, caps, and floors, options to purchase these items, and futures and forward contracts. Income from a hedging transaction, including
gain from the sale or disposition of such a transaction, that is clearly identified as a hedging transaction as specified in the Code will not constitute gross income under, and thus will be exempt from, the 75% and 95% gross income tests. The term
“hedging transaction,” as used above, generally means (A) any transaction we enter into in the normal course of our business primarily to manage risk of (1) interest rate changes or fluctuations with respect to borrowings made or
to be made by us to acquire or carry real estate assets, or (2) currency fluctuations with respect to an item of qualifying income under the 75% or 95% gross income test or any property which generates such income and (B) new transactions
entered into to hedge the income or loss from prior hedging transactions, where the property or indebtedness which was the subject of the prior hedging transaction was extinguished or disposed of. To the extent that we do not properly identify such
transactions as hedges or we hedge with other types of financial instruments, the income from those transactions is not likely to be treated as qualifying income for purposes of the gross income tests. We intend to structure any hedging transactions
in a manner that does not jeopardize our status as a REIT. 36 We have investments in entities located outside the United States and from time to time may invest in
additional entities or properties located outside the United States, through a taxable REIT subsidiary or otherwise. These acquisitions could cause us to incur foreign currency gains or losses. Any foreign currency gains, to the extent attributable
to specified items of qualifying income or gain, or specified qualifying assets, however, generally will not constitute gross income for purposes of the 75% and 95% gross income tests, and therefore will be excluded from these tests. To the extent our taxable REIT subsidiaries pay dividends or interest, our allocable share of such dividend or interest income will qualify under the 95%, but
(subject to certain exceptions) not the 75%, gross income test. Notwithstanding the foregoing, our allocable share of such interest would also qualify under the 75% gross income test to the extent the interest is paid on a loan that is adequately
secured by real property. We will monitor the amount of the dividend and other income from our taxable REIT subsidiaries and will take actions intended
to keep this income, and any other nonqualifying income, within the limitations of the gross income tests. Although we expect these actions will be sufficient to prevent a violation of the gross income tests, we cannot guarantee that such actions
will in all cases prevent such a violation. If we fail to satisfy one or both of the 75% or 95% gross income tests for any taxable year, we may
nevertheless qualify as a REIT for the year if we are entitled to relief under certain provisions of the Code. We generally may make use of the relief provisions if: • | following our identification of the failure to meet the 75% or 95% gross income tests for any taxable year, we file a schedule with the IRS setting forth each item of our gross income for purposes of the 75% or 95% gross income tests for such taxable year in accordance with Treasury Regulations to be issued; and • | our failure to meet these tests was due to reasonable cause and not due to willful neglect. It is not possible, however, to state whether in all circumstances we would be entitled to the benefit of these relief provisions. For
example, if we fail to satisfy the gross income tests because nonqualifying income that we intentionally accrue or receive exceeds the limits on nonqualifying income, the IRS could conclude that our failure to satisfy the tests was not due to
reasonable cause. If these relief provisions do not apply to a particular set of circumstances, we will not qualify as a REIT. See “—Failure to Qualify” below. As discussed above in “—General,” even if these relief
provisions apply, and we retain our status as a REIT, a tax would be imposed with respect to our nonqualifying income. We may not always be able to comply with the gross income tests for REIT qualification despite periodic monitoring of our income. Prohibited Transaction Income . Any gain that we realize on the sale of property (other than any foreclosure property) held as inventory or
otherwise held primarily for sale to customers in the ordinary course of business, including our share of any such gain realized by our operating partnership, either directly or through its subsidiary partnerships, will be treated as income from a
prohibited transaction that is subject to a 100% penalty tax, unless certain safe harbor exceptions apply. This prohibited transaction income may also adversely affect our ability to satisfy the gross income tests for qualification as a REIT.
Whether property is held as inventory or primarily for sale to customers in the ordinary course of a trade or business is a question of fact that depends on all the facts and circumstances surrounding the particular transaction. As the general
partner of our operating partnership, we intend to cause our operating partnership to hold its properties for investment with a view to long-term appreciation, to engage in the business of acquiring, developing and owning its properties and to make
occasional sales of the properties as are consistent with our investment objectives. We do not intend, and do not intend to permit our operating partnership or its subsidiary partnerships, to enter into any sales that are prohibited transactions.
However, the IRS may successfully contend that some or all of the sales made by our operating partnership or its subsidiary partnerships are prohibited transactions. We would be required to pay the 100% penalty tax on our allocable share of the
gains resulting from any such sales. The 100% penalty tax will not apply to gains from the sale of assets that are held through a taxable REIT subsidiary, but such income will be subject to regular U.S. federal corporate income tax. 37 Penalty Tax . Any redetermined rents, redetermined deductions, excess interest or redetermined
TRS service income we generate will be subject to a 100% penalty tax. In general, redetermined rents are rents from real property that are overstated as a result of any services furnished to any of our tenants by a taxable REIT subsidiary of ours,
redetermined deductions and excess interest represent any amounts that are deducted by a taxable REIT subsidiary of ours for amounts paid to us that are in excess of the amounts that would have been deducted based on arm’s length negotiations,
and redetermined TRS service income is income of a taxable REIT subsidiary that is understated as a result of services provided to us or on our behalf. Rents we receive will not constitute redetermined rents if they qualify for certain safe harbor
provisions contained in the Code. From time to time, our taxable REIT subsidiaries provide services to our tenants. We believe we have set, and we intend
to set in the future, any fees paid to our taxable REIT subsidiaries for such services at arm’s length rates, although the fees paid may not satisfy the safe harbor provisions referenced above. These determinations are inherently factual, and
the IRS has broad discretion to assert that amounts paid between related parties should be reallocated to clearly reflect their respective incomes. If the IRS successfully made such an assertion, we would be required to pay a 100% penalty tax on any
overstated rents paid to us, or any excess deductions or understated income of our taxable REIT subsidiaries. Asset Tests . At the close of
each calendar quarter of our taxable year, we must also satisfy certain tests relating to the nature and diversification of our assets. First, at least 75% of the value of our total assets must be represented by real estate assets, cash, cash items
and U.S. government securities. For purposes of this test, the term “real estate assets” generally means real property (including interests in real property and interests in mortgages on real property or on both real property and, to a
limited extent, personal property), shares (or transferable certificates of beneficial interest) in other REITs, any stock or debt instrument attributable to the investment of the proceeds of a stock offering or a public offering of debt with a term
of at least five years (but only for the one-year period beginning on the date the REIT receives such proceeds), debt instruments of publicly offered REITs, and personal property leased in connection with a
lease of real property for which the rent attributable to personal property is not greater than 15% of the total rent received under the lease. Second,
not more than 25% of the value of our total assets may be represented by securities (including securities of taxable REIT subsidiaries), other than those securities includable in the 75% asset test. Third, of the investments included in the 25% asset class, and except for certain investments in other REITs, our qualified REIT subsidiaries and taxable REIT
subsidiaries, the value of any one issuer’s securities may not exceed 5% of the value of our total assets, and we may not own more than 10% of the total vote or value of the outstanding securities of any one issuer. Certain types of securities
we may own are disregarded as securities solely for purposes of the 10% value test, including, but not limited to, securities satisfying the “straight debt” safe harbor, securities issued by a partnership that itself would satisfy the 75%
income test if it were a REIT, any loan to an individual or an estate, any obligation to pay rents from real property and any security issued by a REIT. In addition, solely for purposes of the 10% value test, the determination of our interest in the
assets of a partnership in which we own an interest will be based on our proportionate interest in any securities issued by the partnership, excluding for this purpose certain securities described in the Code. From time to time we may own securities
(including debt securities) of issuers that do not qualify as a REIT, a qualified REIT subsidiary or a taxable REIT subsidiary. We intend that our ownership of any such securities will be structured in a manner that allows us to comply with the
asset tests described above. Fourth, not more than 20% (25% for taxable years beginning after July 30, 2008 and before January 1, 2018) of the
value of our total assets may be represented by the securities of one or more taxable REIT subsidiaries. We, through our operating partnership, own interests in companies that have elected, together with us, to be treated as our taxable REIT
subsidiaries, and we may acquire securities in additional taxable REIT subsidiaries in the future. So long as each of these companies qualifies as a taxable REIT subsidiary of ours, we will not be subject to the 5% asset test, the 10% voting power
limitation or the 10% value limitation with respect to our ownership of the securities of such companies. We believe that the aggregate value of our taxable REIT subsidiaries has not 38 exceeded, and in the future will not exceed, 20% (25% for taxable years beginning after July 30, 2008 and before January 1, 2018) of the aggregate value of our gross assets. We
generally do not obtain independent appraisals to support these conclusions. In addition, there can be no assurance that the IRS will not disagree with our determinations of value. Fifth, not more than 25% of the value of our total assets may be represented by debt instruments of publicly offered REITs to the extent those debt
instruments would not be real estate assets but for the inclusion of debt instruments of publicly offered REITs in the meaning of real estate assets, as described above (e.g., a debt instrument issued by a publicly offered REIT that is not secured
by a mortgage on real property). The asset tests must be satisfied at the close of each calendar quarter of our taxable year in which we (directly or
through any partnership or qualified REIT subsidiary) acquire securities in the applicable issuer, and also at the close of each calendar quarter in which we increase our ownership of securities of such issuer (including as a result of an increase
in our interest in any partnership that owns such securities). For example, our indirect ownership of securities of each issuer will increase as a result of our capital contributions to our operating partnership or as limited partners exercise any
redemption/exchange rights. Also, after initially meeting the asset tests at the close of any quarter, we will not lose our status as a REIT for failure to satisfy the asset tests at the end of a later quarter solely by reason of changes in asset
values. If we fail to satisfy an asset test because we acquire securities or other property during a quarter (including as a result of an increase in our interest in any partnership), we may cure this failure by disposing of sufficient nonqualifying
assets within 30 days after the close of that quarter. We believe that we have maintained, and we intend to maintain, adequate records of the value of our assets to ensure compliance with the asset tests. If we fail to cure any noncompliance with
the asset tests within the 30-day cure period, we would cease to qualify as a REIT unless we are eligible for certain relief provisions discussed below. Certain relief provisions may be available to us if we discover a failure to satisfy the asset tests described above after the 30-day cure period. Under these provisions, we will be deemed to have met the 5% and 10% asset tests if the value of our nonqualifying assets (i) does not exceed the lesser of (a) 1% of the total value of
our assets at the end of the applicable quarter or (b) $10,000,000, and (ii) we dispose of the nonqualifying assets or otherwise satisfy such tests within (a) six months after the last day of the quarter in which the failure to satisfy the
asset tests is discovered or (b) the period of time prescribed by Treasury Regulations to be issued. For violations of any of the asset tests due to reasonable cause and not due to willful neglect and that are, in the case of the 5% and 10%
asset tests, in excess of the de minimis exception described above, we may avoid disqualification as a REIT after the 30-day cure period by taking steps including (i) the disposition of sufficient
nonqualifying assets, or the taking of other actions, which allow us to meet the asset tests within (a) six months after the last day of the quarter in which the failure to satisfy the asset tests is discovered or (b) the period of time
prescribed by Treasury Regulations to be issued, (ii) paying a tax equal to the greater of (a) $50,000 or (b) the U.S. federal corporate income tax rate multiplied by the net income generated by the nonqualifying assets, and
(iii) disclosing certain information to the IRS. Although we believe we have satisfied the asset tests described above and plan to take steps to
ensure that we satisfy such tests for any quarter with respect to which retesting is to occur, there can be no assurance that we will always be successful, or will not require a reduction in our operating partnership’s overall interest in an
issuer (including in a taxable REIT subsidiary). If we fail to cure any noncompliance with the asset tests in a timely manner, and the relief provisions described above are not available, we would cease to qualify as a REIT. Annual Distribution Requirements . To maintain our qualification as a REIT, we are required to distribute dividends, other than capital gain
dividends, to our stockholders each year in an amount at least equal to the sum of: • | 90% of our “REIT taxable income”; and • | 90% of our after-tax net income, if any, from foreclosure property; minus • | the excess of the sum of certain items of non-cash income over 5% of our “REIT taxable income.” 39 For these purposes, our “REIT taxable income” is computed without regard to the dividends paid
deduction and our net capital gain. In addition, for purposes of this test, non-cash income generally means income attributable to leveled stepped rents, original issue discount, cancellation of indebtedness,
or a like-kind exchange that is later determined to be taxable. In addition, our “REIT taxable income” will be reduced by any taxes we are
required to pay on any gain we recognize from the disposition of any asset we acquired from a corporation that is or has been a C corporation in a transaction in which our tax basis in the asset is less than the fair market value of the asset, in
each case determined as of the date on which we acquired the asset, within the five-year period following our acquisition of such asset, as described above under “—General.” Except as provided below, a taxpayer’s deduction for net business interest expense will generally be limited to 30% of its taxable income, as adjusted
for certain items of income, gain, deduction or loss. Any business interest deduction that is disallowed due to this limitation may be carried forward to future taxable years, subject to special rules applicable to partnerships. If we or any of our
subsidiary partnerships (including our operating partnership) are subject to this interest expense limitation, our REIT taxable income for a taxable year may be increased. Taxpayers that conduct certain real estate businesses may elect not to have
this interest expense limitation apply to them, provided that they use an alternative depreciation system to depreciate certain property. We believe that we or any of our subsidiary partnerships that are subject to this interest expense limitation
will be eligible to make this election. If such election is made, although we or such subsidiary partnership, as applicable, would not be subject to the interest expense limitation described above, depreciation deductions may be reduced and, as a
result, our REIT taxable income for a taxable year may be increased. We generally must pay, or be treated as paying, the distributions described above in
the taxable year to which they relate. At our election, a distribution will be treated as paid in a taxable year if it is declared before we timely file our tax return for such year and paid on or before the first regular dividend payment after such
declaration, provided such payment is made during the 12-month period following the close of such year. These distributions are treated as received by our stockholders in the year in which they are paid. This
is so even though these distributions relate to the prior year for purposes of the 90% distribution requirement. In order to be taken into account for purposes of our distribution requirement, except as provided below, the amount distributed must
not be preferential—i.e., every stockholder of the class of stock to which a distribution is made must be treated the same as every other stockholder of that class, and no class of stock may be treated other than according to its dividend
rights as a class. This preferential dividend limitation will not apply to distributions made by us, provided we qualify as a “publicly offered REIT.” We believe that we are, and expect we will continue to be, a “publicly offered
REIT.” However, Subsidiary REITs we may own from time to time may not be publicly offered REITs. To the extent that we do not distribute all of our net capital gain, or distribute at least 90%, but less than 100%, of our “REIT taxable
income,” as adjusted, we will be required to pay regular U.S. federal corporate income tax on the undistributed amount. We believe that we have made, and we intend to continue to make, timely distributions sufficient to satisfy these annual
distribution requirements and to minimize our corporate tax obligations. In this regard, the partnership agreement of our operating partnership authorizes us, as the general partner of our operating partnership, to take such steps as may be
necessary to cause our operating partnership to distribute to its partners an amount sufficient to permit us to meet these distribution requirements and to minimize our corporate tax obligation. We expect that our REIT taxable income will be less than our cash flow because of depreciation and other non-cash charges included in computing REIT taxable income. Accordingly, we anticipate that we generally will have sufficient cash or liquid assets to enable us to satisfy the distribution requirements described above. However, from time to time, we may not
have sufficient cash or other liquid assets to meet these distribution requirements due to timing differences between the actual receipt of income and actual payment of deductible expenses, and the inclusion of income and deduction of expenses in
determining our taxable income. In addition, we may decide to retain our cash, rather than distribute it, in order to repay debt or for other reasons. If these 40 timing differences occur, we may borrow funds to pay dividends or pay dividends in the form of taxable stock distributions in order to meet the distribution requirements, while preserving our
cash. Under some circumstances, we may be able to rectify an inadvertent failure to meet the 90% distribution requirement for a year by paying
“deficiency dividends” to our stockholders in a later year, which may be included in our deduction for dividends paid for the earlier year. In that case, we may be able to avoid being taxed on amounts distributed as deficiency dividends,
subject to the 4% excise tax described below. However, we will be required to pay interest to the IRS based upon the amount of any deduction claimed for deficiency dividends. While the payment of a deficiency dividend will apply to a prior year for
purposes of our REIT distribution requirements, it will be treated as an additional distribution to our stockholders in the year such dividend is paid. Furthermore, we will be required to pay a 4% excise tax to the extent we fail to distribute during each calendar year at least the sum of 85% of our ordinary
income for such year, 95% of our capital gain net income for the year and any undistributed taxable income from prior periods. Any ordinary income and net capital gain on which U.S. federal corporate income tax is imposed for any year is treated as
an amount distributed during that year for purposes of calculating this excise tax. For purposes of the 90% distribution requirement and excise tax
described above, dividends declared during the last three months of the taxable year, payable to stockholders of record on a specified date during such period and paid during January of the following year, will be treated as paid by us and received
by our stockholders on December 31 of the year in which they are declared. Like-Kind Exchanges . We may dispose of real property that
is not held primarily for sale in transactions intended to qualify as like-kind exchanges under the Code. Such like-kind exchanges are intended to result in the deferral of gain for U.S. federal income tax purposes. The failure of any such
transaction to qualify as a like-kind exchange could require us to pay U.S. federal income tax, possibly including the 100% prohibited transaction tax, or deficiency dividends, depending on the facts and circumstances surrounding the particular
transaction. Tax Liabilities and Attributes Inherited in Connection with Acquisitions . From time to time, we or our operating partnership
may acquire other corporations or entities and, in connection with such acquisitions, we may succeed to the historical tax attributes and liabilities of such entities. For example, if we acquire a C corporation and subsequently dispose of its assets
within five years of the acquisition, we could be required to pay the built-in gain tax described above under “—General.” In addition, in order to qualify as a REIT, at the end of any taxable
year, we must not have any earnings and profits accumulated in a non-REIT year. As a result, if we acquire a C corporation, we must distribute the corporation’s earnings and profits accumulated prior to
the acquisition before the end of the taxable year in which we acquire the corporation. We also could be required to pay the acquired entity’s unpaid taxes even though such liabilities arose prior to the time we acquired the entity. Moreover, we or one of our subsidiaries may from time to time acquire other REITs through a merger or acquisition. If any such REIT failed to qualify as a
REIT for any of its taxable years, such REIT would be liable for (and we or our subsidiary, as applicable, as the surviving corporation in the merger or acquisition, would be obligated to pay) regular U.S. federal corporate income tax on its taxable
income for such taxable years. In addition, if such REIT was a C corporation at the time of the merger or acquisition, the tax consequences described in the preceding paragraph generally would apply. If such REIT failed to qualify as a REIT for any
of its taxable years, but qualified as a REIT at the time of such merger or acquisition, and we acquired such REIT’s assets in a transaction in which our tax basis in the assets of such REIT is determined, in whole or in part, by reference to
such REIT’s tax basis in such assets, we generally would be subject to tax on the built-in gain on each asset of such REIT as described above if we were to dispose of the asset in a taxable transaction
during the five-year period following such REIT’s requalification as a REIT, subject to certain exceptions. Moreover, even if such REIT qualified as a REIT at all relevant times, we would similarly be liable for other unpaid taxes (if any) of
such REIT (such as the 100% tax on gains from any sales treated as “prohibited transactions” as described above under “—Prohibited Transaction Income”). 41 Furthermore, after our acquisition of another corporation or entity, the asset and income tests will apply
to all of our assets, including the assets we acquire from such corporation or entity, and to all of our income, including the income derived from the assets we acquire from such corporation or entity. As a result, the nature of the assets that we
acquire from such corporation or entity and the income we derive from those assets may have an effect on our tax status as a REIT. Failure to
Qualify . If we discover a violation of a provision of the Code that would result in our failure to qualify as a REIT, certain specified cure provisions may be available to us. Except with respect to violations of the gross income tests and
asset tests (for which the cure provisions are described above), and provided the violation is due to reasonable cause and not due to willful neglect, these cure provisions generally impose a $50,000 penalty for each violation in lieu of a loss of
REIT status. If we fail to satisfy the requirements for taxation as a REIT in any taxable year, and the relief provisions do not apply, we will be required to pay regular U.S. federal corporate income tax, including any applicable alternative
minimum tax, on our taxable income. Distributions to stockholders in any year in which we fail to qualify as a REIT will not be deductible by us. As a result, we anticipate that our failure to qualify as a REIT would reduce the cash available for
distribution by us to our stockholders. In addition, if we fail to qualify as a REIT, we will not be required to distribute any amounts to our stockholders and all distributions to stockholders will be taxable as regular corporate dividends to the
extent of our current and accumulated earnings and profits. In such event, corporate stockholders may be eligible for the dividends-received deduction. In addition, non-corporate stockholders, including
individuals, may be eligible for the preferential tax rates on qualified dividend income. Non-corporate stockholders, including individuals, generally may deduct up to 20% of dividends from a REIT, other than
capital gain dividends and dividends treated as qualified dividend income, for taxable years beginning before January 1, 2026 for purposes of determining their U.S. federal income tax (but not for purposes of the 3.8% Medicare tax), subject to
certain holding period requirements and other limitations. If we fail to qualify as a REIT, such stockholders may not claim this deduction with respect to dividends paid by us. Unless entitled to relief under specific statutory provisions, we would
also be ineligible to elect to be treated as a REIT for the four taxable years following the year for which we lose our qualification. It is not possible to state whether in all circumstances we would be entitled to this statutory relief. Tax Aspects of Our Operating Partnership and its Subsidiary Partnerships and Limited Liability Companies General . All of our investments are held indirectly through our operating partnership. In addition, our operating partnership holds certain of
its investments indirectly through subsidiary partnerships and limited liability companies that we believe are and will continue to be treated as partnerships or disregarded entities for U.S. federal income tax purposes. In general, entities that
are treated as partnerships or disregarded entities for U.S. federal income tax purposes are “pass-through” entities which are not required to pay U.S. federal income tax. Rather, partners of such partnerships are allocated their shares of
the items of income, gain, loss, deduction and credit of the partnership, and are potentially required to pay tax on this income, without regard to whether they receive a distribution from the partnership. We will include in our income our share of
these partnership items for purposes of the various gross income tests, the computation of our REIT taxable income, and the REIT distribution requirements. Moreover, for purposes of the asset tests, we will include our pro rata share of assets held
by our operating partnership, including its share of the assets of its subsidiary partnerships, based on our capital interests in each such entity. See “—Taxation of Our Company—Ownership of Interests in Partnerships, Limited
Liability Companies and Qualified REIT Subsidiaries.” A disregarded entity is not treated as a separate entity for U.S. federal income tax purposes, and all assets, liabilities and items of income, gain, loss, deduction and credit of a
disregarded entity are treated as assets, liabilities and items of income, gain, loss, deduction and credit of its parent that is not a disregarded entity (e.g., our operating partnership) for all purposes under the Code, including all REIT
qualification tests. Entity Classification . Our interests in our operating partnership and its subsidiary partnerships and limited
liability companies involve special tax considerations, including the possibility that the IRS might challenge the 42 status of these entities as partnerships or disregarded entities for U.S. federal income tax purposes. For example, an entity that would otherwise be treated as a partnership for U.S. federal
income tax purposes may nonetheless be taxable as a corporation if it is a “publicly traded partnership” and certain other requirements are met. A partnership will be treated as a publicly traded partnership if its interests are traded on
an established securities market or are readily tradable on a secondary market or a substantial equivalent thereof, within the meaning of applicable Treasury Regulations. We do not anticipate that our operating partnership or any of its subsidiary
partnerships will be treated as a publicly traded partnership that is taxable as a corporation. However, if any such entity were treated as a corporation, it would be required to pay an entity-level tax on its income. In this situation, the
character of our assets and items of gross income would change and could prevent us from satisfying the REIT asset tests and possibly the REIT income tests. See “—Taxation of Our Company—Asset Tests” and “—Income
Tests.” This, in turn, could prevent us from qualifying as a REIT. See “—Taxation of Our Company—Failure to Qualify” for a discussion of the effect of our failure to meet these tests. In addition, a change in the tax status
of our operating partnership, or a subsidiary treated as a partnership or disregarded entity, to a corporation might be treated as a taxable event. If so, we might incur a tax liability without any related cash payment. We believe our operating
partnership and each of its subsidiary partnerships and limited liability companies are and will continue to be treated as partnerships or disregarded entities for U.S. federal income tax purposes. Allocations of Income, Gain, Loss and Deduction . The operating partnership agreement generally provides that items of operating income will be
allocated to us to the extent of the accrued preferred return on our preferred units and then to the holders of common units in proportion to the number of common units held by each such unitholder. Items of operating loss will generally be
allocated first to the holders of common units in proportion to the number of common units held, and then to us with respect to our preferred units. Certain limited partners may, from time to time, guarantee debt of our operating partnership,
indirectly through an agreement to make capital contributions to our operating partnership under limited circumstances. As a result of these guaranties or contribution agreements, and notwithstanding the foregoing discussion of allocations of income
and loss of our operating partnership to holders of units, such limited partners could under limited circumstances be allocated a disproportionate amount of net loss upon a liquidation of our operating partnership, which net loss would have
otherwise been allocable to us. In addition, the partnership agreement further provides that holders of long-term incentive units, class C units and class D units may be entitled to receive special allocations of gain in the event of a sale or
hypothetical sale of assets of our operating partnership prior to the allocation of gain to holders of common units. This special allocation of gain is intended to enable the holders of long-term incentive units, class C units and class D units to
convert such units into common units. If an allocation of partnership income or loss does not comply with the requirements of Section 704(b) of the
Code and the Treasury Regulations thereunder, the item subject to the allocation will be reallocated in accordance with the partners’ interests in the partnership. This reallocation will be determined by taking into account all of the facts and
circumstances relating to the economic arrangement of the partners with respect to such item. The allocations of taxable income and loss of our operating partnership and any subsidiaries that are treated as partnerships for U.S. federal income tax
purposes are intended to comply with the requirements of Section 704(b) of the Code and the Treasury Regulations thereunder. Tax Allocations
With Respect to the Properties . Under Section 704(c) of the Code, items of income, gain, loss and deduction attributable to appreciated or depreciated property that is contributed to a partnership in exchange for an interest in the
partnership must be allocated in a manner so that the contributing partner is charged with the unrealized gain or benefits from the unrealized loss associated with the property at the time of the contribution. The amount of the unrealized gain or
unrealized loss generally is equal to the difference between the fair market value or book value and the adjusted tax basis of the contributed property at the time of contribution (this difference is referred to as a book-tax difference), as adjusted from time to time. These allocations are solely for U.S. federal income tax purposes and do not affect the book capital accounts or other economic or legal arrangements among
the partners. 43 Appreciated property was contributed to our operating partnership in exchange for interests in our operating
partnership in connection with the formation transactions. In addition, our operating partnership may, from time to time, acquire interests in property in exchange for interests in our operating partnership. In that case, the tax basis of these
property interests generally will carry over to the operating partnership, notwithstanding their different book (i.e., fair market) value. The partnership agreement requires that income and loss allocations with respect to these properties be made
in a manner consistent with Section 704(c) of the Code. Treasury Regulations issued under Section 704(c) of the Code provide partnerships with a choice of several methods of accounting for book-tax differences. Depending on the method we choose in connection with any particular contribution, the carryover basis of each of the contributed interests in the properties in the hands of our operating partnership (i) could cause us to be
allocated lower amounts of depreciation deductions for tax purposes than would be allocated to us if any of the contributed properties were to have a tax basis equal to its respective fair market value at the time of the contribution and
(ii) could cause us to be allocated taxable gain in the event of a sale of such contributed interests or properties in excess of the economic or book income allocated to us as a result of such sale, with a corresponding benefit to the other
partners in our operating partnership. An allocation described in clause (ii) above might cause us or the other partners to recognize taxable income in excess of cash proceeds in the event of a sale or other disposition of property, which might
adversely affect our ability to comply with the REIT distribution requirements. See “—Taxation of Our Company—Requirements for Qualification as a REIT” and “—Annual Distribution Requirements.” Any property acquired by our operating partnership in a taxable transaction will initially have a tax basis equal to its fair market value, and
Section 704(c) of the Code generally will not apply. Partnership Audit Rules . Under current tax law, subject to certain exceptions,
any audit adjustment to items of income, gain, loss, deduction, or credit of a partnership (and any partner’s distributive share thereof) is determined, and taxes, interest, or penalties attributable thereto are assessed and collected, at the
partnership level. It is possible that these rules could result in partnerships in which we directly or indirectly invest, including our operating partnership, being required to pay additional taxes, interest and penalties as a result of an audit
adjustment, and we, as a direct or indirect partner of these partnerships, could be required to bear the economic burden of those taxes, interest, and penalties even though we, as a REIT, may not otherwise have been required to pay additional
corporate-level taxes as a result of the related audit adjustment. Investors are urged to consult their tax advisors with respect to these rules and their potential impact on their investment in our common stock. Material U.S. Federal Income Tax Consequences to Holders of Our Common Stock The following discussion is a summary of certain material U.S. federal income tax consequences to you of owning and disposing of shares of our common stock
issued upon the exchange of the notes. This discussion is limited to holders who hold shares of our common stock as “capital assets” within the meaning of Section 1221 of the Code (generally, property held for investment). This
discussion does not address all U.S. federal income tax consequences relevant to a holder’s particular circumstances, including the alternative minimum tax. In addition, except where specifically noted, it does not address consequences relevant
to holders subject to special rules, including, without limitation: • | banks, insurance companies, and other financial institutions; • | tax-exempt organizations or governmental organizations; • | S corporations, partnerships or other entities or arrangements treated as partnerships for U.S. federal income tax purposes (and investors therein); • | persons who hold or receive our common stock pursuant to the exercise of any employee stock option or otherwise as compensation; • | REITs or regulated investment companies; • | “controlled foreign corporations,” “passive foreign investment companies,” and corporations that accumulate earnings to avoid U.S. federal income tax; 44 • | brokers, dealers or traders in securities; • | U.S. expatriates and former citizens or long-term residents of the United States; • | persons holding our common stock as part of a hedge, straddle or other risk reduction strategy or as part of a conversion transaction or other integrated investment; • | persons subject to special tax accounting rules as a result of any item of gross income with respect to our common stock being taken into account in an “applicable financial statement” (as defined in the Code); • | persons deemed to sell our common stock under the constructive sale provisions of the Code; or • | U.S. holders (as defined below) whose functional currency is not the U.S. dollar. THIS DISCUSSION IS FOR INFORMATIONAL PURPOSES ONLY AND IS NOT INTENDED AS TAX ADVICE. INVESTORS SHOULD CONSULT THEIR TAX ADVISORS WITH RESPECT TO THE
APPLICATION OF THE U.S. FEDERAL INCOME TAX LAWS TO THEIR PARTICULAR SITUATIONS AS WELL AS ANY TAX CONSEQUENCES OF THE OWNERSHIP AND DISPOSITION OF OUR COMMON STOCK ARISING UNDER OTHER U.S. FEDERAL TAX LAWS (INCLUDING ESTATE AND GIFT TAX LAWS), UNDER
THE LAWS OF ANY STATE, LOCAL OR NON-U.S. TAXING JURISDICTION OR UNDER ANY APPLICABLE TAX TREATY. For purposes
of this discussion, a “U.S. holder” is a beneficial owner of our common stock that, for U.S. federal income tax purposes, is or is treated as: • | an individual who is a citizen or resident of the United States; • | a corporation created or organized under the laws of the United States, any state thereof, or the District of Columbia; • | an estate, the income of which is subject to U.S. federal income tax regardless of its source; or • | a trust that (1) is subject to the primary supervision of a U.S. court and the control of one or more “United States persons” (within the meaning of Section 7701(a)(30) of the Code) or (2) has a valid election in effect to be treated as a United States person for U.S. federal income tax purposes. For purposes of this discussion, a “non-U.S. holder” is any beneficial owner of our common stock that is
neither a U.S. holder nor an entity treated as a partnership for U.S. federal income tax purposes. If an entity treated as a partnership for U.S. federal
income tax purposes holds our common stock, the tax treatment of a partner in the partnership generally will depend on the status of the partner, the activities of the partnership and certain determinations made at the partner level. Accordingly,
partnerships holding our common stock and the partners in such partnerships should consult their tax advisors regarding the U.S. federal income tax consequences to them. Taxation of Taxable U.S. Holders of Our Common Stock Distributions Generally . Distributions out of our current or accumulated earnings and profits will be treated as dividends and, other than with
respect to capital gain dividends and certain amounts which have previously been subject to corporate level tax, as discussed below, will be taxable to our taxable U.S. holders as ordinary income when actually or constructively received. See
“—Tax Rates” below. As long as we qualify as a REIT, these distributions will not be eligible for the dividends-received deduction in the case of U.S. holders that are corporations or, except to the extent described in “—Tax
Rates” below, the preferential rates on qualified dividend income applicable to non-corporate U.S. holders, including individuals. For purposes of determining whether distributions to holders of our
common stock are out of our current or accumulated earnings and profits, our earnings and profits will be allocated first to our outstanding preferred stock and then to our outstanding common stock. 45 To the extent that we make distributions on our common stock in excess of our current and accumulated
earnings and profits allocable to such stock, these distributions will be treated first as a tax-free return of capital to a U.S. holder to the extent of the U.S. holder’s adjusted tax basis in such
shares of stock. This treatment will reduce the U.S. holder’s adjusted tax basis in such shares by such amount, but not below zero. Distributions in excess of our current and accumulated earnings and profits and in excess of a U.S.
holder’s adjusted tax basis in its shares will be taxable as capital gain. Such gain will be taxable as long-term capital gain if the shares have been held for more than one year. Dividends we declare in October, November, or December of any
year and which are payable to a holder of record on a specified date in any of these months will be treated as both paid by us and received by the holder on December 31 of that year, provided we actually pay the dividend on or before
January 31 of the following year. U.S. holders may not include in their own income tax returns any of our net operating losses or capital losses. U.S. holders that receive taxable stock distributions, including distributions partially payable in our common stock and partially payable in cash, would be
required to include the full amount of the distribution (i.e., the cash and the stock portion) as a dividend (subject to limited exceptions) to the extent of our current and accumulated earnings and profits for U.S. federal income tax purposes, as
described above. The amount of any distribution payable in our common stock generally is equal to the amount of cash that could have been received instead of the common stock. Depending on the circumstances of a U.S. holder, the tax on the
distribution may exceed the amount of the distribution received in cash, in which case such U.S. holder would have to pay the tax using cash from other sources. If a U.S. holder sells the common stock it received in connection with a taxable stock
distribution in order to pay this tax and the proceeds of such sale are less than the amount required to be included in income with respect to the stock portion of the distribution, such U.S. holder could have a capital loss with respect to the
stock sale that could not be used to offset such income. A U.S. holder that receives common stock pursuant to such distribution generally has a tax basis in such common stock equal to the amount of cash that could have been received instead of such
common stock as described above, and has a holding period in such common stock that begins on the day immediately following the payment date for the distribution. Capital Gain Dividends . Dividends that we properly designate as capital gain dividends will generally be taxable to our taxable U.S. holders as
a gain from the sale or disposition of a capital asset held for more than one year, to the extent that such gain does not exceed our actual net capital gain for the taxable year, and may not exceed our dividends paid for the taxable year, including
dividends paid the following year that are treated as paid in the current year. U.S. holders that are corporations may, however, be required to treat up to 20% of certain capital gain dividends as ordinary income. If we properly designate any
portion of a dividend as a capital gain dividend, then, except as otherwise required by law, we presently intend to allocate a portion of the total capital gain dividends paid or made available to holders of all classes of our capital stock for the
year to the holders of each class of our capital stock in proportion to the amount that our total dividends, as determined for U.S. federal income tax purposes, paid or made available to the holders of each such class of our capital stock for the
year bears to the total dividends, as determined for U.S. federal income tax purposes, paid or made available to holders of all classes of our capital stock for the year. In addition, except as otherwise required by law, we will make a similar
allocation with respect to any undistributed long-term capital gains which are to be included in our stockholders’ long-term capital gains, based on the allocation of the capital gain amount which would have resulted if those undistributed
long-term capital gains had been distributed as “capital gain dividends” by us to our stockholders. Retention of Net Capital
Gains . We may elect to retain, rather than distribute as a capital gain dividend, all or a portion of our net capital gains. If we make this election, we would pay tax on our retained net capital gains. In addition, to the extent we so
elect, our earnings and profits (determined for U.S. federal income tax purposes) would be adjusted accordingly, and a U.S. holder generally would: • | include its pro rata share of our undistributed capital gain in computing its long-term capital gains in its U.S. federal income tax return for its taxable year in which the last day of our taxable year falls, subject to certain limitations as to the amount that is includable; 46 • | be deemed to have paid its share of the capital gains tax imposed on us on the designated amounts included in the U.S. holder’s income as long-term capital gain; • | receive a credit or refund for the amount of tax deemed paid by it; • | increase the adjusted tax basis of its common stock by the difference between the amount of includable gains and the tax deemed to have been paid by it; and • | in the case of a U.S. holder that is a corporation, appropriately adjust its earnings and profits for the retained capital gains in accordance with Treasury Regulations to be promulgated by the IRS. Passive Activity Losses and
Investment Interest Limitations . Distributions we make and gain arising from the sale or exchange of our common stock by a U.S. holder will not be treated as passive activity income. As a result, U.S. holders generally will not be able to
apply any “passive losses” against this income or gain. A U.S. holder generally may elect to treat capital gain dividends, capital gains from the disposition of our common stock and income designated as qualified dividend income, as
described in “—Tax Rates” below, as investment income for purposes of computing the investment interest limitation, but in such case, the holder will be taxed at ordinary income rates on such amount. Other distributions made by us, to
the extent they do not constitute a return of capital, generally will be treated as investment income for purposes of computing the investment interest limitation. Dispositions of Our Common Stock . If a U.S. holder sells or disposes of shares of our common stock, it will recognize gain or loss for U.S.
federal income tax purposes in an amount equal to the difference between the amount of cash and the fair market value of any property received on the sale or other disposition and the holder’s adjusted tax basis in the shares. This gain or
loss, except as provided below, will be long-term capital gain or loss if the holder has held such common stock for more than one year. However, if a U.S. holder recognizes a loss upon the sale or other disposition of common stock that it has held
for six months or less, after applying certain holding period rules, the loss recognized will be treated as a long-term capital loss to the extent the U.S. holder received distributions from us which were required to be treated as long-term capital
gains. The deductibility of capital losses is subject to limitations. Tax Rates . The maximum tax rate for non-corporate taxpayers for (1) long-term capital gains, including certain “capital gain dividends,” generally is 20% (although depending on the characteristics of the assets which produced
these gains and on designations which we may make, certain capital gain dividends may be taxed at a 25% rate) and (2) “qualified dividend income” generally is 20%. In general, dividends payable by REITs are not eligible for the reduced tax
rate on qualified dividend income, except to the extent that certain holding period requirements have been met and the REIT’s dividends are attributable to dividends received from taxable corporations (such as its taxable REIT subsidiaries) or
to income that was subject to tax at the corporate/REIT level (for example, if the REIT distributed taxable income that it retained and paid tax on in the prior taxable year). Capital gain dividends will only be eligible for the rates described
above to the extent that they are properly designated by the REIT as “capital gain dividends.” U.S. holders that are corporations may be required to treat up to 20% of some capital gain dividends as ordinary income. In addition, non-corporate U.S. holders, including individuals, generally may deduct up to 20% of dividends from a REIT, other than capital gain dividends and dividends treated as qualified dividend income, for taxable years
beginning before January 1, 2026 for purposes of determining their U.S. federal income tax (but not for purposes of the 3.8% Medicare tax), subject to certain holding period requirements and other limitations. Taxation of Tax-Exempt Holders of Our Common Stock Dividend income from us and gain arising upon a sale of shares of our common stock generally should not be unrelated business taxable income, or UBTI, to a tax-exempt holder, except as described below. This income or gain will be UBTI, however, to the extent a tax-exempt holder holds its shares as “debt-financed
property” within the meaning of the Code. Generally, “debt-financed property” is property the acquisition or holding of which was financed through a borrowing by the tax-exempt holder. 47 For tax-exempt holders that are social clubs, voluntary employee
benefit associations or supplemental unemployment benefit trusts exempt from U.S. federal income taxation under Sections 501(c)(7), (c)(9) or (c)(17) of the Code, respectively, income from an investment in our shares will constitute UBTI unless the
organization is able to properly claim a deduction for amounts set aside or placed in reserve for specific purposes so as to offset the income generated by its investment in our shares. These prospective investors should consult their tax advisors
concerning these “set aside” and reserve requirements. Notwithstanding the above, however, a portion of the dividends paid by a
“pension-held REIT” may be treated as UBTI as to certain trusts that hold more than 10%, by value, of the interests in the REIT. A REIT will not be a “pension-held REIT” if it is able to satisfy the “not closely held”
requirement without relying on the “look-through” exception with respect to certain trusts or if such REIT is not “predominantly held” by “qualified trusts.” As a result of restrictions on ownership and transfer of our
stock contained in our charter, we do not expect to be classified as a “pension-held REIT,” and as a result, the tax treatment described above should be inapplicable to our holders. However, because our stock is (and, we anticipate, will
continue to be) publicly traded, we cannot guarantee that this will always be the case. Taxation of Non-U.S. Holders of Our Common Stock The following discussion addresses the rules governing U.S. federal income taxation of the ownership and disposition of
shares of our common stock issued upon the exchange of the notes by non-U.S. holders. These rules are complex, and no attempt is made herein to provide more than a brief summary of such rules. Accordingly, the
discussion does not address all aspects of U.S. federal income taxation and does not address other federal, state, local or non-U.S. tax consequences that may be relevant to a non-U.S. holder in light of its particular circumstances. We urge non-U.S. holders to consult their tax advisors to determine the impact of U.S. federal, state, local
and non-U.S. income and other tax laws and any applicable tax treaty on the ownership and disposition of shares of our common stock, including any reporting requirements. Distributions Generally . Distributions (including any taxable stock distributions) that are neither attributable to gains from sales or
exchanges by us of United States real property interests, or USRPIs, nor designated by us as capital gain dividends (except as described below) will be treated as dividends of ordinary income to the extent that they are made out of our current or
accumulated earnings and profits. Such distributions ordinarily will be subject to withholding of U.S. federal income tax at a 30% rate or such lower rate as may be specified by an applicable income tax treaty, unless the distributions are treated
as effectively connected with the conduct by the non-U.S. holder of a trade or business within the United States (and, if required by an applicable income tax treaty, the non-U.S. holder maintains a permanent establishment in the United States to which such dividends are attributable). Under certain treaties, however, lower withholding rates generally applicable to dividends do
not apply to dividends from a REIT. Certain certification and disclosure requirements must be satisfied for a non-U.S. holder to be exempt from withholding under the effectively connected income exemption.
Dividends that are treated as effectively connected with a U.S. trade or business generally will not be subject to withholding but will be subject to U.S. federal income tax on a net basis at the regular rates, in the same manner as dividends paid
to U.S. holders are subject to U.S. federal income tax. Any such dividends received by a non-U.S. holder that is a corporation may also be subject to an additional branch profits tax at a 30% rate (applicable
after deducting U.S. federal income taxes paid on such effectively connected income) or such lower rate as may be specified by an applicable income tax treaty. Except as otherwise provided below, we expect to withhold U.S. federal income tax at the rate of 30% on any distributions made to a non-U.S. holder unless: (1) | a lower treaty rate applies and the non-U.S. holder furnishes an IRS Form W-8BEN or W-8BEN-E (or other applicable documentation) evidencing eligibility for that reduced treaty rate; or (2) | the non-U.S. holder furnishes an IRS Form W-8ECI (or other applicable documentation) claiming that the distribution is income effectively connected with the non-U.S. holder’s trade or business. 48 Distributions in excess of our current and accumulated earnings and profits will not be taxable to a non-U.S. holder to the extent that such distributions do not exceed the adjusted tax basis of the holder’s common stock, but rather will reduce the adjusted tax basis of such stock. To the extent that such
distributions exceed the non-U.S. holder’s adjusted tax basis in such common stock, they generally will give rise to gain from the sale or exchange of such stock, the tax treatment of which is described
below. However, such excess distributions may be treated as dividend income for certain non-U.S. holders. For withholding purposes, we expect to treat all distributions as made out of our current or
accumulated earnings and profits. However, amounts withheld may be refundable if it is subsequently determined that the distribution was, in fact, in excess of our current and accumulated earnings and profits, provided that certain conditions are
met. Capital Gain Dividends and Distributions Attributable to a Sale or Exchange of United States Real Property Interests . Distributions to
a non-U.S. holder that we properly designate as capital gain dividends, other than those arising from the disposition of a USRPI, generally should not be subject to U.S. federal income taxation, unless: (1) | the investment in our common stock is treated as effectively connected with the conduct by the non-U.S. holder of a trade or business within the United States (and, if required by an applicable income tax treaty, the non-U.S. holder maintains a permanent establishment in the United States to which such dividends are attributable), in which case the non-U.S. holder will be subject to the same treatment as U.S. holders with respect to such gain, except that a non-U.S. holder that is a corporation may also be subject to a branch profits tax of up to 30%, as discussed above; or (2) | the non-U.S. holder is a nonresident alien individual who is present in the United States for 183 days or more during the taxable year and certain other conditions are met, in which case the non-U.S. holder will be subject to U.S. federal income tax at a rate of 30% on the non-U.S. holder’s capital gains (or such lower rate specified by an applicable income tax treaty), which may be offset by U.S. source capital losses of such non-U.S. holder (even though the individual is not considered a resident of the United States), provided the non-U.S. holder has timely filed U.S. federal income tax returns with respect to such losses. Pursuant to the Foreign Investment in Real Property Tax Act, which is referred to as “FIRPTA,” distributions to a non-U.S. holder that are attributable to gain from sales or exchanges by us of USRPIs, whether or not designated as capital gain dividends, will cause the non-U.S. holder to
be treated as recognizing such gain as income effectively connected with a U.S. trade or business. Non-U.S. holders generally would be taxed at the regular rates applicable to U.S. holders, subject to any
applicable alternative minimum tax and a special alternative minimum tax in the case of nonresident alien individuals. We also will be required to withhold and to remit to the IRS 21% of any distribution to non-U.S. holders attributable to gain from sales or exchanges by us of USRPIs. Distributions subject to FIRPTA may also be subject to a 30% branch profits tax in the hands of a non-U.S. holder that is a corporation. The amount withheld is creditable against the non-U.S. holder’s U.S. federal income tax liability. However, any distribution
with respect to any class of stock that is “regularly traded,” as defined by applicable Treasury Regulations, on an established securities market located in the United States is not subject to FIRPTA, and therefore, not subject to the 21%
U.S. withholding tax described above, if the non-U.S. holder did not own more than 10% of such class of stock at any time during the one-year period ending on the date
of the distribution. Instead, such distributions generally will be treated as ordinary dividend distributions and subject to withholding in the manner described above with respect to ordinary dividends. In addition, distributions to certain non-U.S. publicly traded shareholders that meet certain record-keeping and other requirements (“qualified shareholders”) are exempt from FIRPTA, except to the extent owners of such qualified shareholders
that are not also qualified shareholders own, actually or constructively, more than 10% of our capital stock. Furthermore, distributions to certain “qualified foreign pension funds” or entities all of the interests of which are held by
such “qualified foreign pension funds” are exempt from FIRPTA. Non-U.S. holders should consult their tax advisors regarding the application of these rules. Retention of Net Capital Gains . Although the law is not clear on the matter, it appears that amounts we designate as retained net capital gains
in respect of our common stock should be treated with respect to non-U.S. holders as 49 actual distributions of capital gain dividends. Under this approach, the non-U.S. holders may be able to offset as a credit against their U.S. federal
income tax liability their proportionate share of the tax paid by us on such retained net capital gains and to receive from the IRS a refund to the extent their proportionate share of such tax paid by us exceeds their actual U.S. federal income tax
liability. If we were to designate any portion of our net capital gain as retained net capital gain, non-U.S. holders should consult their tax advisors regarding the taxation of such retained net capital gain. Sale of Our Common Stock . Gain realized by a non-U.S. holder upon the sale, exchange or other
taxable disposition of our common stock generally will not be subject to U.S. federal income tax unless such stock constitutes a USRPI. In general, stock of a domestic corporation that constitutes a “United States real property holding
corporation,” or USRPHC, will constitute a USRPI. We believe that we are a USRPHC. Our common stock will not, however, constitute a USRPI so long as we are a “domestically controlled qualified investment entity.” A “domestically
controlled qualified investment entity” includes a REIT in which at all times during a five-year testing period less than 50% in value of its stock is held directly or indirectly by non-United States
persons, subject to certain ownership rules. For purposes of determining whether a REIT is a “domestically controlled qualified investment entity,” ownership by non-United States persons generally
will be determined by looking through certain pass-through entities and U.S. corporations, including non-public REITs and certain non-public foreign-controlled domestic
C corporations, and treating a public qualified investment entity as a non-United States person unless such entity is a “domestically controlled qualified investment entity.” Notwithstanding the
foregoing ownership rules, a person who at all applicable times holds less than 5% of a class of a REIT’s stock that is “regularly traded” on an established securities market in the United States is treated as a United States person
unless the REIT has actual knowledge that such person is not a United States person or is a foreign-controlled person. We believe, but cannot guarantee, that we are a “domestically controlled qualified investment entity.” Because our stock
is (and, we anticipate, will continue to be) publicly traded, no assurance can be given that we will continue to be a “domestically controlled qualified investment entity.” Even if we do not qualify as a “domestically controlled qualified investment entity” at the time a non-U.S. holder sells our common stock, gain realized from the sale or other taxable disposition by a non-U.S. holder of such common stock would not be subject to U.S. federal income tax under FIRPTA as a sale of a
USRPI if: (1) | our common stock is “regularly traded,” as defined by applicable Treasury Regulations, on an established securities market such as the NYSE; and (2) | such non-U.S. holder owned, actually and constructively, 10% or less of our common stock throughout the shorter of the five-year period ending on the date of the sale or other taxable disposition or the non-U.S. holder’s holding period. In addition, dispositions of our common stock by qualified shareholders are exempt from FIRPTA, except to the extent owners of such qualified shareholders
that are not also qualified shareholders own, actually or constructively, more than 10% of our capital stock. Furthermore, dispositions of our common stock by certain “qualified foreign pension funds” or entities all of the interests of
which are held by such “qualified foreign pension funds” are exempt from FIRPTA. Non-U.S. holders should consult their tax advisors regarding the application of these rules. Notwithstanding the foregoing, gain from the sale, exchange or other taxable disposition of our common stock not otherwise subject to FIRPTA will be taxable
to a non-U.S. holder if either (a) the investment in our common stock is treated as effectively connected with the conduct by the non-U.S. holder of a trade or
business within the United States (and, if required by an applicable income tax treaty, the non-U.S. holder maintains a permanent establishment in the United States to which such gain is attributable), in
which case the non-U.S. holder will be subject to the same treatment as U.S. holders with respect to such gain, except that a non-U.S. holder that is a corporation may
also be subject to the 30% branch profits tax (or such lower rate as may be specified by an applicable income tax treaty) on such gain, as adjusted for certain items, or (b) the non-U.S. holder is a
nonresident alien individual who is present in the United States for 183 days or more during the taxable year and certain other conditions are met, in which case the non-U.S. holder will be subject to a 30%
tax on the non-U.S. 50 holder’s capital gains (or such lower rate specified by an applicable income tax treaty), which may be offset by U.S. source capital losses of the non-U.S. holder (even though the individual is not considered a resident of the United States), provided the non-U.S. holder has timely filed U.S. federal income tax
returns with respect to such losses. In addition, even if we are a domestically controlled qualified investment entity, upon disposition of our common stock, a non-U.S. holder may be treated as having gain
from the sale or other taxable disposition of a USRPI if the non-U.S. holder (1) disposes of such stock within a 30-day period preceding the ex-dividend date of a distribution, any portion of which, but for the disposition, would have been treated as gain from the sale or exchange of a USRPI and (2) acquires, or enters into a contract or option to
acquire, or is deemed to acquire, other shares of that stock during the 61-day period beginning with the first day of the 30-day period described in clause (1), unless
our common stock is “regularly traded” and the non-U.S. holder did not own more than 10% of our common stock at any time during the one-year period ending on
the date of the distribution described in clause (1). If gain on the sale, exchange or other taxable disposition of our common stock were subject to
taxation under FIRPTA, the non-U.S. holder would be required to file a U.S. federal income tax return and would be subject to regular U.S. federal income tax with respect to such gain in the same manner as a
taxable U.S. holder (subject to any applicable alternative minimum tax and a special alternative minimum tax in the case of nonresident alien individuals). In addition, if the sale, exchange or other taxable disposition of our common stock were
subject to taxation under FIRPTA, and if shares of our common stock were not “regularly traded” on an established securities market, the purchaser of our common stock generally would be required to withhold and remit to the IRS 15% of the
purchase price. Information Reporting and Backup Withholding U.S. Holders . A U.S. holder may be subject to information reporting and backup withholding when such holder receives payments on
our common stock or proceeds from the sale or other taxable disposition of such stock. Certain U.S. holders are exempt from backup withholding, including corporations and certain tax-exempt organizations. A
U.S. holder will be subject to backup withholding if such holder is not otherwise exempt and: • | the holder fails to furnish the holder’s taxpayer identification number, which for an individual is ordinarily his or her social security number; • | the holder furnishes an incorrect taxpayer identification number; • | the applicable withholding agent is notified by the IRS that the holder previously failed to properly report payments of interest or dividends; or • | the holder fails to certify under penalties of perjury that the holder has furnished a correct taxpayer identification number and that the IRS has not notified the holder that the holder is subject to backup withholding. Backup withholding
is not an additional tax. Any amounts withheld under the backup withholding rules may be allowed as a refund or a credit against a U.S. holder’s U.S. federal income tax liability, provided the required information is timely furnished to the
IRS. U.S. holders should consult their tax advisors regarding their qualification for an exemption from backup withholding and the procedures for obtaining such an exemption. Non-U.S. Holders . Payments of dividends on our common stock generally will not be subject to backup
withholding, provided the applicable withholding agent does not have actual knowledge or reason to know the holder is a United States person and the holder either certifies its non-U.S. status, such as by
furnishing a valid IRS Form W-8BEN, W-8BEN-E or W-8ECI, or otherwise establishes an
exemption. However, information returns are required to be filed with the IRS in connection with any distributions on our common stock paid to the non-U.S. holder, regardless of whether such distributions
constitute a dividend or whether any tax was actually withheld. In addition, proceeds of the sale or other taxable disposition of such stock within the United States or conducted through certain U.S.-related brokers generally will not be subject to
backup withholding or 51 information reporting, if the applicable withholding agent receives the certification described above and does not have actual knowledge or reason to know that such holder is a United States
person, or the holder otherwise establishes an exemption. Proceeds of a disposition of such stock conducted through a non-U.S. office of a non-U.S. broker generally will
not be subject to backup withholding or information reporting. Copies of information returns that are filed with the IRS may also be made available under
the provisions of an applicable treaty or agreement to the tax authorities of the country in which the non-U.S. holder resides or is established. Backup withholding is not an additional tax. Any amounts withheld under the backup withholding rules may be allowed as a refund or a credit against a non-U.S. holder’s U.S. federal income tax liability, provided the required information is timely furnished to the IRS. Medicare Contribution Tax on Unearned Income Certain
U.S. holders that are individuals, estates or trusts are required to pay an additional 3.8% tax on, among other things, dividends on stock and capital gains from the sale or other disposition of stock, subject to certain limitations. U.S. holders
should consult their tax advisors regarding the effect, if any, of these rules on their ownership and disposition of our common stock. Additional
Withholding Tax on Payments Made to Foreign Accounts Withholding taxes may be imposed under Sections 1471 to 1474 of the Code (such sections commonly
referred to as the Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act, or FATCA) on certain types of payments made to non-U.S. financial institutions and certain other non-U.S. entities. Specifically, a 30% withholding tax may be imposed on dividends on our common stock or (subject to the proposed Treasury Regulations discussed below) gross proceeds from the sale or other disposition of our common stock, in each case paid
to a “foreign financial institution” or a “non-financial foreign entity” (each as defined in the Code), unless (1) the foreign financial institution undertakes certain diligence and
reporting obligations, (2) the non-financial foreign entity either certifies it does not have any “substantial United States owners” (as defined in the Code) or furnishes identifying information
regarding each substantial United States owner, or (3) the foreign financial institution or non-financial foreign entity otherwise qualifies for an exemption from these rules. If the payee is a foreign
financial institution and is subject to the diligence and reporting requirements in clause (1) above, it must enter into an agreement with the U.S. Department of the Treasury requiring, among other things, that it undertake to identify accounts
held by certain “specified United States persons” or “United States owned foreign entities” (each as defined in the Code), annually report certain information about such accounts, and withhold 30% on certain payments to non-compliant foreign financial institutions and certain other account holders. Foreign financial institutions located in jurisdictions that have an intergovernmental agreement with the United States governing FATCA
may be subject to different rules. Under the applicable Treasury Regulations and administrative guidance, withholding under FATCA generally applies to
payments of dividends on our common stock. While withholding under FATCA would have applied also to payments of gross proceeds from the sale or other disposition of stock on or after January 1, 2019, proposed Treasury Regulations eliminate
FATCA withholding on payments of gross proceeds entirely. Taxpayers generally may rely on these proposed Treasury Regulations until final Treasury Regulations are issued. Because we may not know the extent to which a distribution is a dividend for
U.S. federal income tax purposes at the time it is made, for purposes of these withholding rules we may treat the entire distribution as a dividend. Prospective investors should consult their tax advisors regarding the potential application of withholding under FATCA to their investment in our common
stock. 52 Other Tax Consequences State, local and non-U.S. income tax laws may differ substantially from the corresponding U.S. federal income tax laws,
and this discussion does not purport to describe any aspect of the tax laws of any state, local or non-U.S. jurisdiction, or any U.S. federal tax other than income tax. You should consult your tax advisors
regarding the effect of state, local and non-U.S. tax laws with respect to our tax treatment as a REIT and on an investment in our common stock. 53 SELLING SECURITYHOLDERS The 1.875% exchangeable senior notes due 2029, or the notes, were originally issued by Digital Realty Trust, L.P., our operating partnership, and sold by the
initial purchasers of the notes in transactions exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act to persons reasonably believed by the initial purchasers to be qualified institutional buyers as defined by Rule 144A under the
Securities Act. Under certain circumstances, we may issue shares of our common stock upon the exchange of the notes. In such circumstances, the selling securityholders may use this prospectus to resell from time to time the shares of our common
stock that we may issue to them upon the exchange of the notes. Information about certain selling securityholders is set forth herein, and information
about additional selling securityholders may be set forth in a prospectus supplement, in a post-effective amendment, or in filings we make with the SEC under the Exchange Act, which are incorporated by reference in this prospectus. Selling
securityholders, including their transferees, pledgees or donees or their successors, may from time to time offer and resell pursuant to this prospectus and any accompanying prospectus supplement any or all of the shares of our common stock which we
may issue upon the exchange of the notes. The following table sets forth information, as of April 4, 2025, with respect to the selling
securityholders and the number of shares of our common stock that would become beneficially owned by each selling securityholder should we issue our common stock to such selling securityholders that may be offered pursuant to this prospectus upon
the exchange of the notes. The information is based on information provided by or on behalf of the selling securityholders. The selling securityholders may offer all, some or none of the shares of our common stock which we may issue upon the
exchange of the notes. Because the selling securityholders may offer all or some portion of such shares of our common stock, we cannot estimate the number of shares of our common stock that will be held by the selling securityholders upon
termination of any of these sales. In addition, the selling securityholders identified below may have sold, transferred or otherwise disposed of all or a portion of their notes or shares of our common stock since the date on which they provided the
information regarding their notes in transactions exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act. The number of shares of our common
stock issuable upon the exchange of the notes shown in the table below assumes exchange of the full amount of notes held by each selling securityholder at the initial maximum exchange rate of 5.7597 shares of our common stock per $1,000 principal
amount of notes and a cash payment in lieu of any fractional share. This exchange rate is subject to adjustment in certain events, including, but not limited to, certain stock dividends on our common stock, splits and combinations, the issuance of
certain rights, options or warrants to holders of our common stock, certain distributions of assets, debt securities, capital stock or other property to holders of our common stock, cash dividends on our common stock in excess of a threshold amount,
and certain tender or exchange offers. Accordingly, the number of shares of our common stock issued upon the exchange of the notes may increase or decrease from time to time. The number of shares of our common stock owned by the other selling
securityholders or any future transferee from any such holder assumes that they do not beneficially own any shares of common stock other than the common stock that we may issue to them upon the exchange of the notes. In addition to the shares of
common stock issuable upon exchange of the notes based on the initial maximum exchange rate, this prospectus registers the resale of an aggregate of 76,345 additional shares of common stock (or approximately 0.0663 shares per $1,000 principal amount
of notes) issuable upon exchange of the notes as a result of adjustments to the exchange rate that may occur after the date of this prospectus. We have
not received any notice from any selling security holder indicating that any selling securityholders or any of their affiliates, officers, directors or principal equity holders has held any positions or office or has had any material relationship
with us within the past three years, and we are not aware of any such position, office or material relationship. To the extent any of the selling
securityholders identified below are broker-dealers, they may be deemed to be, under interpretations of the staff of the SEC, “underwriters” within the meaning of the Securities Act. Unless 54 otherwise indicated in the footnotes below, we believe that the persons and entities named in the table have sole voting and investment power with respect to all shares of our common stock
beneficially owned. Name | Number of Shares Beneficially Owned Prior to the Offering | Percentage of Shares Beneficially Owned Prior to the Offering (3) | Number of Shares Offered Hereby (1) | Number of Shares Beneficially Owned After the Offering (2) | Percentage of Shares Beneficially Owned After the Offering (2)(3)
(4) | 6,623,655 | 2.0 | % | 6,623,655 | — | * (1) | In addition to the shares of common stock listed in this column, this prospectus registers the resale of an aggregate of 76,345 additional shares of common stock (or approximately 0.0663 shares per $1,000 principal amount of notes) issuable upon exchange of the notes as a result of adjustments to the exchange rate that may occur after the date of this prospectus. (2) | Assumes the selling securityholder sells all of its shares of our common stock offered pursuant to this prospectus. (3) | Based on a total of 336,748,718 shares of our common stock outstanding as of April 4, 2025. (4) | Selling securityholders not named in this prospectus will not be able to use this prospectus for resales until they are named in the selling securityholders table by prospectus supplement or post-effective amendment. Transferees, successors and donees of identified selling securityholders will not be able to use this prospectus for resales until they are named in the selling securityholders table by prospectus supplement or post-effective amendment. If required, we will add transferees, successors and donees by prospectus supplement in instances where the transferee, successor or donee has acquired its shares from holders named in this prospectus after the effective date of this prospectus. 55 PLAN OF DISTRIBUTION Any of the selling securityholders may, from time to time, sell any or all of the shares of our common stock beneficially owned by them and offered hereby
directly or through underwriters, broker-dealers or agents. If the common stock is sold through broker-dealers or agents, the selling securityholder will be responsible for underwriting discounts or commissions or agents’ commissions. The
common stock may be sold in one or more transactions at fixed prices, at prevailing market prices at the time of sale, at varying prices determined at the time or sale or at negotiated prices. Such sales may be effected in transactions (which may
involve block transactions): • | on any national securities exchange or quotation service on which the common stock may be listed or quoted at the time of sale; • | in the over-the-counter market; • | otherwise than on such exchanges or services or in the over-the-counter market; or • | through the writing of options. In connection with sales of the common stock or otherwise, the selling securityholders may enter into hedging transactions with broker-dealers, which may in
turn engage in short sales of the common stock in the course of the hedging positions they assume. The selling securityholders may also sell common stock short and deliver common stock to close out short positions or loan or pledge common stock to
broker-dealers that in turn may sell such securities. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary, in no event will the methods of distribution take the form of an underwritten offering of the common stock without the prior agreement of the Company. If applicable, the specific plan of distribution and terms, including any underwriters, dealers, agents or direct purchasers, the amount underwritten and
their compensation will be identified in the applicable prospectus supplement. The selling securityholders and any broker-dealers or agents that are
involved in selling the shares may be deemed to be “underwriters” within the meaning of the Securities Act in connection with such sales. In such event, any commissions received by such broker-dealers or agents and any profit on the resale
of the shares purchased by them may be deemed to be underwriting commissions or discounts under the Securities Act. The selling securityholders will be
subject to the Exchange Act, including Regulation M, which may limit the timing of purchases and sales of common stock by the selling securityholders and their affiliates. There can be no assurance that the selling securityholders will sell any or all of the shares of common stock registered pursuant to the registration
statement, of which this prospectus or any accompanying prospectus supplement forms a part. 56 LEGAL MATTERS Venable LLP, Baltimore, Maryland, has issued an opinion to us regarding certain matters of Maryland law, including the validity of the shares of our common
stock covered by this prospectus. Latham & Watkins LLP, Los Angeles, California has issued an opinion regarding certain tax matters described under “United States Federal Income Tax Considerations.” EXPERTS The
consolidated financial statements of Digital Realty Trust, Inc. and subsidiaries as of December 31, 2024 and 2023, and for each of the years in the three-year period ended December 31, 2024, and management’s assessment of the
effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2024, have been incorporated by reference herein in reliance upon the reports of KPMG LLP, independent registered public accounting firm, incorporated by reference
herein, and upon the authority of said firm as experts in accounting and auditing. The consolidated financial statements of Digital Realty Trust, L.P.
and subsidiaries as of December 31, 2024 and 2023, and for each of the years in the three-year period ended December 31, 2024, have been incorporated by reference herein in reliance upon the report of KPMG LLP, independent registered
public accounting firm, incorporated by reference herein, and upon the authority of said firm as experts in accounting and auditing. 57 PART II INFORMATION NOT REQUIRED IN PROSPECTUS Item 14. | Other Expenses of Issuance and Distribution The following is an estimate of the expenses (all of which are to be paid by the registrant) that we may incur in connection with the securities being
registered hereby. SEC registration fee | $ | 141,484.46
Legal fees and expenses (1) | $ | 150,000.00
Accounting fees and expenses (1) | $ | 25,000.00
Miscellaneous (1) | $ | 0.00
Total (1) | $ | 316,484.46 (1) | Estimates. Actual amounts to be determined from time to time. Item 15. Indemnification of Directors and Officers The MGCL permits a Maryland corporation to include in its charter a provision limiting the liability of its directors and officers to the corporation and its
stockholders for money damages except for liability resulting from actual receipt of an improper benefit or profit in money, property or services or active and deliberate dishonesty established by a final judgment as being material to the cause of
action. Our charter contains such a provision which eliminates such liability to the maximum extent permitted by Maryland law. The MGCL requires a
corporation (unless its charter provides otherwise, which our charter does not) to indemnify a director or officer who has been successful, on the merits or otherwise, in the defense of any proceeding to which he or she is made or threatened to be
made a party by reason of his or her service in that capacity. The MGCL permits a corporation to indemnify its present and former directors and officers, among others, against judgments, penalties, fines, settlements and reasonable expenses actually
incurred by them in connection with any proceeding to which they may be made or are threatened to be made a party by reason of their service in those or other capacities unless it is established that: • | the act or omission of the director or officer was material to the matter giving rise to the proceeding, and: • | was committed in bad faith; or • | was the result of active and deliberate dishonesty; • | the director or officer actually received an improper personal benefit in money, property or services; or • | in the case of any criminal proceeding, the director or officer had reasonable cause to believe that the act or omission was unlawful. However, under the MGCL, a Maryland corporation may not indemnify for an adverse judgment in a suit by or in the
right of the corporation or for a judgment of liability on the basis that personal benefit was improperly received, unless in either case a court orders indemnification and then only for expenses. In addition, the MGCL permits a corporation to
advance reasonable expenses to a director or officer upon the corporation’s receipt of: • | a written affirmation by the director or officer of his or her good faith belief that he or she has met the standard of conduct necessary for indemnification by the corporation; and • | a written undertaking by the director or officer or on the director’s or officer’s behalf to repay the amount paid or reimbursed by the corporation if it is ultimately determined that the director or officer did not meet the standard of conduct. II-1 Our charter authorizes us to obligate our company and our bylaws obligate us, to the maximum extent
permitted by Maryland law in effect from time to time, to indemnify and, without requiring a preliminary determination of the ultimate entitlement to indemnification, pay or reimburse reasonable expenses in advance of final disposition of a
proceeding to: • | any present or former director or officer who is made or threatened to be made a party to the proceeding by reason of his or her service in that capacity; or • | any individual who, while a director or officer of our company and at our request, serves or has served another corporation, REIT, partnership, joint venture, trust, limited liability company, employee benefit plan or any other enterprise as a director, officer, partner, trustee, member or manager and who is made or threatened to be made a party to the proceeding by reason of his or her service in that capacity. Our charter and bylaws also permit us to indemnify and advance expenses to
any person who served a predecessor of ours in any of the capacities described above and to any employee or agent of our company or a predecessor of our company. The partnership agreement provides that we, as general partner, and our officers and directors are indemnified to the fullest extent permitted by law. See
“Description of the Partnership Agreement of Digital Realty Trust, L.P.—Indemnification and Limitation of Liability.” We have also entered
into indemnification agreements with our executive officers and directors that obligate us to indemnify them to the maximum extent permitted by Maryland law. The indemnification agreements provide that: • | If a director or executive officer is a party or is threatened to be made a party to any proceeding, other than a proceeding by or in the right of our company, by reason of such director’s or executive officer’s status as a director, officer or employee of our company, we must indemnify such director or executive officer for all expenses and liabilities actually and reasonably incurred by him or her, or on his or her behalf, unless it has been established that: • | the act or omission of the director or executive officer was material to the matter giving rise to the proceeding and was committed in bad faith or was the result of active and deliberate dishonesty; • | the director or executive officer actually received an improper personal benefit in money, property or other services; or • | with respect to any criminal action or proceeding, the director or executive officer had reasonable cause to believe that his or her conduct was unlawful. • | If a director or executive officer is a party or is threatened to be made a party to any proceeding by or in the right of our company to procure a judgment in our company’s favor by reason of such director’s or executive officer’s status as a director, officer or employee of our company, we must indemnify such director or executive officer for all expenses and liabilities actually and reasonably incurred by him or her, or on his or her behalf, unless it has been established that: • | the act or omission of the director or executive officer was material to the matter giving rise to the proceeding and was committed in bad faith or was the result of active and deliberate dishonesty; or • | the director or executive officer actually received an improper personal benefit in money, property or other services; provided, however, that we will have no obligation to indemnify such director or executive officer for all expenses and
liabilities actually and reasonably incurred by him or her, or on his or her behalf, if it has been adjudged that such director or executive officer is liable to us with respect to such proceeding. II-2 • | Upon application of a director or executive officer of our company to a court of appropriate jurisdiction, the court may order indemnification of such director or executive officer if: • | the court determines that such director or executive officer is entitled to indemnification under the applicable section of the MGCL, in which case the director or executive officer shall be entitled to recover from us the expenses of securing such indemnification; or • | the court determines that such director or executive officer is fairly and reasonably entitled to indemnification in view of all the relevant circumstances, whether or not the director or executive officer has met the standards of conduct set forth in the applicable section of the MGCL or has been adjudged liable for receipt of an improper personal benefit under the applicable section of the MGCL; provided, however, that our indemnification obligations to such director or executive officer will be limited to the expenses actually and reasonably incurred by him or her, or on his or her behalf, in connection with any proceeding by or in the right of our company or in which the officer or director shall have been adjudged liable for receipt of an improper personal benefit under the applicable section of the MGCL. • | Notwithstanding, and without limiting, any other provisions of the agreements, if a director or executive officer is a party or is threatened to be made a party to any proceeding by reason of such director’s or executive officer’s status as a director, officer or employee of our company, and such director or executive officer is successful, on the merits or otherwise, as to one or more but less than all claims, issues or matters in such proceeding, we must indemnify such director or executive officer for all expenses actually and reasonably incurred by him or her, or on his or her behalf, in connection with each successfully resolved claim, issue or matter, including any claim, issue or matter in such a proceeding that is terminated by dismissal, with or without prejudice. • | We must pay all indemnifiable expenses in advance of the final disposition of any proceeding if the director or executive officer furnishes us with a written affirmation of the director’s or executive officer’s good faith belief that the standard of conduct necessary for indemnification by our company has been met and a written undertaking to reimburse us if a court of competent jurisdiction determines that the director or executive officer is not entitled to indemnification. We must pay all indemnifiable expenses to the director or executive officer within 20 calendar days following the date the director or executive officer
submits proof of the expenses to us. Insofar as indemnification for liabilities arising under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, may be permitted to
directors, officers or persons controlling the registrant pursuant to the foregoing provisions, the registrant has been informed that in the opinion of the Securities and Exchange Commission such indemnification is against public policy as expressed
in the Act and is therefore unenforceable. Item 16. | Exhibits The following exhibits are filed as part of, or incorporated by reference into, this registration statement on Form S-3: Exhibit No. | Description
4.1 | Articles of Amendment and Restatement of Digital Realty Trust, Inc. (incorporated by reference to exhibit 3.1 to the Combined Annual Report on Form 10-K of Digital Realty Trust, Inc. and Digital Realty Trust, L.P. (File Nos. 001-32336 and 000-54023) filed on February 25, 2025).
4.2 | Ninth Amended and Restated Bylaws of Digital Realty Trust, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Combined Current Report on Form 8-K of Digital Realty Trust, Inc. and Digital Realty Trust, L.P. (File Nos. 001 32336 and 000 54023) filed on April 3, 2023). II-3 Exhibit No. | Description
4.3 | Certificate of Limited Partnership of Digital Realty Trust, L.P. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to Digital Realty Trust, L.P.’s General Form for Registration of Securities on Form 10 filed on June 25, 2010 (File No. 000-54023)).
4.4 | Nineteenth Amended and Restated Agreement of Limited Partnership of Digital Realty Trust, L.P. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Combined Current Report on Form 8-K of Digital Realty Trust, Inc. and Digital Realty Trust, L.P. (File Nos. 001-32336 and 000-54023) filed on October 10, 2019).
4.5 | Form of Common Stock Certificate (incorporated by reference to Digital Realty Trust, Inc.’s registration statement on Form S-11 (File No. 333-117865) declared effective by the commission on November 3, 2004).
5.1 | Opinion of Venable LLP
8.1 | Opinion of Latham & Watkins LLP with respect to tax matters
23.1 | Consent of Venable LLP (included in Exhibit 5.1)
23.2 | Consent of Latham & Watkins LLP (included in Exhibit 8.1)
23.3 | Consent of KPMG LLP, independent registered public accounting firm.
24.1 | Power of Attorney (included on Signature Page)
107 | Filing Fee Table Item 17. | Undertakings (a) The undersigned registrant hereby undertakes: (1) To file, during any period in which offers or sales are being made, a post-effective amendment to this registration
statement: (i) To include any prospectus required by Section 10(a)(3) of the Securities Act of 1933; (ii) To reflect in the prospectus any facts or events arising after the effective date of the registration statement (or the
most recent post-effective amendment thereof) which, individually or in the aggregate, represent a fundamental change in the information set forth in the registration statement. Notwithstanding the foregoing, any increase or decrease in volume of
securities offered (if the total dollar value of securities offered would not exceed that which was registered) and any deviation from the low or high end of the estimated maximum offering range may be reflected in the form of prospectus filed with
the Commission pursuant to Rule 424(b) if, in the aggregate, the changes in volume and price represent no more than 20 percent change in the maximum aggregate offering price set forth in the “Calculation of Registration Fee” table in
the effective registration statement; and (iii) To include any material information with respect to the plan of
distribution not previously disclosed in the registration statement or any material change to such information in the registration statement; provided , however , that paragraphs (a)(1)(i), (a)(1)(ii), and (a)(1)(iii) above do not apply if the information required to be
included in a post-effective amendment by those paragraphs is contained in reports filed with or furnished to the Commission by the registrant pursuant to section 13 or section 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 that are incorporated by
reference in the registration statement, or is contained in a form of prospectus filed pursuant to Rule 424(b) that is a part of the registration statement. (2) That, for the purpose of determining any liability under the Securities Act of 1933, each such post-effective amendment
shall be deemed to be a new registration statement relating to the securities offered therein, and the offering of such securities at that time shall be deemed to be the initial bona fide offering thereof. II-4 (3) To remove from registration by means of a post-effective amendment any
of the securities being registered which remain unsold at the termination of the offering. (5) That, for the purpose of
determining liability under the Securities Act of 1933 to any purchaser: (A) Each prospectus filed by the registrant
pursuant to Rule 424(b)(3) shall be deemed to be part of the registration statement as of the date the filed prospectus was deemed part of and included in the registration statement; and (B) Each prospectus required to be filed pursuant to Rule 424(b)(2), (b)(5), or (b)(7) as part of a registration statement in
reliance on Rule 430B relating to an offering made pursuant to Rule 415(a)(1)(i), (vii), or (x) for the purpose of providing the information required by section 10(a) of the Securities Act of 1933 shall be deemed to be part of and included in
the registration statement as of the earlier of the date such form of prospectus is first used after effectiveness or the date of the first contract of sale of securities in the offering described in the prospectus. As provided in Rule 430B, for
liability purposes of the issuer and any person that is at that date an underwriter, such date shall be deemed to be a new effective date of the registration statement relating to the securities in the registration statement to which that prospectus
relates, and the offering of such securities at that time shall be deemed to be the initial bona fide offering thereof. Provided , however , that no statement made in a registration statement or prospectus that is part of the
registration statement or made in a document incorporated or deemed incorporated by reference into the registration statement or prospectus that is part of the registration statement will, as to a purchaser with a time of contract of sale prior to
such effective date, supersede or modify any statement that was made in the registration statement or prospectus that was part of the registration statement or made in any such document immediately prior to such effective date. (6) That, for the purpose of determining liability of the registrant under the Securities Act of 1933 to any purchaser in the
initial distribution of the securities: The undersigned registrant undertakes that in a primary offering of securities of
the undersigned registrant pursuant to this registration statement, regardless of the underwriting method used to sell the securities to the purchaser, if the securities are offered or sold to such purchaser by means of any of the following
communications, the undersigned registrant will be a seller to the purchaser and will be considered to offer or sell such securities to such purchaser: (i) Any preliminary prospectus or prospectus of the undersigned registrant relating to the offering required to be filed
pursuant to Rule 424; (ii) Any free writing prospectus relating to the offering prepared by or on behalf of the
undersigned registrant or used or referred to by the undersigned registrant; (iii) The portion of any other free writing
prospectus relating to the offering containing material information about the undersigned registrant or its securities provided by or on behalf of the undersigned registrant; and (iv) Any other communications that is an offer in the offering made by the undersigned registrant to the purchaser. (b) The undersigned registrant hereby undertakes that, for purposes of determining any liability under the Securities Act of 1933, each filing
of the registrant’s annual report pursuant to Section 13(a) or Section 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (and, where applicable, each filing of an employee benefit plan’s annual report pursuant to section 15(d) of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934) that is incorporated by reference in the registration statement shall be deemed to be a new registration statement relating to the securities offered therein, and the offering of such securities at that time shall be
deemed to be the initial bona fide offering thereof. (h) Insofar as indemnification for liabilities arising under the Securities
Act of 1933 may be permitted to directors, officers and controlling persons of the registrant pursuant to the foregoing provisions, or otherwise, the II-5 registrant has been advised that in the opinion of the Securities and Exchange Commission such indemnification is against public policy as expressed in the Securities Act and is, therefore,
unenforceable. In the event that a claim for indemnification against such liabilities (other than the payment by the registrant of expenses incurred or paid by a director, officer or controlling person of the registrant in the successful defense of
any action, suit or proceeding) is asserted by such director, officer or controlling person in connection with the securities being registered, the registrant will, unless in the opinion of its counsel the matter has been settled by controlling
precedent, submit to a court of appropriate jurisdiction the question whether such indemnification by it is against public policy as expressed in the Securities Act and will be governed by the final adjudication of such issue. II-6 SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, the registrants certify that they have reasonable grounds to believe that they meet all of the
requirements for filing on Form S-3 and have duly caused this registration statement to be signed on their behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized, in the City of Dallas State of Texas, on
April 7, 2025. DIGITAL REALTY TRUST, INC.
By: | /s/ ANDREW P. POWER
Andrew P. Power
Chief Executive Officer
DIGITAL REALTY TRUST, L.P.
By: DIGITAL REALTY TRUST, INC.
Its general partner
By: | /s/ ANDREW P. POWER
Andrew P. Power
Chief Executive Officer POWER OF ATTORNEY KNOW ALL PERSONS BY THESE PRESENTS, that each person whose signature appears below constitutes and appoints Andrew P. Power, Matthew Mercier and Jeannie Lee,
and each of them, with full power to act without the other, such person’s true and lawful attorneys-in-fact and agents, with full power of substitution and
resubstitution, for him or her and in his or her name, place and stead, in any and all capacities, to sign this registration statement and any and all amendments thereto (including post-effective amendments) and any related registration statement
filed pursuant to Rule 462(b) under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and to file the same, with exhibits and schedules thereto, and other documents in connection therewith, with the Securities and Exchange Commission, granting unto said attorneys-in-fact and agents, and each of them, full power and authority to do and perform each and every act and thing necessary or desirable to be done in and about the
premises, as fully to all intents and purposes as he or she might or could do in person, hereby ratifying and confirming all that said attorneys-in-fact and agents, or
any of them, or their or his or her substitute or substitutes, may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. Pursuant to the requirements of the
Securities Act of 1933, this registration statement has been signed by the following persons in the capacities and on the dates indicated. Signature | Title | Date
/s/ MARY HOGAN PREUSSE Mary Hogan Preusse | Chair of the Board | April 7, 2025
/s/ ANDREW P. POWER Andrew P. Power | Chief Executive Officer, President and Director (Principal Executive Officer) | April 7, 2025
/s/ MATTHEW MERCIER Matthew Mercier | Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) | April 7, 2025
/s/ CHRISTINE B. KORNEGAY Christine B. Kornegay | Chief Accounting Officer (Principal Accounting Officer) | April 7, 2025
/s/ VERALINN JAMIESON VeraLinn Jamieson | Director | April 7, 2025
/s/ KEVIN J. KENNEDY Kevin J. Kennedy | Director | April 7, 2025
/s/ WILLIAM G. LAPERCH William G. LaPerch | Director | April 7, 2025
/s/ JEAN F.H.P. MANDEVILLE Jean F.H.P. Mandeville | Director | April 7, 2025
/s/ AFSHIN MOHEBBI Afshin Mohebbi | Director | April 7, 2025
/s/ MARK R. PATTERSON Mark R. Patterson | Director | April 7, 2025
/s/ SUSAN SWANEZY Susan Swanezy | Director | April 7, 2025