8-K 1 d753923d8k.htm 8-K 8-K UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 FORM 8-K CURRENT
REPORT Pursuant to Section 13 OR 15(d) of The Securities Exchange Act of 1934 Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported): June 10, 2019 DIGITAL REALTY TRUST, INC. DIGITAL REALTY TRUST, L.P. (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) Maryland | 001-32336 | 26-0081711
Maryland | 000-54023 | 20-2402955
(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation) | (Commission File Number) | (IRS Employer Identification No.)
Four Embarcadero Center, Suite 3200 San Francisco, California | 94111
(Address of principal executive offices) | (Zip Code) (415) 738-6500 (Registrant’s telephone number, including area code) Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of
the registrant under any of the following provisions: ☐ | Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425) ☐ | Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12) ☐ | Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b)) ☐ | Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c)) Title of each class | Trading symbol(s) | Name of each exchange on which registered
Common Stock | DLR | New York Stock Exchange
Series C Cumulative Redeemable Perpetual Preferred Stock | DLR Pr C | New York Stock Exchange
Series G Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock | DLR Pr G | New York Stock Exchange
Series I Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock | DLR Pr I | New York Stock Exchange
Series J Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock | DLR Pr J | New York Stock Exchange
Series K Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock | DLR Pr K | New York Stock Exchange Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of
1933 (§ 230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (§ 240.12b-2 of this chapter). Digital Realty Trust, Inc.: | Emerging growth company ☐
Digital Realty Trust, L.P.: | Emerging growth company ☐ If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period
for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. Digital Realty Trust,
Inc.: ☐ Digital Realty Trust, L.P.: ☐ Introductory Note Unless otherwise indicated or unless
the context requires otherwise, all references in this report to “we,” “us,” “our,” “our company,” “the company” or “Digital Realty” refer to Digital Realty Trust, Inc., together with its
consolidated subsidiaries, including Digital Realty Trust, L.P., our “operating partnership.” Item 7.01. Regulation FD Disclosure. On June 10, 2019, Digital Realty issued a press release announcing that its operating partnership has commenced a cash tender offer (the
“Tender Offer”) for (i) any and all of its 3.400% Notes due 2020 (the “2020 Notes”) and (ii) any and all of its 5.250% Notes due 2021 (the “2021 Notes,” and, together with the 2020 Notes, the
“Notes”). The complete terms and conditions of the Tender Offer are set forth in an offer to purchase and notice of guaranteed delivery (collectively, the “Tender Offer Documents”) that will be sent to registered holders of the
Notes and be posted online at www.gbsc-usa.com/DigitalRealty. The Tender Offer will expire at 5:00 p.m., New York City time, on June 14, 2019, unless extended or earlier terminated (the “Expiration
Time”). The applicable consideration for each $1,000 principal amount of Notes validly tendered and accepted for purchase pursuant to the Tender
Offer will be determined in the manner described in the Tender Offer Documents by reference to the applicable fixed spread for such Notes plus the yield based on the bid-side price of the applicable U.S.
Treasury Reference Security at 2:00 p.m., New York City time, on June 14, 2019, unless extended. Holders will also receive accrued and unpaid
interest on the Notes validly tendered and accepted for purchase from the applicable last interest payment date up to, but not including, the date the operating partnership initially makes payment for such Notes, which date is anticipated to be
June 17, 2019 (the “Settlement Date”). Notes tendered by notice of guaranteed delivery and accepted for purchase will be purchased on the third business day after the Expiration Time, but payment of accrued interest on such Notes will
only be made to, but not including, the Settlement Date. A copy of the press release is furnished as Exhibit 99.1 to this Current Report on Form 8-K. The information included in this Current Report on Form 8-K under this
Item 7.01 (including Exhibit 99.1) shall not be deemed “filed” for the purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “Exchange Act”), or otherwise subject to the liabilities of that section,
nor shall it be deemed incorporated by reference into any filing made by the company or the operating partnership under the Exchange Act or the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”), except as shall be expressly set
forth by specific reference in such a filing. Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements This Current Report on Form 8-K contains certain “forward-looking” statements as that term is defined by
Section 27A of the Securities Act and Section 21E of the Exchange Act. Statements that are predictive in nature, that depend on or relate to future events or conditions, or that include words such as “believes”,
“anticipates”, “expects”, “may”, “will”, “would,” “should”, “estimates”, “could”, “intends”, “plans” or other similar expressions are forward-looking
statements. Forward-looking statements involve significant known and unknown risks and uncertainties that may cause the company’s actual results in future periods to differ materially from those projected or contemplated in the forward-looking
statements as a result of, but not limited to, the following factors: timing and consummation of the purchase of Notes; risks and uncertainties related to market conditions and satisfaction of customary closing conditions related to the purchase of
Notes; and the impact of legislative, regulatory and competitive changes and other risk factors relating to the industries in which we operate, as detailed from time to time in each of our reports filed with the SEC. There can be no assurance that
the proposed transactions will be consummated on the terms described herein or at all. The risks included here are not exhaustive, and additional factors could adversely affect our business and
financial performance. We discussed a number of additional material risks in our annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2018 and other filings with the Securities and Exchange
Commission. Those risks continue to be relevant to our performance and financial condition. Moreover, we operate in a very competitive and rapidly changing environment. New risk factors emerge from time to time and it is not possible for management
to predict all such risk factors, nor can it assess the impact of all such risk factors on the business or the extent to which any factor, or combination of factors, may cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in any
forward-looking statements. We expressly disclaim any responsibility to update forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. Item 9.01. Financial Statements and Exhibits. (d) Exhibits. Exhibit No. | Description
99.1 | Press Release of Digital Realty dated June 10, 2019 SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrants have duly caused this report to be signed on their behalf by the
undersigned hereunto duly authorized. Date: June 10, 2019 Digital Realty Trust, Inc.
By: | /s/ Joshua A. Mills
Joshua A. Mills
Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary
Digital Realty Trust, L.P.
By: | Digital Realty Trust, Inc.
Its general partner
By: | /s/ Joshua A. Mills
Joshua A. Mills
Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary