DEF 14A 1 def14a0921_quantumcomp.htm DEFINITIVE PROXY STATEMENT UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 ________________________________ SCHEDULE 14A ________________________________ Proxy Statement Pursuant to Section 14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 Filed by the Registrant | ☒
Filed by a Party other than the Registrant | ☐ Check the appropriate box: ☐ | Preliminary Proxy Statement
☐ | Confidential, For Use of the Commission Only (as Permitted by Rule 14a -6 (e)(2))
☒ | Definitive Proxy Statement
☐ | Definitive Additional Materials
☐ | Soliciting Material Pursuant to §240.14a -12 QUANTUM COMPUTING INC. (Name of Registrant as Specified in its Charter) ____________________________________________________________ (Name of Person(s) Filing Proxy Statement, if other than the Registrant) Payment of Filing Fee (Check the appropriate box): ☒ | No fee required.
☐ | Fee computed on table below per Exchange Act Rules 14a -6 (i)(1) and 0 -11 .
(1) | Title of each class of securities to which transaction applies:
(2) | Aggregate number of securities to which transaction applies:
(3) | Per unit price or other underlying value of transaction computed pursuant to Exchange Act Rule 0 -11 (set forth the amount on which the filing fee is calculated and state how it was determined):
(4) | Proposed maximum aggregate value of transaction:
(5) | Total fee paid:
☐ | Fee paid previously with preliminary materials.
☐ | Check box if any part of the fee is offset as provided by Exchange Act Rule 0 -11 (a)(2) and identify the filing for which the offsetting fee was paid previously. Identify the previous filing by registration statement number, or the Form or Schedule and the date of its filing.
(1) | Amount previously paid:
(2) | Form, Schedule or Registration Statement No.:
(3) | Filing Party:
(4) | Date Filed: Table of Contents QUANTUM COMPUTING INC. September 28, 2021 Dear Fellow Quantum Computing Stockholders: We invite you to attend the 2021 Annual Meeting of Stockholders of Quantum Computing Inc. to be held at the Quantum Computing corporate offices located at 215 Depot Court SE, Suite 215, Leesburg, VA 20175 on November 12, 2021, at 10:00 a.m. local time. The Notice of the Annual Meeting and Proxy Statement accompanying this letter provide information concerning matters to be considered and acted upon at the meeting. Immediately following the meeting, a report on our operations will be presented, including a question -and-answer and discussion period. Our 2020 results are presented in detail in our Annual Report. Your vote is very important. We encourage you to read all of the important information in the Proxy Statement and vote your shares as soon as possible. Whether or not you plan to attend, you can be sure your shares are represented at the Annual Meeting by promptly submitting your vote by the Internet, by telephone or, if you request a paper copy of the proxy materials and receive a proxy card, by mail. On behalf of the Board of Directors, thank you for your continued confidence and investment in Quantum Computing. Sincerely,
/s/ Robert Liscouski
Robert Liscouski
Chairman of the Board of Directors Table of Contents QUANTUM COMPUTING INC. 215 Depot Court SE, Suite 215 Leesburg, VA 20175 Telephone: (703) 436-2161 NOTICE OF ANNUAL MEETING OF STOCKHOLDERS to be held on Friday , November 12 , 2021 To the Stockholders of Quantum Computing Inc.: The 2021 Annual Meeting of the Stockholders (the “Annual Meeting”) of Quantum Computing Inc. a Delaware corporation (together with its subsidiaries, “Company”, “Quantum Computing”, “we”, “us” or “our”), will be held on Friday, November 12, 2021, at 10:00 a.m. local time at the Company’s offices at 215 Depot Court SE, Suite 215, Leesburg, VA 20175. The purpose of the meeting is to consider and act upon the following matters: 1. To elect five directors to serve until the next annual meeting of stockholders and until their respective successors shall have been duly elected and qualified (Proposal No. 1); 2. To approve an amendment to the Company’s 2019 Equity and Incentive Plan (the “2019 Plan”) to increase the maximum number of shares of the Company’s common stock available for issuance under the 2019 Plan from 1,500,000 shares to 3,000,000 shares (Proposal No. 2); 3. To approve, on a non -binding advisory basis, the compensation of the Company’s named executive officers as disclosed in the accompanying Proxy Statement (Proposal No. 3); 4. To recommend, on a non -binding advisory basis, the frequency of future advisory votes on the compensation of the Company’s named executive officers (Proposal No. 4); 5. To ratify the selection of BF Borgers CPA PC as the Company’s independent registered public accounting firm for the fiscal year ending December 31, 2021 (Proposal No. 5); and 6. To transact such other business as may properly come before the Annual Meeting or any adjournment or postponement thereof. The foregoing items of business are more fully described in the Proxy Statement that is attached and made a part of this Notice. Only stockholders of record of the Company’s common stock, par value $0.0001 per share (the “Common Stock”), at the close of business on September 20, 2021 (the “Record Date”) will be entitled to notice of, and to vote at, the Annual Meeting or any adjournment thereof. All stockholders are cordially invited to attend the Annual Meeting. We are providing proxy material access to our stockholders via the Internet at www.proxyvote.com . Please give the proxy materials your careful attention. BY ORDER OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS /s/ Robert Liscouski
Robert Liscouski
Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board of Directors Leesburg, VA
September 28, 2021 Table of Contents IMPORTANT NOTICE REGARDING THE AVAILABILITY OF PROXY MATERIALS FOR THE ANNUAL MEETING OF SHAREHOLDERS TO BE HELD ON NOVEMBER 12 , 2021 The Notice and Proxy Statement and Annual Report on Form 10 -K are available at www.proxyvote.com . Your vote is important. We encourage you to review all of the important information contained in the proxy materials before voting. Table of Contents TABLE OF CONTENTS Page
GENERAL INFORMATION ABOUT THE PROXY STATEMENT AND ANNUAL MEETING | 1
Revocability of Proxies | 1
Soliciting Proxies | 1
Voting Securities | 1
Voting of Proxies | 2
Voting Procedures and Votes Required | 2
Uninstructed Shares | 2
Votes Required to Approve a Proposal | 3
Tabulation and Reporting of Voting Results | 3
Proxy Materials Are Available on the Internet | 4
QUESTIONS AND ANSWERS ABOUT THESE PROXY MATERIALS AND VOTING | 5
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE | 9
Board of Directors | 9
Board Committees | 11
Code of Ethics | 11
Delinquent Section 16(a) Reports | 11
EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION | 15
Summary Compensation Table | 15
Agreements with Named Executive Officers | 15
Outstanding Equity Awards at Year End | 16
Director Compensation | 16
SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT | 17
Transactions with Related Persons | 19
AUDIT-RELATED MATTERS | 20
Audit Committee Report | 20
Audit Fees and Services | 21
Pre-Approval Policies and Procedures | 21
MATTERS TO BE VOTED ON | 22
Proposal 1: Election of Directors | 22
Proposal 2: Approve an Amendment to the 2019 Plan | 23
Proposal 3: Non-Binding Advisory Vote to Approve the Compensation of the Company’s Named Executive Officers | 29
Proposal 4: Non-Binding Advisory on the Frequency of Future Advisory Votes to Approve the Compensation of the Company’s Named Executive Officers | 30
Proposal 5: Ratification of BF Borgers as the Company’s Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm for the Fiscal Year Ending December 31, 2021 | 31
OTHER MATTERS | 32
Householding of Annual Meeting Materials | 32 i Table of Contents QUANTUM COMPUTING INC. 215 Depot Court SE, Suite 215 Leesburg, VA 20175 Telephone: (703) 436-2161 PROXY STATEMENT ANNUAL MEETING OF STOCKHOLDERS TO BE HELD ON NOVEMBER 12 , 2021 GENERAL INFORMATION ABOUT THE PROXY STATEMENT AND ANNUAL MEETING General The enclosed proxy statement is furnished in connection with the solicitation of proxies by the Board of Directors (the “Board”) of Quantum Computing Inc. (the “Company,” “we” or “us”), for use at the 2021 Annual Meeting of the Company’s shareholders (the “Annual Meeting”) to be held at 215 Depot Court SE, Suite 215, Leesburg, VA 20175, on November 12, 2021, at 10:00 a.m. local time, and at any adjournment or postponement thereof, for the purposes set forth in the accompanying Notice of Annual Meeting of Stockholders. Accompanying this Proxy Statement is a proxy/voting instruction form (the “Proxy”) for the Annual Meeting, which you may use to indicate your vote as to the proposals contained in this Proxy Statement. Whether or not you expect to attend the meeting in person, please vote your shares as promptly as possible to ensure that your vote is counted. It is contemplated that this Proxy Statement and the accompanying form of Proxy will first be mailed to the Company’s shareholders on or about October 1, 2021. Revocability of Proxies All Proxies which are properly completed, signed and returned prior to the Annual Meeting, and which have not been revoked, will be voted in favor of the proposals described in this Proxy Statement unless otherwise directed. A shareholder may revoke his or her Proxy at any time before it is voted either by filing with the Chief Executive Officer of the Company, at its principal executive offices located at 215 Depot Court SE, Suite 215, Leesburg, VA 20175, a written notice of revocation or a duly -executed Proxy bearing a later date or by attending the Annual Meeting and voting in person. Solicitation of Proxies The Company will solicit stockholders by mail through its regular employees and will request banks and brokers and other custodians, nominees and fiduciaries, to solicit their customers who have stock of the Company registered in the names of such persons and will reimburse them for reasonable, out -of-pocket costs. In addition, the Company may use the service of its officers and directors to solicit proxies, personally or by telephone, without additional compensation. Record Date Shareholders of record at the close of business on September 20, 2021 (the “Record Date”), will be entitled to receive notice of, attend and vote at the meeting. Voting Securities As of September 20, 2021, there were 29,156,815 shares of Common Stock issued and outstanding, which constitutes all of the outstanding capital stock of the Company entitled to vote. Shareholders are entitled to one vote for each share of Common Stock held by them. The presence in person or by proxy of the holders of a majority in interest of all stock issued and outstanding is necessary to constitute a quorum at this meeting. In the absence of a quorum at the meeting, the meeting may be postponed or adjourned from time to time without notice, other than announcement at the meeting, until a quorum is formed. The enclosed Proxy reflects the number of shares that you are entitled to vote. For purposes of the quorum and the discussion below regarding the vote necessary to take shareholder action, shareholders of record who are present at the Annual Meeting in person or by proxy and who abstain, including broker non -votes (as described below), and brokers holding customers’ shares of record who cause abstentions to be recorded at the meeting, are considered shareholders who are present for purposes of determining the presence of a quorum. 1 Table of Contents Why am I being provided with these proxy materials? We have delivered printed versions of these proxy materials to you by mail in connection with the solicitation by our Board of proxies for the matters to be voted on at our Annual Meeting and at any adjournment or postponement thereof. What do I do if my shares are held in “street name”? If your shares are held in a brokerage account or by a bank or other holder of record, you are considered the “beneficial owner” of shares held in “street name.” As the beneficial owner, you have the right to direct your broker, bank or other holder of record on how to vote your shares by following their instructions for voting. Please refer to information from your bank, broker or other nominee on how to submit your voting instructions. What if other matters come up at the Annual Meeting? At the date this Proxy Statement went to press, we did not know of any matters to be properly presented at the Annual Meeting other than those referred to in this Proxy Statement. If other matters are properly presented at the meeting or any adjournment or postponement thereof for consideration, and you are a stockholder of record and have submitted a proxy card, the persons named in your proxy card will have the discretion to vote on those matters for you. Voting of Proxies All valid proxies received prior to the Annual Meeting will be voted. The Board of Directors recommends that you vote by proxy even if you plan to attend the Annual Meeting. You can vote your shares by proxy via Internet or mail. To vote via Internet, go to www.proxyvote.com and follow the instructions. To vote by mail, fill out the enclosed Proxy, sign and date it, and return it in the enclosed postage -paid envelope to Broadridge Financial Solutions, Inc. Voting by proxy will not limit your right to vote at the Annual Meeting if you attend the Annual Meeting and vote in person. However, if your shares are held in the name of a bank, broker or other holder of record, you must obtain a proxy executed in your favor, from the holder of record to be able to vote at the Annual Meeting. Voting Procedures and Vote Required Your vote is important no matter how many shares you own. Please take the time to vote. Take a moment to read the instructions below. Choose the way to vote that is easiest and most convenient for you, and cast your vote as soon as possible. If you are the “record holder” of your shares, meaning that you own your shares in your own name and not through a bank, broker or other nominee, you may vote in one of three ways: • You may vote over the Internet. You may vote your shares by following the “Vote by Internet” instructions on the accompanying proxy card. If you vote over the Internet, you do not need to vote by telephone or complete and mail your proxy card. • You may vote in Person. You may vote your shares in person if you attend the Annual Meeting. • You may vote by mail. If you requested a proxy card by mail, you may vote by completing, dating and signing the proxy card delivered and promptly mailing it in the postage -paid envelope provided. If you vote by mail, you do not need to vote over the Internet or by telephone. Uninstructed Shares All proxies that are executed or are otherwise submitted over the Internet or by telephone will be voted on the matters set forth in the accompanying Notice of Annual Meeting of Stockholders in accordance with the instructions set forth herein. However, if no choice is specified on a proxy as to one or more of the proposals, the proxy will be voted in accordance with the Board of Directors’ recommendations on such proposals as set forth in this proxy statement. 2 Table of Contents Votes Required to Approve a Proposal The holders of a majority in interest of all stock issued, outstanding and entitled to vote at a meeting, present in person or represented by proxy will constitute a quorum for the transaction of business at the Annual Meeting. Shares of common stock represented in person or by proxy (including shares which abstain or do not vote with respect to one or more of the matters presented for stockholder approval) will be counted for purposes of determining whether a quorum is present at the Annual Meeting. If a quorum is not present, the meeting may be adjourned until a quorum is obtained. The following votes are required for approval of the proposals being presented at the Annual Meeting: Proposal No. 1: Election of Directors. Votes may be cast: “FOR ALL” nominees, “WITHHOLD ALL” nominees or “FOR ALL EXCEPT” those nominees noted by you on the appropriate portion of your proxy or voting instruction card. At the Meeting, five directors are to be elected, which number shall constitute our entire Board, to hold office until the next annual meeting of stockholders and until their successors shall have been duly elected and qualified. Pursuant to our bylaws, as amended, directors are to be elected by a majority of the votes of the shares present in person or represented by proxy at the Meeting and entitled to vote on the election of directors. This means that the five candidates receiving the highest number of affirmative votes at the Meeting will be elected as directors. Proxies cannot be voted for a greater number of persons than the number of nominees named or for persons other than the named nominees. Withholding a vote from a director nominee will not be voted with respect to the director nominee indicated and will have no impact on the election of directors although it will be counted for the purposes of determining whether there is a quorum. Broker non -votes will have no effect on the outcome of this proposal. Proposal No. 2: To Approve an Amendment to the 2019 Plan. Votes may be cast: “FOR,” “AGAINST” or “ABSTAIN.” The affirmative vote of the holders of shares of common stock representing a majority of the shares of Common Stock cast at the meeting in person or by proxy is required for the approval of the proposed amendment to the 2019 Plan to increase the number of shares of the Company’s common stock available for issuance under the 2019 Plan from 1,500,000 shares to 3,000,000 shares. Abstentions and broker non -votes will have no effect on the outcome of this proposal. Proposal No. 3: To Approve the Compensation of the Company’s Named Executive Officers. Votes may be cast: “FOR,” “AGAINST” or “ABSTAIN.” The affirmative vote of the holders of shares of common stock representing a majority of the shares of Common Stock cast at the meeting in person or by proxy is required for the approval, on a non -binding advisory basis, of the compensation of the Company’s named executive officers as disclosed in the accompanying proxy statement. Abstentions and broker non -votes will have no effect on the outcome of this proposal. Proposal No. 4: To Recommend the Frequency of Future Advisory Votes on Compensation. Votes may be cast: “1 YEAR,” “2 YEARS,” “3 YEARS” or “ABSTAIN.” The selection of the three options presented receiving the highest number of votes for such option will be the option recommended by stockholders, on a non -binding advisory basis, for the frequency of future advisory votes on the compensation of the Company’s named executive officers. Abstentions and broker non -votes will have no effect on the outcome of this proposal. Proposal No. 5: To Ratify the Selection of BF Borgers CPA PC as the Company’s independent registered public accounting firm for the fiscal year ending December 31, 2021. Votes may be cast: “for,” “against” or “abstain.” the affirmative vote of the holders of shares of common stock representing a majority of the shares of Common Stock cast at the meeting in person or by proxy is required for the ratification of the selection of BF Borgers CPA PC as our independent registered public accounting firm for the current fiscal year. Abstentions will have no effect on the outcome of this proposal. There will be no broker non -votes with respect to this proposal. Tabulation and Reporting of Voting Results Preliminary voting results will be announced at the Annual Meeting. Final voting results will be tallied by the inspector of election after the taking of the vote at the Annual Meeting. The Company will publish the final voting results in a Current Report on Form 8 -K filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”) within four business days following the Annual Meeting. This proxy statement, the accompanying proxy card and our 2020 annual report to stockholders were first made available to stockholders on or about October 1, 2021. 3 Table of Contents A copy of our Annual Report on Form 10 -K for the year ended December 31, 2020 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, or SEC, except for exhibits, will be furnished without charge to any stockholder upon written or oral request to Quantum Computing Inc., 215 Depot Court SE, Suite 215, Leesburg, VA 20175. Proxy Materials Are Available on the Internet The Company uses the Internet as the primary means of furnishing proxy materials to stockholders. We send a Notice of Internet Availability of Proxy Materials (the “Notice of Internet Availability” to our stockholders with instructions on how to access the proxy materials online at www.proxyvote.com or request a printed copy of materials. Stockholders may follow the instructions in the Notice of Internet Availability to elect to receive future proxy materials in print by mail or electronically by email. We encourage stockholders to take advantage of the availability of the proxy materials online to reduce environmental impact and mailing costs. 4 Table of Contents QUESTIONS AND ANSWERS ABOUT THESE PROXY MATERIALS AND VOTING Why am I receiving these materials? We have sent you these proxy materials because the Board is soliciting your proxy to vote at the Annual Meeting of Shareholders. According to our records, you were a shareholder of the Company as of the end of business on September 20, 2021. You are invited to attend the Annual Meeting to vote on the proposals described in this Proxy Statement. However, you do not need to attend the meeting to vote your shares. Instead, you may simply complete, sign and return the enclosed proxy card. The Company intends to mail these proxy materials on or about October 1, 2021 to all shareholders of record on the Record Date entitled to vote at the Annual Meeting. What is included in these materials? These materials include this proxy statement for the Annual Meeting and the proxy card. What is the proxy card? The proxy card enables you to appoint Robert Liscouski, our Chief Executive Officer, as your representative at the Annual Meeting. By completing and returning a proxy card, you are authorizing Mr. Liscouski to vote your shares at the Annual Meeting in accordance with your instructions on the proxy card. This way, your shares will be voted whether or not you attend the Annual Meeting. When and where is the Annual Meeting being held? The Annual Meeting will be held on November 12, 2021, commencing at 10:00 a.m., local time, at 215 Depot Court SE, Suite 215, Leesburg, VA 20175. Can I view these proxy materials over the Internet? Yes. The Notice of Meeting, this Proxy Statement and accompanying proxy card are available at www.proxyvote.com . Who can vote at the Annual Meeting? Only shareholders of record at the close of business on September 20, 2021 will be entitled to vote at the Annual Meeting. On this Record Date, there were 29,156,815 shares of Common Stock outstanding and entitled to vote. The Annual Meeting will begin promptly at 10:00 a.m., local time. Check -in will begin one -half hour prior to the meeting. Please allow ample time for the check -in procedures. Shareholder of Record: Shares Registered in Your Name If on September 20, 2021 your shares were registered directly in your name with Quantum Computing’s transfer agent, Worldwide Stock Transfer, LLC, then you are a shareholder of record. As a shareholder of record, you may vote in person at the meeting or vote by proxy. Whether or not you plan to attend the meeting, we urge you to fill out and return the enclosed proxy. Beneficial Owner: Shares Registered in the Name of a Broker or Bank If on September 20, 2021 your shares were held in an account at a brokerage firm, bank, dealer, or other similar organization, rather than in your name, then you are the beneficial owner of shares held in “street name” and these proxy materials are being forwarded to you by that organization. The organization holding your account is considered to be the shareholder of record for purposes of voting at the Annual Meeting. As a beneficial owner, you have the right to direct your broker or other agent regarding how to vote the shares in your account. You are also invited to attend the Annual Meeting. However, since you are not the shareholder of record, you may not vote your shares in person at the meeting unless you request and obtain a valid proxy from your broker or other agent. 5 Table of Contents What am I voting on? The following matters are scheduled for a vote: 1. To elect five directors to serve until the next annual meeting of stockholders and until their respective successors shall have been duly elected and qualified (Proposal No. 1); 2. To approve an amendment to the Company’s 2019 Equity and Incentive Plan (the “2019 Plan”) to increase the maximum number of shares of the Company’s common stock available for issuance under the 2019 Plan from 1,500,000 shares to 3,000,000 shares (Proposal No. 2); 3. To approve, on a non -binding advisory basis, the compensation of the Company’s named executive officers as disclosed in the accompanying Proxy Statement (Proposal No. 3); 4. To recommend, on a non -binding advisory basis, the frequency of future advisory votes on the compensation of the Company’s named executive officers (Proposal No. 4); 5. To ratify the selection of BF Borgers CPA PC as the Company’s independent registered public accounting firm for the fiscal year ending December 31, 2021 (Proposal No. 5); and 6. To transact such other business as may properly come before the Annual Meeting or any adjournment or postponement thereof. The Board is not currently aware of any other business that will be brought before the Annual Meeting. How do I vote? You may vote “ For ” or “ Against ” or abstain from voting. The procedures for voting are fairly simple: Shareholder of Record: Shares Registered in Your Name If you are a shareholder of record as of the Record Date, you may vote in person at the Annual Meeting or vote by proxy using the enclosed proxy card. Whether or not you plan to attend the meeting, we urge you to vote by proxy to ensure your vote is counted. You may still attend the meeting and vote in person even if you have already voted by proxy. • To vote in person, come to the Annual Meeting and we will give you a ballot when you arrive. You should be prepared to present photo identification for admittance. A list of shareholders eligible to vote at the Annual Meeting will be available for inspection at the Annual Meeting and for a period of ten days prior to the Annual Meeting during regular business hours at our principal executive offices, which are located at 215 Depot Court SE, Suite 215, Leesburg, VA 20175. • To vote using the proxy card, simply complete, sign and date the enclosed proxy card and return it promptly in the envelope provided. If you return your completed and signed proxy card to us before the Annual Meeting, we will vote your shares as you direct. Beneficial Owner: Shares Registered in the Name of Broker or Bank If you are a beneficial owner of shares registered in the name of your broker, bank, or other agent, you should have received voting instructions with these proxy materials from that organization rather than from us. Simply complete and mail your voting instructions as directed by your broker or bank to ensure that your vote is counted. Alternatively, you may be able to vote by telephone or over the Internet by following instructions provided by your broker or bank. To vote in person at the Annual Meeting, you must obtain a valid proxy from your broker, bank, or other agent. Follow the instructions from your broker or bank included with these proxy materials, or contact your broker or bank to request a proxy form. How many votes do I have? On each matter to be voted upon, you have one vote for each share of Common Stock you own as of the Record Date. 6 Table of Contents What is a quorum for purposes of conducting the Annual Meeting? The presence, in person or by proxy, of the holders of a majority in interest of all stock issued and outstanding, or 14,578,408 shares, entitled to vote at the meeting is necessary to constitute a quorum to transact business. If a quorum is not present or represented at the Annual Meeting, the shareholders entitled to vote thereat, present in person or by proxy, may adjourn the Annual Meeting from time to time without notice or other announcement until a quorum is present or represented. What if I return a proxy card but do not make specific choices? If you return a signed and dated proxy card without marking any voting selections, your shares will be voted “ FOR” the election of the directors (Proposal No. 1), “ FOR” approval of the amendment to the 2019 Plan (Proposal No. 2), “ FOR” approval, on a non -binding advisory basis, of the compensation of the Company’s named executive officers (Proposal No. 3), to recommend that the frequency of future advisory votes on the compensation of the Company’s named executive officers will be “ ONE YEAR ”, “ FOR ” ratification of the appointment of BF Borgers CPA PC as the Company’s independent registered public accounting firm for the fiscal year ending December 31, 2021 (Proposal No. 5), and “ FOR ” approval of any adjournment of the Annual Meeting, if necessary or appropriate, to transact such other business as may properly come before the meeting and all adjournments and postponements thereof; and if any other matter is properly presented at the meeting, your proxy holder (one of the individuals named on your proxy card) will vote your shares using his best judgment. How does the Board recommend that I vote? Our Board recommends that you vote your shares “ FOR” the election of the directors (Proposal No. 1), “ FOR” approval of the amendment to the 2019 Plan (Proposal No. 2), “ FOR” approval, on a non -binding advisory basis, of the compensation of the Company’s named executive officers (Proposal No. 3), to recommend that the frequency of future advisory votes on the compensation of the Company’s named executive officers will be “ ONE YEAR ”, “ FOR ” ratification of the appointment of BF Borgers CPA PC as the Company’s independent registered public accounting firm for the fiscal year ending December 31, 2021 (Proposal No. 5), and “ FOR ” approval of any adjournment of the Annual Meeting, if necessary or appropriate, to transact such other business as may properly come before the meeting and all adjournments and postponements thereof. Unless you provide other instructions on your proxy card, the persons named as proxy holders on the proxy card will vote in accordance with the recommendations of the Board as set forth in this Proxy Statement. Who is paying for this proxy solicitation? We will bear the cost of mailing and solicitation of proxies. Proxies may be solicited by mail or personally by our directors, officers or employees, none of whom will receive additional compensation for such solicitation. Those holding shares as of record for the benefit of others, or nominee holders, are being asked to distribute proxy soliciting materials to, and request voting instructions from, the beneficial owners of such shares. We will reimburse nominee holders for their reasonable out -of-pocket expenses. What does it mean if I receive more than one set of proxy materials? If you receive more than one set of proxy materials, your shares may be registered in more than one name or in different accounts. Please complete, sign and return each proxy card to ensure that all of your shares are voted. I share the same address with another Quantum Computing Inc. shareholder. Why has our household only received one set of proxy materials? The SEC’s rules permit us to deliver a single set of proxy materials to one address shared by two or more of our shareholders. This practice, known as “householding,” is intended to reduce the Company’s printing and postage costs. We have delivered only one set of proxy materials to shareholders who hold their shares through a bank, broker or other holder of record and share a single address, unless we received contrary instructions from any shareholder at that address. However, any such street name holder residing at the same address who wishes to receive a separate copy of the proxy materials may make such a request by contacting the bank, broker or other holder of record, or Broadridge Financial Solutions, Inc. at 866 -540-7095 or in writing at Broadridge, Householding Department, 51 Mercedes Way, 7 Table of Contents Edgewood, NY 11717. Street name holders residing at the same address who would like to request householding of Company materials may do so by contacting the bank, broker or other holder of record or Broadridge at the phone number or address listed above. Can I change my vote after submitting my proxy? Yes. You can revoke your proxy at any time before the final vote at the meeting. If you are the record holder of your shares, you may revoke your proxy in any one of three ways: • You may submit another properly completed proxy card with a later date; • You may send a timely written notice that you are revoking your proxy to the Company at 215 Depot Court SE, Suite 215, Leesburg, VA 20175, Attn: Chief Executive Officer; or • You may attend the Annual Meeting and vote in person. Simply attending the meeting will not, by itself, revoke your proxy. If your shares are held by your broker or bank as a nominee or agent, you should follow the instructions provided by your broker or bank. How are votes counted? Votes will be counted by the inspector of elections appointed for the meeting, who will separately count “ For ,” “ Abs tain ” and “ Against ” votes, and broker non -votes . Abstentions will not be counted as votes for any matter. Is my vote kept confidential? Proxy instructions, ballots and voting tabulations that identify individual shareholders are handled in a manner that protects your voting privacy. Your vote will not be disclosed either within the Company or to third parties, except: • as necessary to meet applicable legal requirements; • to allow for the tabulation and certification of votes; and • to facilitate a successful proxy solicitation. Occasionally, shareholders provide written comments on their proxy cards, which may be forwarded to the Company’s management and the Board. How can I find out the results of the voting at the Annual Meeting? Preliminary voting results will be announced at the Annual Meeting. Final voting results will be disclosed in a Current Report on Form 8 -K filed after the Annual Meeting. 8 Table of Contents CORPORATE GOVERNANCE Board of Directors Set forth below are the names of and certain biographical information about each member of our Board of Directors. The information presented includes each director’s principal occupation and business experience for the past five years and the names of other public companies of which he or she has served as a director during the past five years. The Board of Directors, upon the recommendation of our Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee, has nominated: Robert Liscouski, Christopher Roberts, Bertrand Velge, William J. McGann, and Robert Fagenson for election as directors, each to hold office until their successors are elected and qualified or until their earlier resignation or removal. Name | Current Age | Position
Robert Liscouski | 67 | Chairman of the Board of Directors, President, and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer)
Christopher Roberts | 67 | Chief Financial Officer, (Principal Financial Officer) (Principal Accounting Officer), Director
Bertrand Velge | 62 | Director
William J. McGann* | 63 | Director
Robert Fagenson | 72 | Director ____________ * Mr. McGann was appointed to the Board on September 22, 2021 following the Board’s acceptance of Mr. Schreiber’s resignation on the same date. The following noteworthy experience, qualifications, attributes and skills for each Board member, led to our conclusion that the person should serve as a director in light of our business and structure: Robert Liscouski, President, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board Mr. Liscouski, age 67, is the Chairman and CEO of Quantum Computing. Mr. Liscouski is CEO and Founder of Convergent Risk Group LLC and a proven security professional, thought leader and successful entrepreneur with over 35 years of senior level security operational and company leadership experience in government and public and private companies. Mr. Liscouski is a recognized Security Industry leader in assessing, mitigating and managing physical and cyber security risk in private sector enterprises and state and federal government agencies. Mr. Liscouski has extensive experience in leading innovative start up and turn around companies as well as building programs for large government organizations and is recognized as a leader in identifying emerging security technologies. He serves as a “Trusted Advisor” to senior officials within government and private sector, providing guidance in areas such as physical and cyber security, crisis management, organizational development and strategic planning. Mr. Liscouski’s career has spanned local law enforcement, senior government and private sector positions from operations to senior leadership and Boards of Directors. He started his career as an undercover and homicide investigator, and Special Agent with the Diplomatic Security Service and progressed to senior federal government positions where he served as a senior advisor to the intelligence community and was appointed by President George W. Bush as the first Assistant Secretary for Infrastructure Protection at the Department of Homeland Security. He most recently was President of a public company that became a leader in the explosive trace detection industry culminating in the sale of the technology to L3 Communications. Mr. Liscouski is a frequent contributor to CNBC, CNN, Fox News, and other business and security media on Homeland Security and Terrorism issues. Christopher Roberts, Chief Financial Officer and Director Mr. Roberts, age 67, is the Company’s Chief Financial Officer. Mr. Roberts has a law degree from the University of Virginia Law School and a B.S, in Electrical Engineering and an M.B.A., both from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology. His M.B.A. was concentrated in Finance and Management of Technology. He started his career working for Raytheon Co. (a Fortune 500 company). Thereafter, he practiced law at two large NYC law firms. Since leaving the private practice of law, Mr. Roberts has worked primarily in financial management roles with a number of government contractors in the aerospace, defense and Information technology sectors. 9 Table of Contents Mr. Roberts has more than 37 years’ experience in public and private corporate finance and government contracting, including professional services, software products, and hardware manufacturing businesses. Mr. Roberts has served as the Chief Financial Officer of both public and private companies during the course of his career, including Secure Point Technologies, Systems Made Simple, Inc. (now a subsidiary of Leidos), Integral Systems Inc. (a publicly company traded on NASDAQ under the symbol “ISYS.” now a subsidiary of Kratos), and Pearson Analytic Solutions (now a subsidiary of General Dynamics). From 2012 to November 2016, he worked first as the CFO, and later as the President of Systems Made Simple, Inc., a wholly owned subsidiary of Leidos. Mr. Roberts is a co -author of Antitrust for Business, and has published articles on antitrust and patent law, space policy, information technology, and corporate finance. William J. McGann , Director Mr. McGann, age 63, was appointed to the Board on September 22, 2021. Mr. McGann is presently the Chief Technology Officer for the Security, Detection and Automation business at Leidos Corporation. Central to his role is the creation of innovative customer solutions driven by a strong portfolio of physics, chemistry, and software -based products. Mr. McGann has a strong, directed passion for transforming credible science into practical technology solutions in solving some of the world’s greatest challenges. Prior to joining Leidos, Mr. McGann held numerous business and technology leadership positions and roles including: (a) Founder of the first explosives trace detection company, Ion Track Instruments, (b) Chief Technology Officer for GE Security, (c) VP of Engineering for United Technologies Fire and Security business, (d) CEO and board member of Implant Sciences Corp., and (e) Chief Technology Officer at L3Harris Aviation Security and Detection business. Mr. McGann holds a Ph.D. in Chemical Physics from the University of Connecticut and undergraduate degrees in Chemistry and Biology. Bertrand Velge, Director Mr. Velge, age 62, is the Managing Director of Graftyset, Ltd., a privately held company based in the United Kingdom. Graftyset is a wholesale distributor of wine, beer and other alcoholic and non -alcoholic beverage, based in Sidcup, Kent (UK). Mr. Velge has served as Managing Director since the company was incorporated in 2003 under the name of Otterden Vintners, Ltd. Mr. Velge also served as Director for Aliunde Ltd. since 2005. Mr. Velge has over twenty years of experience in multi -disciplinary venture investing and was managing director and co -founder of a fund that trades equities in Europe, Asia and the US focusing on IPOs. He speaks English, Flemish and French, and is a graduate of the Universite Catholique de Louvain. Robert Fagenson, Director Mr. Fagenson serves as a member of the board of directors of National Holdings Corporation (“NHS”) since March 2012. He serves as vice chairman of the board of directors of NHS since September 2016. Mr. Fagenson previously served as co -chief executive officer of NHS from January 3, 2017 to January 31, 2017, as chief executive officer and chairman of the board of directors of NHS from December 2014 to September 2016, and as executive vice -chairman of the board of directors of NHS from July 2012 to December 2014. Mr. Fagenson has been a branch owner at NHS, an operating company of NHS, since 2012, and president of Fagenson & Co., Inc., a family investment company, since 1982. Mr. Fagenson spent the majority of his career at the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE), where he was managing partner of one of the exchange’s largest specialist firms. While at the NYSE, Mr. Fagenson served as a governor on the trading floor and was elected to the NYSE board of directors in 1993, where he served for six years, eventually becoming vice chairman of the NYSE board of directors from 1998 to 1999 and 2003 to 2004. Mr. Fagenson has served as director of the New York City Police Museum since 2005, and as director of the Federal Law Enforcement Officers Association Foundation since 2009. He has also served on the board of directors of Sigma Alpha Mu Foundation since 2011 and on the board of directors of New York Edge since 2015. In addition, Mr. Fagenson served as the non -executive chairman of Document Security Systems, Inc. from 2012 to 2018 (NYSEMKT: DSS). He is currently a member of the alumni boards of the Whitman School of Business at Syracuse University. Mr. Fagenson received his B.S. in Transportation Sciences & Finance from Syracuse University in 1970. The Board believes that Mr. Fagenson’s experience in the securities industry and knowledge of the Company as its former chief executive officer qualifies him to serve as a member of the board. 10 Table of Contents Family Relationships There are no family relationships between any of our directors or executive officers. Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act requires the Company’s executive officers and directors, and persons who own more than 10% of the Company’s common stock, to file reports of ownership and changes in ownership on Forms 3, 4 and 5 with the SEC. Based solely on the Company’s review of the copies of such Forms and written representations from certain reporting persons, the Company believes that all filings required to be made by the Company’s Section 16(a) reporting persons during the Company’s fiscal year ended December 31, 2020 were made on a timely basis. Code of Ethics The Company currently maintains a Code of Ethics which applies to all directors, officers, and employees. A copy of our Code of Ethics can be found on our website at www.quantumcomputinginc.com . Board Composition and Director Independence Our board of directors consists of five members. The directors will serve until our next annual meeting and until their successors are duly elected and qualified. The Company defines “independent” as that term is defined in Rule 5605(a)(2) of the NASDAQ listing standards. In making the determination of whether a member of the board is independent, our board considers, among other things, transactions and relationships between each director and his immediate family and the Company, including those reported under the caption “ Certain Relationships and Related -Party Transactions ”. The purpose of this review is to determine whether any such relationships or transactions are material and, therefore, inconsistent with a determination that the directors are independent. On the basis of such review and its understanding of such relationships and transactions, our board affirmatively determined that Bertrand Velge, William J. McGann and Robert Fagenson are qualified as independent and that they have no material relationship with us that might interfere with his or her exercise of independent judgment. Board Committees; Audit Committee Financial Expert; Stockholder Nominations Our board of directors has established an audit committee, a compensation committee and a nominating and corporate governance committee. Each committee has its own charter, which is available on our website at www.quantumcomputinginc.com. Each of the board committees has the composition and responsibilities described below. Members will serve on these committees until their resignation or until otherwise determined by our Board of Directors. Bertrand Velge, William J. McGann and Robert Fagenson are our independent directors. The members of each committee are, as follows: Audit Committee: Bertrand Velge, William J. McGann and Robert Fagenson with Mr. Fagenson serving as the Chairman. Our Board has determined the Mr. Fagenson is currently qualified as an “audit committee financial expert”, as such term is defined in Item 407(d)(5) of Regulation S -K . Compensation Committee: Bertrand Velge, William J. McGann and Robert Fagenson. Mr. McGann serves as Compensation Committee Chairman. Nominating and Governance Committee: Bertrand Velge, William J. McGann and Robert Fagenson. Mr. Velge serves as Chairman of the Nominating and Governance Committee. 11 Table of Contents Audit Committee The Audit Committee oversees our accounting and financial reporting processes and oversee the audit of our consolidated financial statements and the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting. The specific functions of this Committee include, but are not limited to: • selecting and recommending to our board of directors the appointment of an independent registered public accounting firm and overseeing the engagement of such firm; • approving the fees to be paid to the independent registered public accounting firm; • helping to ensure the independence of the independent registered public accounting firm; • overseeing the integrity of our financial statements; • preparing an audit committee report as required by the SEC to be included in our annual proxy statement; • resolving any disagreements between management and the auditors regarding financial reporting; • reviewing with management and the independent auditors any correspondence with regulators and any published reports that raise material issues regarding the Company’s accounting policies; • reviewing and approving all related -party transactions; and • overseeing compliance with legal and regulatory requirements. Compensation Committee Our Compensation Committee assists the board of directors in the discharge of its responsibilities relating to the compensation of the board of directors and our executive officers. The Committee’s compensation -related responsibilities include, but are not limited to: • reviewing and approving on an annual basis the corporate goals and objectives with respect to compensation for our Chief Executive Officer; • reviewing, approving and recommending to our board of directors on an annual basis the evaluation process and compensation structure for our other executive officers; • determining the need for and the appropriateness of employment agreements and change in control agreements for each of our executive officers and any other officers recommended by the Chief Executive Officer or board of directors; • providing oversight of management’s decisions concerning the performance and compensation of other company officers, employees, consultants and advisors; • reviewing our incentive compensation and other equity -based plans and recommending changes in such plans to our board of directors as needed, and exercising all the authority of our board of directors with respect to the administration of such plans; • reviewing and recommending to our board of directors the compensation of independent directors, including incentive and equity -based compensation; and • selecting, retaining and terminating such compensation consultants, outside counsel or other advisors as it deems necessary or appropriate. Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee The purpose of the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee is to recommend to the board nominees for election as directors and persons to be elected to fill any vacancies on the board, develop and recommend a set of corporate governance principles and oversee the performance of the board. 12 Table of Contents The Committee’s responsibilities include: • recommending to the board of directors nominees for election as directors at any meeting of stockholders and nominees to fill vacancies on the board; • considering candidates proposed by stockholders in accordance with the requirements in the Committee charter; • overseeing the administration of the Company’s code of business conduct and ethics; • reviewing with the entire board of directors, on an annual basis, the requisite skills and criteria for board candidates and the composition of the board as a whole; • the authority to retain search firms to assist in identifying board candidates, approve the terms of the search firm’s engagement, and cause the Company to pay the engaged search firm’s engagement fee; • recommending to the board of directors on an annual basis the directors to be appointed to each committee of the board of directors; • overseeing an annual self -evaluation of the board of directors and its committees to determine whether it and its committees are functioning effectively; and • developing and recommending to the board a set of corporate governance guidelines applicable to the Company. The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee may delegate any of its responsibilities to subcommittees as it deems appropriate. The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee is authorized to retain independent legal and other advisors, and conduct or authorize investigations into any matter within the scope of its duties. Code of Business Conduct and Ethics We have adopted a code of business conduct and ethics applicable to our principal executive, financial and accounting officers and all persons performing similar functions. A copy of that code is available on our corporate website at www.quantumcomputinginc.com . We expect that any amendments to such code, or any waivers of its requirements, will be disclosed on our website. Disclosure of Commission Position on Indemnification of Securities Act Liabilities Our directors and officers are indemnified as provided by the Delaware corporate law and our bylaws. We have agreed to indemnify each of our directors and certain officers against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act. Insofar as indemnification for liabilities arising under the Securities Act may be permitted to our directors, officers and controlling persons pursuant to the provisions described above, or otherwise, we have been advised that in the opinion of the SEC such indemnification is against public policy as expressed in the Securities Act and is, therefore, unenforceable. In the event that a claim for indemnification against such liabilities (other than our payment of expenses incurred or paid by our director, officer or controlling person in the successful defense of any action, suit or proceeding) is asserted by such director, officer or controlling person in connection with the securities being registered, we will, unless in the opinion of our counsel the matter has been settled by controlling precedent, submit to a court of appropriate jurisdiction the question whether such indemnification by it is against public policy as expressed in the Securities Act and will be governed by the final adjudication of such issue. We have been advised that in the opinion of the SEC indemnification for liabilities arising under the Securities Act is against public policy as expressed in the Securities Act, and is, therefore, unenforceable. In the event that a claim for indemnification against such liabilities is asserted by one of our directors, officers, or controlling persons in connection with the securities being registered, we will, unless in the opinion of our legal counsel the matter has been settled by controlling precedent, submit the question of whether such indemnification is against public policy to a court of appropriate jurisdiction. We will then be governed by the court’s decision. 13 Table of Contents Involvement in Certain Legal Proceedings. Our Chief Executive Officer, Mr. Robert Liscouski, was President of Implant Sciences Corporation, which filed a petition for bankruptcy on October 11, 2016 in the Delaware Bankruptcy Court. With the exception of the foregoing, to the best of our knowledge, none of our directors or executive officers has, during the past ten years: • been convicted in a criminal proceeding or been subject to a pending criminal proceeding (excluding traffic violations and other minor offenses); • had any bankruptcy petition filed by or against the business or property of the person, or of any partnership, corporation or business association of which he was a general partner or executive officer, either at the time of the bankruptcy filing or within two years prior to that time; • been subject to any order, judgment, or decree, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, of any court of competent jurisdiction or federal or state authority, permanently or temporarily enjoining, barring, suspending or otherwise limiting, his involvement in any type of business, securities, futures, commodities, investment, banking, savings and loan, or insurance activities, or to be associated with persons engaged in any such activity; • been found by a court of competent jurisdiction in a civil action or by the Securities and Exchange Commission or the Commodity Futures Trading Commission to have violated a federal or state securities or commodities law, and the judgment has not been reversed, suspended, or vacated; • been the subject of, or a party to, any federal or state judicial or administrative order, judgment, decree, or finding, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated (not including any settlement of a civil proceeding among private litigants), relating to an alleged violation of any federal or state securities or commodities law or regulation, any law or regulation respecting financial institutions or insurance companies including, but not limited to, a temporary or permanent injunction, order of disgorgement or restitution, civil money penalty or temporary or permanent cease -and -desist order, or removal or prohibition order, or any law or regulation prohibiting mail or wire fraud or fraud in connection with any business entity; or • been the subject of, or a party to, any sanction or order, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, of any self -regulatory organization (as defined in Section 3(a)(26) of the Exchange Act), any registered entity (as defined in Section 1(a)(29) of the Commodity Exchange Act), or any equivalent exchange, association, entity or organization that has disciplinary authority over its members or persons associated with a member. Except as set forth in our discussion below in “Certain Relationships and Related Transactions,” none of our directors or executive officers has been involved in any transactions with us or any of our directors, executive officers, affiliates or associates which are required to be disclosed pursuant to the rules and regulations of the Commission. 14 Table of Contents EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION Summary Compensation Table The following summary compensation table sets forth all compensation awarded to, earned by, or paid to the named executive officers paid by us during the years ended December 31, 2020 and 2019. Name and Principal Position | Year | Salary ($) | Bonus ($) | Stock Awards ($) | Option Awards ($) | Non-Equity Incentive Plan Compensation ($) | Non-Qualified Deferred Compensation Earnings ($) | All Other Compensation ($) | Total ($)
Robert Liscouski Chief Executive Officer (PEO) | 2020 | 360,000 | 40,000 | 1,264,000 | 75,000 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 1,739,000
2019 | 360,000 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 360,000
— | — | — | — | — | — | — | —
Christopher Roberts Treasurer (PFO) | 2020 | 202,750 | 1,264,000 | 45,000 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 1,511,750
2019 | 175,237 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 175,237
— | — | — | — | — | — | — | — Executive Employment Agreements Mr. Liscouski Employment Agreement We entered into an employment agreement with Robert Liscouski, our Chief Executive Officer, on April 26, 2021 (the “Liscouski Employment Agreement”). The agreement is for an indefinite term, subject to periodic review by the Board of Directors, stipulates a base salary (the “Base Salary”) of $400,000 per year. For the fiscal year ending December 31, 2021 and for subsequent fiscal years, the Liscouski Employment Agreement allows for an annual incentive bonus in the amount up to $150,000 per year, subject to Mr. Liscouski achieving certain performance based milestones that are established by the Board of Directors. In connection with the Liscouski Employment Agreement, Mr. Liscouski was issued options for 250,000 restricted shares of the Company’s common stock in 2021. As a full -time employee of the Company, Mr. Liscouski will be eligible to participate in the Company’s benefit programs. Mr. Liscouski’s employment may be terminated by the Company with or without “Cause”. “Cause” shall mean (i) conviction or entry of nolo contendere to any felony or a crime involving moral turpitude, fraud or embezzlement of Company property; (ii) dishonesty, gross negligence or gross misconduct that is materially injurious to the Company or material failure to perform her/his duties under this Agreement which has not been cured by Mr. Liscouski within 10 days after he shall have received written notice from the Company stating with reasonable specificity the nature of such failure to perform; and (iii) illegal use or use of drugs, alcohol, or other related substances that is materially injurious to the Company. If the Company terminates Mr. Liscouski’s employment without “Cause” the Company will continue payment of Mr. Liscouski’s Base Salary for an additional twelve (12) months from the date Mr. Liscouski is terminated. Severance Arrangements Robert Liscouski is entitled to receive a severance payment, upon the execution of a release in favor of the Company, if terminated by us without cause. The severance benefits would include a payment in an amount equal to one year of such executive officer’s annualized base salary compensation plus accrued paid time off. Additionally, he would also be entitled to receive medical and dental insurance coverage for one year following the date of termination. Mr. Roberts Employment Agreement We entered into an employment agreement with Christopher Roberts, our Chief Financial Officer, on April 26, 2021 (the “Roberts Employment Agreement”) whereby Mr. Roberts is to provide the Company with financial and accounting and business strategy services. The agreement is for an indefinite term, subject to periodic review by the Board of Directors, stipulates a base salary (the “Base Salary”) of $300,000 per year. For the fiscal year ending December 31, 2021 and for subsequent fiscal years, the Roberts Employment Agreement allows for an annual incentive bonus in 15 Table of Contents the amount up to $150,000 per year, subject to Mr. Roberts achieving certain performance based milestones that are established by the Board of Directors. In connection with the Roberts Employment Agreement, Mr. Roberts was issued options for 400,000 restricted shares of the Company’s common stock in 2021. As a full -time employee of the Company, Mr. Roberts will be eligible to participate in the Company’s benefit programs. Mr. Roberts’ employment may be terminated by the Company with or without “Cause”. “Cause” shall mean (i) conviction or entry of nolo contendere to any felony or a crime involving moral turpitude, fraud or embezzlement of Company property; (ii) dishonesty, gross negligence or gross misconduct that is materially injurious to the Company or material failure to perform her/his duties under this Agreement which has not been cured by Mr. Liscouski within 10 days after he shall have received written notice from the Company stating with reasonable specificity the nature of such failure to perform; and (iii) illegal use or use of drugs, alcohol, or other related substances that is materially injurious to the Company. If the Company terminates Mr. Roberts’s employment without “Cause” the Company will continue payment of Mr. Roberts’s Base Salary for an additional twelve (12) months from the date Mr. Roberts is terminated. Severance Arrangements Mr. Roberts is entitled to receive a severance payment, upon the execution of a release in favor of the Company, if terminated by us without cause. The severance benefits would include a payment in an amount equal to one year of such executive officer’s annualized base salary compensation plus accrued paid time off. Additionally, the he would also be entitled to receive medical and dental insurance coverage for six months following the date of termination. Outstanding Equity Awards at Fiscal Year End The following table sets forth information regarding equity awards held by the Named Executive Officers as of December 31, 2020: Option Awards (1) | Stock Awards
Name | Number of Securities Underlying Unexercised Options, Exercisable (#) | Number of Securities Underlying Unexercised Options, Not Exercisable (#) | Option Exercise Price ($) | Option Expiration Date | Number of Shares or Units of Stock That Have Not Vested (#) | Market Value of Shares or Units of Stock That Have Not Vested ($)
Robert Liscouski | — | 75,000 | 1.00 | May 1, 2025 | 400,000 | 5,644,000
Christopher Roberts | 45,000 | 1.00 | May 1, 2025 | 400,000 | 5,644,000 Director Compensation The Company’s directors did not receive compensation for their services as directors in fiscal year 2020. Beginning in 2021, Directors will receive cash compensation of $5,000 per quarter for their service. 16 Table of Contents SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT The following table sets forth certain information as of September 20, 2021 concerning the beneficial ownership of common stock for: (i) each director and director nominee, (ii) each Named Executive Officer in the Summary Compensation Table under “Executive Compensation” above, (iii) all executive officers and directors as a group, and (iv) each person (including any “group” as that term is used in Section 13(d)(3) of the Exchange Act) known by us to be the beneficial owner of 5% or more of our common stock. The address for each of the persons below who are beneficial owners of 5% or more of our common stock is our corporate address at 215 Depot Court SE, Suite 215, Leesburg, VA 20175. Beneficial ownership has been determined in accordance with the rules of the SEC and is calculated based on 29,156,815 shares of our common stock issued and outstanding as of September 20, 2021. Shares of common stock subject to options, warrants, preferred stock or other securities convertible into common stock that are currently exercisable or convertible, or exercisable or convertible within 60 days of September 20, 2021, are deemed outstanding for computing the percentage of the person holding the option, warrant, preferred stock, or convertible security but are not deemed outstanding for computing the percentage of any other person. Except as indicated by the footnotes below, we believe, based on the information furnished to us, that the persons and entities named in the table below have sole voting and investment power with respect to all shares of common stock that they beneficially own. The following table sets forth, as of September 20, 2021, the number of shares of common stock owned of record and beneficially by our executive officers, directors and persons who hold 5% or more of the outstanding shares of common stock of the Company. The amounts and percentages of our common stock beneficially owned are reported on the basis of SEC rules governing the determination of beneficial ownership of securities. Under the SEC rules, a person is deemed to be a “beneficial owner” of a security if that person has or shares “voting power,” which includes the power to vote or to direct the voting of such security, or “investment power,” which includes the power to dispose of or to direct the disposition of such security. A person is also deemed to be a beneficial owner of any securities of which that person has the right to acquire beneficial ownership within 60 days through the exercise of any stock option, warrant or other right. Under these rules, more than one person may be deemed a beneficial owner of the same securities and a person may be deemed to be a beneficial owner of securities as to which such person has no economic interest. Unless otherwise indicated, each of the shareholders named in the table below, or his or her family members, has sole voting and investment power with respect to such shares of our common stock. Except as otherwise indicated, the address of each of the shareholders listed below is: c/o Quantum Computing Inc., 215 Depot Court SE, Suite 215, Leesburg, VA 20175. Applicable percentage ownership is based on 29,156,815 shares of Common Stock outstanding as of September 20, 2021. In computing the number of shares of Common Stock beneficially owned by a person and the percentage ownership of that person, we deemed to be outstanding all shares of Common Stock as held by that person or entity that are currently exercisable or that will become exercisable within 60 days of September 20, 2021. 17 Table of Contents Name and Address of Beneficial Owner | Common Stock Owned Beneficially | Percent of Class
Named Executive Officers and Directors
Robert Liscouski, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman (1) | 1,012,500 | 3.47
Christopher Roberts, Chief Financial Officer (2) | 725,000 | 2.49
Bertrand Velge (3) | 2,167,888 | 7.44
Justin Schreiber (4) | 1,250,000 | 4.29
Robert Fagenson (5) | 100,000 | 0.34
All directors and officers as a group (5 persons) | 5,255,388 | 17.68
5% or greater shareholders
None
Total | 5,255,388 | 17.68 ____________ * Less than 1% (1) Includes 1,012,500 shares of common stock. (2) Includes 725,000 shares of common stock. (3) Includes 2,167,888 shares of common stock. (4) Mr. Schreiber has voting and investment control of the following shares: 1,250,000 shares of common stock held by JOJ Holdings, LLC. Mr. Schreiber is the President of JOJ Holdings, LLC and is the beneficial owner of these securities. Mr. Schreiber resigned from the Board on September 22, 2021. (5) Includes 100,000 shares of common stock and options for 100,000 shares of common stock. 18 Table of Contents TRANSACTIONS WITH RELATED PERSONS The following is a summary of transactions since January 1, 2018 to which we have been or will be a party in which the amount involved exceeded or will exceed $ (one percent of the average of our total assets at year -end for our last two completed fiscal years) and in which any of our directors, executive officers or beneficial holders of more than 5% of any class of our capital stock, or any immediate family member of, or person sharing a household with, any of these individuals, had or will have a direct or indirect material interest, other than compensation arrangements that are described under the section captioned “Executive compensation.” Other than as disclosed below, there have been no transactions involving the Company since the beginning of the last fiscal year, or any currently proposed transactions, in which the Company was or is to be a participant and the amount involved exceeds $120,000 or one percent of the average of the Company’s total assets at year -end for the last two completed fiscal years, and in which any related person had or will have a direct or indirect material interest. To finance the acquisition of the control block of shares in IBGH, an investor group (the “Initial Investors.”), loaned Convergent Risk Group, LLC (Convergent) $275,000, in exchange for Promissory Notes from Convergent (the “Promissory Notes”) in the total amount of $275,000. Convergent, a Virginia limited liability company, is owned 100% by Mr. Robert Liscouski, who is the CEO and currently the majority shareholder of the Company. To induce Mr. Liscouski to serve as CEO of the Company, the Company assumed the “Promissory Notes” in the total amount of $275,000 and certain liabilities (the “Liabilities”). The Liabilities and the Promissory Notes are collectively the “Convergent Liabilities.” The Convergent Liabilities assumed by the Company were exchanged for Convertible Promissory Notes issued by the Company for $275,000 (the same amount that Convergent had issued them for). The Convertible Promissory Notes were convertible into common stock of the Company at a conversion price of $0.10 per share. As of December 31, 2020 all of the Convertible Promissory Notes had been converted to common stock. To provide the Company with advertising and marketing services, the Company contracted with JLS Ventures LLC (“JLS”), an entity wholly owned by Justin Schreiber, a former member of the Company’s board of directors, to procure and manage advertising services. The agreement with JLS is for a period of one year and is terminable upon thirty days’ notice. During the year ending December 31, 2021, the Company reimbursed JLS $140,698 for costs associated with advertisement procurement. 19 Table of Contents AUDIT-RELATED MATTERS Audit Committee Report The Audit Committee of the Board of Directors is comprised of independent directors and operates under a written charter adopted by the Board of Directors. The Audit Committee Charter is reviewed and updated as needed per applicable rules of the SEC and The Nasdaq Stock Market. The Audit Committee serves in an oversight capacity. Management is responsible for the Company’s internal controls over financial reporting. The independent auditors are responsible for performing an independent audit of the Company’s financial statements per the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (“PCAOB”) and issuing a report thereon. The Audit Committee’s primary responsibility is to monitor and oversee these processes and to select and retain the Company’s independent auditors. In fulfilling its oversight responsibilities, the Audit Committee reviewed with management the Company’s audited financial statements and discussed not only the acceptability but also the quality of the accounting principles, the reasonableness of the significant judgments and estimates, critical accounting policies, and the clarity of disclosures in the audited financial statements prior to issuance. The Audit Committee reviewed and discussed the audited financial statements as of and for the year ended December 31, 2020, with the Company’s independent auditors, BF Borgers CPA P.C. LLP (“Borgers”), and discussed not only the acceptability but also the quality of the accounting principles, the reasonableness of the significant judgments and estimates, critical accounting policies and the clarity of disclosures in the audited financial statements prior to issuance. The Audit Committee discussed with Borgers the matters required to be discussed by the applicable requirements of the PCAOB and the SEC. The Audit Committee has received the written disclosures and the letter from Borgers required by the applicable requirements of the PCAOB regarding independent auditor communications with the Audit Committee concerning independence and has discussed with Borgers. Based on the review and discussions with our independent registered public accounting firm, Borgers, the Audit Committee has recommended to the Board of Directors, and the Board has approved, that the audited financial statements be included in our Annual Report on Form 10 -K for the year ended December 31, 2020, for filing with the SEC. MEMBERS OF THE AUDIT COMMITTEE: Robert Fagenson — Chairman of the Committee William J. McGann Bertrand Velge 20 Table of Contents PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES BF Borgers CPA PC served as our independent registered public accountants for the years ended December 31, 2019 and 2020. Audit Fees For the Company’s fiscal years ended December 31, 2020 and 2019, we were billed approximately $43,200 and $57,100, respectively, for professional services rendered by our independent auditors for the audit and review of our financial statements. Tax Fees For the Company’s fiscal years ended December 31, 2020 and 2019, there were no fees for professional services rendered by our independent auditors for tax compliance, tax advice, and tax planning. All Other Fees For the Company’s fiscal years ended December 31, 2020 and 2019, we were billed approximately $5,400 and $20,000, respectively, for professional services rendered by our independent auditors related to the Registration Statement on Form 10 -12 (g) and amendments thereto filed with the SEC in those years. Pre-Approval Policies All of the above services and fees were reviewed and approved by the entire Board. No services were performed before or without approval. 21 Table of Contents MATTERS TO BE VOTED ON PROPOSAL NO. 1: ELECTION OF DIRECTORS The Company’s Board of Directors is currently comprised of five directors. A total of five directors will be elected at the Annual Meeting to serve until the next annual meeting of shareholders to be held in 2022, or until their successors are duly elected and qualified. Of the Board members whose term expires at the Annual Meeting, Robert Liscouski, Christopher Roberts, Bertrand Velge, William J. McGann and Robert Fagenson are all standing for reelection. The persons named as “Proxies” in the enclosed Proxy will vote the shares represented by all valid returned proxies in accordance with the specifications of the shareholders returning such proxies. If no choice has been specified by a shareholder, the shares will be voted FOR the nominees. If at the time of the Annual Meeting any of the nominees named below should be unable or unwilling to serve, which event is not expected to occur, the discretionary authority provided in the Proxy will be exercised to vote for such substitute nominee or nominees, if any, as shall be designated by the Board of Directors. If a quorum is present and voting, the nominees for directors receiving the highest number of votes will be elected. Abstentions and broker non -votes will have no effect on the vote. NOMINEES FOR ELECTION AS DIRECTOR Nominees The persons nominated as directors are as follows: Name | Age | Position(s)
Robert Liscouski | 67 | Chairman of the Board of Directors, President, and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer)
Christopher Roberts | 67 | Chief Financial Officer, (Principal Financial Officer) (Principal Accounting Officer), Director
Bertrand Velge | 62 | Director
William J. McGann | 63 | Director
Robert Fagenson | 73 | Director Vote Required The five nominees for director receiving the highest number of votes “FOR” election will be elected as directors. This is called a plurality. Withholding a vote from a director nominee will not be voted with respect to the director nominee indicated and will have no impact on the election of directors although it will be counted for the purposes of determining whether there is a quorum. Broker non -votes will have no effect on the outcome of this proposal. Recommendation of our Board Our Board unanimously recommends that you vote “FOR” the election of each of the nominees for directors. 22 Table of Contents PROPOSAL NO. 2: APPROVAL OF AN AMENDMENT TO THE 2019 PLAN On July 22, 2021, the Board approved, subject to stockholder approval, an amendment to the 2019 Plan to increase the maximum number of shares of common stock available for issuance under the 2019 Plan by an additional 1,500,000 shares. Currently, the maximum number of shares of common stock available for issuance under the 2019 Plan is 1,500,000. As of September 20, 2021, there are 0 shares of common stock available for future award grants under the 2019 Plan. As of such date, there were (i) options to purchase an aggregate of 1,500,000 shares of common stock outstanding under the 2019 Plan at a weighted -average exercise price of $3.98 per share, and (ii) 0 shares of unvested restricted common stock outstanding under the 2019 Plan. Between the dates whereby the 2019 Plan has become effective, November 14, 2019 and September 20, 2021, 30,000 shares of common stock have become issued and outstanding as a result of vested awards under the 2019 Plan. The Company faces intense competition in recruiting high quality personnel, and in retaining our employees. The Board continues to believe that stock -based incentives are important factors in attracting, retaining and awarding officers, employees, directors and consultants and closely aligning their interests with those of our stockholders. As of September 20, 2021, 29,156,815 shares of the Company’s common stock are issued and outstanding. The Company faces intense competition in recruiting high quality personnel, and in retaining our employees. The Board continues to believe that stock -based incentives are important factors in attracting, retaining and awarding officers, employees, directors and consultants and closely aligning their interests with those of our stockholders. The Board believes that increasing the number of shares available for issuance under the 2019 Plan by 1,500,000 shares, which will be effected by increasing the Baseline Amount from 1,500,000 shares to 3,000,000 shares, is consistent with the Company’s compensation philosophy (and with responsible compensation policies generally) and will preserve the Company’s ability to attract and retain capable officers, employees, directors and consultants. The Company does not have any shares available under the 2019 Plan. The Board believes it is imperative in view of our compensation structure and strategy and that the availability of the additional shares will help the Company to have a more sufficient number of shares of common stock authorized for issuance under the 2019 Plan. The Board adopted this amendment to ensure that, as we grow over the coming year, we can operate effectively in our recruitment efforts, and create incentives for the retention of employees and other service providers, by granting the equity arrangements available under the 2019 Plan to employees, directors, and key consultants at levels determined appropriate by the Compensation Committee. In addition to our five directors (which include our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer), approximately 26 employees and approximately 10 key consultants are eligible to participate in the 2019 Plan. Summary of 2019 Plan, as Proposed to be Amended The following is a summary of the material terms and conditions of the 2019 Plan, as proposed to be amended, and is qualified in its entirety by the provisions contained in the 2019 Plan, as amended (the “Amended 2019 Plan”), a copy of which is attached to this Proxy Statement as Annex A: Common Stock Reserved for Issuance under the 2019 Plan. As amended, the maximum number of shares of common stock available for issuance under the 2019 Plan will be 3,000,000. Currently the maximum number of shares of common stock available for issuance under the 2019 Plan is 1,500,000. As a result, the effect of the proposed amendment to the 2019 Plan will be to increase the shares available for issuance under 2019 Plan from 1,500,000 shares to 3,000,000 shares. Plan Highlights Options are subject to the following conditions: (i) The Committee (as defined below) determines the exercise price of Incentive Options at the time the Incentive Options are granted. The assigned exercise price must be no less than 100% of the Fair Market Value (as defined in the 2019 Plan) of the Company’s Common Stock. In the event that the recipient is a Ten Percent Owner (as defined in the 2019 Plan), the exercise price must be no less than 110% of the Fair Market Value of the Company. 23 Table of Contents (ii) The exercise price of each Non -qualified Option will be at least 100% of the Fair Market Value of such share of the Company’s Common Stock on the date the Non -qualified Option is granted, unless the Committee, in its sole and absolute discretion, elects to set the exercise price of such Non -qualified Option below Fair Market Value. (iii) The Committee fixes the term of Options, provided that Options may not be exercisable more than ten years from the date the Option is granted, and provided further that Incentive Options granted to a Ten Percent Owner may not be exercisable more than five years from the date the Incentive Option is granted. (iv) Stock Options shall become exercisable and/or vested at such time or times, whether or not in installments, as shall be determined by the Committee at or after the Grant Date. The Award Agreement may permit a grantee to exercise all or a portion of a Stock Option immediately at grant; provided that the Shares issued upon such exercise shall be subject to restrictions and a vesting schedule identical to the vesting schedule of the related Stock Option, such Shares shall be deemed to be Restricted Stock for purposes of the Plan, and the optionee may be required to enter into an additional or new Award Agreement as a condition to exercise of such Stock Option. An optionee shall have the rights of a stockholder only as to Shares acquired upon the exercise of a Stock Option and not as to unexercised Stock Options. An optionee shall not be deemed to have acquired any Shares unless and until a Stock Option shall have been exercised pursuant to the terms of the Award Agreement and this Plan and the optionee’s name has been entered on the books of the Company as a stockholder. (v) The Committee may designate the vesting period of Options. In the event that the Committee does not designate a vesting period for Options, the Options will vest in equal amounts on each fiscal quarter of the Company through the five (5) year anniversary of the date on which the Options were granted. The vesting period accelerates upon the consummation of a Sale Event (as defined in the 2019 Plan). (vi) Options are not transferable except to a recipient’s family members or partnerships in which such family members are the only partners and Options are exercisable only by the Options’ recipient, except upon the recipient’s death. (vii) Incentive Options may not be issued in an amount or manner where the amount of Incentive Options exercisable in one year entitles the holder to Common Stock of the Company with an aggregate Fair Market value of greater than $100,000. Awards of Restricted Stock are subject to the following conditions : (i) The Committee grants Restricted Stock Options and determines the restrictions on each Restricted Stock Award (as defined in the 2019 Plan). Upon the grant of a Restricted Stock Award and the payment of any applicable purchase price, grantee is considered the record owner of the Restricted Stock and entitled to vote the Restricted Stock if such Restricted Stock is entitled to voting rights. (ii) Restricted Stock may not be delivered to the grantee until the Restricted Stock has vested. (iii) Restricted Stock may not be sold, assigned, transferred, pledged or otherwise encumbered or disposed of except as provided in the 2019 Plan or in the Award Agreement (as defined in the 2019 Plan). Upon a Termination Event (as defined in the 2019 Plan), the Company or its assigns shall have the right and option to repurchase from a Holder of Shares (as defined in the 2019 Plan) received pursuant to a Restricted Stock Award any Shares that are still subject to a risk of forfeiture as of the Termination Event (as defined in the 2019 Plan). Purpose The objective of the 2019 Plan is to encourage and enable the officers, employees, directors, consultants and other key persons of the Company and its subsidiaries, upon whose judgment, initiative and efforts the Company largely depends for the successful conduct of its business, to acquire a proprietary interest in the Company. 24 Table of Contents Grants The 2019 Plan permits the granting of incentive stock options, nonqualified stock options, stock awards, restricted stock units, stock appreciation rights (“ SARs ”) and other equity -based awards (collectively, “ grants ”). Although all employees and all of the employees of our subsidiaries are eligible to receive grants under our Plan, the grant to any particular employee is subject to the discretion of the Board, or at the discretion of the Board, or by a committee of the Board, comprised of not less than two directors (such body that administers the 2019 Plan, the “ Committee ”). The maximum number of shares of our Common Stock that we may issue under the 2019 Plan may not exceed 1,500,000, and no more than 250,000 may be granted as incentive stock options under Section 422 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the “ Code ”). If a grant expires or terminates for any reason before it is fully vested or exercised, or if any grant is forfeited, we may again make the number of shares subject to that grant that the participant has not purchased or that has not vested subject to another grant under the 2019 Plan. We have made and will make appropriate adjustments to outstanding grants and to the number or kind of shares subject to the 2019 Plan in the event of a stock split, reverse stock split, stock dividend, share combination or reclassification and certain other types of corporate transactions, including a merger or a sale of all or substantially all of our assets. All grants will be determined by the Board or a committee of the Board (the “Committee”) and at this time, 1,500,000 stock option grants have been determined and awarded. Administration The 2019 Plan shall be administered by the Compensation Committee of the Board, comprised of not less than three directors or the Board of Directors in the absence of a Compensation Committee of the Board. All references herein to the “Committee” shall be deemed to refer to the group then responsible for administration of the 2019 Plan at the relevant time (i.e., either the Board of Directors or a committee or committees of the Board, as applicable). (i) to select the individuals to whom Awards may from time to time be granted; (ii) to determine the time or times of grant, and the amount, if any, of Incentive Stock Options, Non -Qualified Stock Options, SARs, Restricted Stock Awards, Unrestricted Stock Awards, Restricted Stock Units, or any combination of the foregoing, granted to any one or more grantees; (iii) to determine the number and types of Shares to be covered by any Award and, subject to the provisions of the 2019 Plan, the price, exercise price, conversion ratio or other price relating thereto; (iv) to determine and, subject to the 2019 Plan, to modify from time to time the terms and conditions, including restrictions, not inconsistent with the terms of the 2019 Plan, of any Award, which terms and conditions may differ among individual Awards and grantees, and to approve the form of Award Agreements; (v) to accelerate at any time the exercisability or vesting of all or any portion of any Award; (vi) to impose any limitations on Awards, including limitations on transfers, repurchase provisions and the like, and to exercise repurchase rights or obligations; (vii) subject to any restrictions imposed under the 2019 Plan or by Section 409A, to extend at any time the period in which Stock Options may be exercised; and (viii) at any time to adopt, alter and repeal such rules, guidelines and practices for administration of the 2019 Plan and for its own acts and proceedings as it shall deem advisable; to interpret the terms and provisions of the 2019 Plan and any Award (including Award Agreements); to make all determinations it deems advisable for the administration of the 2019 Plan; to decide all disputes arising in connection with the 2019 Plan; and to otherwise supervise the administration of the 2019 Plan. All decisions and interpretations of the Committee shall be binding on all persons, including the Company and all Holders. 25 Table of Contents Grant Instruments All grants will be subject to the terms and conditions set forth in our Plan and to such other terms and conditions consistent with our Plan as the Committee deems appropriate and as are specified in writing by the Committee to the individual in a grant instrument or an amendment to the grant instrument. All grants will be made conditional upon the acknowledgement of the grantee in writing or by acceptance of the grant, that all decisions and determinations of the Compensation Committee will be final and binding on the grantee, his or her beneficiaries and any other person having or claiming an interest under such grant. Terms and Conditions of Grants The grant instrument will state the number of shares subject to the grant and the other terms and conditions of the grant, consistent with the requirements of our Plan. The purchase price per share subject to an option (or the exercise price per share in the case of a SAR) must equal at least the fair market value of a share of the Company’s common stock on the date of grant. The exercise price per share for the Shares covered by a Stock Option shall be determined by the Committee at the time of grant but shall not be less than 100%of the Fair Market Value on the Grant Date. In the case of an Incentive Stock Option that is granted to a Ten Percent Owner, the exercise price per share for the Shares covered by such Incentive Stock Option shall not be less than 110% of the Fair Market Value on the Grant Date. Under the 2019 Plan, the term “Fair Market Value” of the Stock on any given date means the fair market value of the Stock determined in good faith by the Committee based on the reasonable application of a reasonable valuation method that is consistent with Section 409A of the Code. If the Stock is admitted to trade on a national securities exchange, the determination shall be made by reference to the closing price reported on such exchange. If there is no closing price for such date, the determination shall be made by reference to the last date preceding such date for which there is a closing price. If the date for which Fair Market Value is determined is the first day when trading prices for the Stock are reported on a national securities exchange, the Fair Market Value shall be the “Price to the Public” (or equivalent). “Ten Percent Owner” means an employee who owns or is deemed to own (by reason of the attribution rules of Section 424(d) of the Code) more than 10 percent of the combined voting power of all classes of stock of the Company or any parent of the Company or any Subsidiary. Transferability Restricted Stock, Stock Options, SARs and, prior to exercise, the Shares issuable upon exercise of such Stock Option, shall not be transferable by the optionee otherwise than by will, or by the laws of descent and distribution, and all Stock Options shall be exercisable, during the optionee’s lifetime, only by the optionee, or by the optionee’s legal representative or guardian in the event of the optionee’s incapacity. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Committee, in its sole discretion, may provide in the Award Agreement regarding a given Stock Option or Restricted Stock award that the optionee may transfer by gift, without consideration for the transfer, his or her Non -Qualified Stock Options to his or her family members (as defined in Rule 701 of the Securities Act), to trusts for the benefit of such family members, or to partnerships in which such family members are the only partners (to the extent such trusts or partnerships are considered “family members” for purposes of Rule 701 of the Securities Act), provided that the transferee agrees in writing with the Company to be bound by all of the terms and conditions of this Plan and the applicable Award Agreement, including the execution of a stock power upon the issuance of Shares. Amendment and Termination The Board may, at any time, amend or discontinue the 2019 Plan and the Committee may, at any time, amend or cancel any outstanding Award for the purpose of satisfying changes in law or for any other lawful purpose, but no such action shall adversely affect rights under any outstanding Award without the consent of the holder of the Award. The Committee may exercise its discretion to reduce the exercise price of outstanding Stock Options or effect repricing through cancellation of outstanding Stock Options and by granting such holders new Awards in replacement of the cancelled Stock Options. To the extent determined by the Committee to be required either by the Code to ensure that Incentive Stock Options granted under the 2019 Plan are qualified under Section 422 of the Code or otherwise, Plan amendments shall be subject to approval by the Company stockholders entitled to vote at a meeting of stockholders. Nothing in this Section 12 shall limit the Board’s or Committee’s authority to take any action permitted pursuant to 26 Table of Contents Section 3(c). The Board reserves the right to amend the 2019 Plan and/or the terms of any outstanding Stock Options to the extent reasonably necessary to comply with the requirements of the exemption pursuant to Rule 12h -1 of the Exchange Act. Federal Income Tax Consequences The following summary is intended only as a general guide as to the United States federal income tax consequences under current law of participation in our Plan and does not attempt to describe all possible federal or other tax consequences of such participation or tax consequences based on particular circumstances. Stock option grants under the 2019 Plan may be intended to qualify as incentive stock options under Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (“IRC”) §422 or may be non -qualified stock options governed by IRC §83. Generally, no federal income tax is payable by a participant upon the grant of a stock option and no deduction is taken by the Company. Under current tax laws, if a participant exercises a non -qualified stock option, he or she will have taxable income equal to the difference between the market price of the stock on the exercise date and the stock option grant price. The Company will be entitled to a corresponding deduction on its income tax return. A participant will have no taxable income upon exercising an incentive stock option if the shares received are held for the applicable holding periods (except that alternative minimum tax may apply), and the Company will receive no deduction when an incentive stock option is exercised. The Company may be entitled to a deduction in the case of a disposition of shares acquired under an incentive stock option that occurs before the applicable holding periods have been satisfied. Restricted stock and restricted stock units are also governed by IRC §83. Generally, no taxes are due when the award is made. Restricted stock generally becomes taxable when it is no longer subject to a “substantial risk of forfeiture” (i.e., becomes vested or transferable). Restricted stock units become taxable when settled. When taxable to the participant, income tax is paid on the value of the stock or units at ordinary rates. The Company will generally be entitled to a corresponding deduction on its income tax return. Any additional gain on shares received are then taxed at capital gains rates when the shares are sold. The grant of a stock appreciation right will not result in income for the participant or in a tax deduction for the Company. Upon the settlement of such a right, the participant will recognize ordinary income equal to the aggregate value of the payment received, and the Company generally will be entitled to a tax deduction in the same amount. The foregoing is only a summary of the effect of federal income taxation on the participant and the Company under the 2019 Plan. It does not purport to be complete and does not discuss the tax consequences arising in the context of a participant’s death or the income tax laws of any municipality, state or foreign country in which the participant’s income may be taxable. Tax Withholding Each grantee shall, no later than the date as of which the value of an Award or of any Shares or other amounts received thereunder first becomes includable in the gross income of the grantee for income tax purposes, pay to the Company, or make arrangements satisfactory to the Committee regarding payment of, any Federal, state, or local taxes of any kind required by law to be withheld by the Company with respect to such income. The Company and any Subsidiary shall, to the extent permitted by law, have the right to deduct any such taxes from any payment of any kind otherwise due to the grantee. The Company’s obligation to deliver stock certificates (or evidence of book entry) to any grantee is subject to and conditioned on any such tax withholding obligations being satisfied by the grantee. The Company’s minimum required tax withholding obligation may be satisfied, in whole or in part, by the Company withholding from Shares to be issued pursuant to an Award a number of Shares having an aggregate Fair Market Value (as of the date the withholding is effected) that would satisfy the minimum withholding amount due. No Dissenters’ Rights Under the Delaware General Corporation Law, the Stockholders are not entitled to dissenters’ rights with respect to the 2019 Plan, and the Company will not independently provide Stockholders with any such right. 27 Table of Contents Vote Required The affirmative vote of the holders of shares of common stock representing a majority of the shares of Common Stock cast at the meeting in person or by proxy is required for the approval of the proposed amendment to the Amended 2019 Plan to increase the maximum number of shares of the Company’s common stock available for issuance under the Amended 2019 Plan from 1,500,000 shares to 3,000,000 shares. Abstentions and broker non -votes will have no effect on the outcome of this proposal. Recommendation of our Board Our Board unanimously recommends that you vote “FOR” the approval of the proposed amendment to the 2019 Plan to increase the maximum number of shares of the Company’s common stock available for issuance under the 2019 Plan FROM 1,500,000 shares TO 3,000,000 SHARES . 28 Table of Contents Proposal No. 3: Non-Binding Advisory Vote to Approve the Compensation of the Company’s Named Executive Officers. Pursuant to the Dodd -Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act of 2010 and Section 14A of the Exchange Act, we are conducting a stockholder advisory vote on the compensation paid to our named executive officers. This proposal, commonly known as “say -on -pay ,” gives our stockholders the opportunity to express their views on our named executive officers’ compensation. The vote is advisory, and, therefore, it is not binding on our Board, our Compensation Committee, or the Company. Nevertheless, our Compensation Committee will take into account the outcome of the vote when considering future executive compensation decisions. We currently intend to conduct this advisory vote annually, subject to the outcome of the advisory vote on the frequency of future advisory votes on named executive officer compensation, as discussed in Proposal No. 5. Our executive compensation program is designed to attract, motivate and retain our named executive officers who are critical to our success. Our Board believes that our executive compensation program is well tailored to retain and motivate key executives while recognizing the need to align our executive compensation program with the interests of our stockholders and our “pay -for -performance ” philosophy. Our Compensation Committee continually reviews the compensation programs for our named executive officers to ensure they achieve the desired goals of aligning our executive compensation structure with our stockholders’ interests and current market practices. We encourage our stockholders to read the “Summary Compensation Table” and other related compensation tables and narrative disclosures in the “Executive Compensation” section of this Proxy Statement, which describe the 2020 compensation of our named executive officers. We are asking our stockholders to approve, on an advisory basis, the compensation of our named executive officers as disclosed in this Proxy Statement pursuant to Item 402 of Regulation S -K , including the compensation tables and the narrative disclosures that accompany the compensation tables. Vote Required The affirmative vote of the holders of shares of common stock representing a majority of the shares of Common Stock cast at the meeting in person or by proxy is required for the approval, on a non -binding advisory basis, of the compensation of the Company’s named executive officers as disclosed in this Proxy Statement. Abstentions and broker non -votes will have no effect on the outcome of this proposal. Recommendation of our Board Our Board unanimously recommends that you vote “FOR” the approval, on a non -binding advisory basis, of the compensation of the Company’s named executive officers as disclosed in THIS proxy statement. 29 Table of Contents Proposal No. 4: Non-Binding Advisory on the Frequency of Future Advisory Votes to Approve the Compensation of the Company’s Named Executive Officers In Proposal No. 3, we are providing our stockholders the opportunity to vote to approve, on an advisory, non -binding basis, the compensation of our named executive officers. In this Proposal No. 4, we are asking our stockholders to cast a non -binding advisory vote regarding the frequency of future executive compensation advisory votes. Stockholders may vote for a frequency of every one, two, or three years, or may abstain. This vote is required by Section 14A of the Exchange Act. Our Board will take into consideration the outcome of this vote in making a determination about the frequency of future executive compensation advisory votes. However, because this vote is advisory and non -binding , our Board may decide that it is in the best interests of our stockholders and the Company to hold the advisory vote to approve executive compensation more or less frequently. In the future, we will propose an advisory vote on the frequency of the executive compensation advisory vote at least once every six calendar years. After careful consideration, our Board believes that the executive compensation advisory vote should be held annually, and therefore our Board unanimously recommends that you vote for a frequency of ONE YEAR for future executive compensation advisory votes. Our Board believes that an annual executive compensation advisory vote will facilitate more direct stockholder input about executive compensation. An annual executive compensation advisory vote is consistent with our policy of reviewing our compensation program annually, as well as seeking frequent input from our stockholders on corporate governance and executive compensation matters. The approval of this Proposal No. 4 requires the affirmative vote of the holders of shares of common stock representing a majority of the shares of Common Stock cast at the meeting in person or by proxy. However, because stockholders have several voting choices with respect to this proposal, it is possible that no single choice will receive a majority vote. In light of the foregoing, our Board will consider the outcome of the vote when determining the frequency of future non -binding advisory votes on executive compensation. Moreover, because this vote is non -binding , our Board may determine the frequency of future advisory votes on executive compensation in its discretion. Vote Required The selection of the three options presented receiving the highest number of votes for such option will be the option recommended by stockholders, on a non -binding advisory basis, for the frequency of future advisory votes on the compensation of the Company’s named executive officers. Abstentions and broker non -votes will have no effect on the outcome of this proposal. Recommendation of our Board Our Board unanimously recommends that you vote FOR “ONE YEAR” as the preferred frequency of future advisory votes on the compensation of our named executive officers. 30 Table of Contents Proposal No. 5: RatifICATION OF the Selection of bf borgers cpa pc as THE COMPANY’S Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm for the Fiscal Year Ending December 31, 2021 The Audit Committee of our Board of Directors has selected the firm of BF Borgers CPA PC as our independent registered public accounting firm for the fiscal year ending December 31, 2021. BF Borgers CPA PC has served as our independent registered public accounting firm since the fiscal year ended December 31, 2018. Although stockholder ratification of the selection of BF Borgers CPA PC is not required by law or Delaware rules, our Audit Committee believes that it is advisable and has decided to give our stockholders the opportunity to ratify this selection. If this proposal is not approved at the Annual Meeting, our Audit Committee may reconsider this selection. Vote Required The affirmative vote of the holders of shares of common stock representing a majority of the shares of Common Stock cast is required for the ratification of the selection of BF Borgers CPA PC as our independent registered public accounting firm for the current fiscal year. Abstentions will have no effect on the outcome of this proposal. There will be no broker non -votes with respect to this proposal. Recommendation of our Board OUR BOARD unanimously RECOMMENDS THAT YOU VOTE “FOR” THE RATIFICATION OF THE SELECTION OF BF BORGERS CPA PC AS THE COMPANY’S INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM FOR THE FISCAL YEAR ENDING DECEMBER 31, 2021. 31 Table of Contents OTHER BUSINESS We have not received notice of and do not expect any other matters to be presented for vote at the Annual Meeting, other than the proposals described in this Proxy Statement. However, if any other matters are properly presented to the Annual Meeting, it is the intention of the persons named in the accompanying proxy to vote, or otherwise act, in accordance with their judgment on such matters. If you grant a proxy, the person named as proxy holder, Robert Liscouski, or their nominees or substitutes, will have the discretion to vote your shares on any additional matters properly presented for a vote at the Annual Meeting. If for any unforeseen reason, any of our nominees are not available as a candidate for director, the proxy holder will vote your proxy for such other candidate or candidates nominated by our Board. HOUSEHOLDING OF ANNUAL MEETING MATERIALS The SEC has adopted rules that permit companies and intermediaries such as brokers to satisfy delivery requirements for the proxy statements and annual reports or Notices of Internet Availability of Proxy Materials, as applicable, with respect to two or more stockholders sharing the same address by delivering a single proxy statement and annual report or the Notice of Internet Availability of Proxy Materials, as applicable, addressed to those stockholders. This process, which is commonly referred to as “householding,” potentially provides extra convenience for stockholders and cost savings for companies. We and some brokers household proxy materials, delivering a single proxy statement and annual report or the Notice of Internet Availability of Proxy Materials, as applicable, to multiple stockholders sharing an address unless contrary instructions have been received from one or more of the affected stockholders. Once you have received notice from your broker or us that they or we will be householding materials to your address, householding will continue until you are notified otherwise or until you revoke your consent. If, at any time, you no longer wish to participate in householding and would prefer to receive a separate proxy statement and annual report, or the Notice of Internet Availability of Proxy Materials, as applicable, or if you are receiving multiples copies of the proxy statement and annual report or the Notice of Internet Availability of Proxy Materials, as applicable, and wish to receive only one, please notify your broker if your shares are held in a brokerage account or us if you hold registered shares. You can notify us by sending a written request addressed to Attn: Chief Executive Officer, Quantum Computing Inc., 215 Depot Court SE, Suite 215, Leesburg, VA 20175. We will deliver promptly, upon written request, a separate copy of the proxy statement and annual report or the Notice of Internet Availability of Proxy Materials, as applicable, to a registered stockholder at a shared address to which a single copy of the applicable document(s) was delivered. In addition, we are subject to the information and reporting requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and in accordance therewith, we file periodic reports, documents and other information with the SEC relating to our business, financial statements and other matters. Such reports and other information may be inspected and are available for copying at the offices of the SEC, 100 F Street, N.E., Washington, D.C. 20549 or may be accessed at www.sec.gov . Information regarding the operation of the public reference rooms may be obtained by calling the SEC at 1 -800-SEC-0330 . You are encouraged to review our Annual Report on Form 10 -K , together with any subsequent information we filed or will file with the SEC and other publicly available information. ************* 32 Table of Contents It is important that the proxies be returned promptly and that your shares be represented. Stockholders are urged to mark, date, execute and promptly return the accompanying proxy card. September 28, 2021 | By Order of the Board of Directors,
/ s / Robert Liscouski
Robert Liscouski
Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board of Directors 33 Table of Contents (The following is the text of the proposed First Amendment to the 2019 Equity and Incentive Plan. This text is followed by the current text of the 2019 Equity and Incentive Plan (without giving effect to the proposed amendment.) FIRST AMENDMENT TO QUANTUM COMPUTING INC. 2019 EQUITY AND INCENTIVE PLAN WHEREAS, Quantum Computing Inc. (the “ Company ”) desires to amend the Quantum Computing Inc. 2019 Equity and Incentive Plan (the “Plan”) to increase the aggregate number of shares authorized for issuance under the Plan from 1,500,000 shares to 3,000,000 shares common stock, $0.0001 par value per share, of the Company (the “Common Stock”) (the “ Plan Amendment ”); and WHEREAS, on July 22, 2021, subject to stockholder approval, the Board of Directors of the Company approved the Plan Amendment. NOW, THEREFORE, in accordance with Section 11 of the Plan, the Plan is hereby amended as follows: 1. Section 3(a) of the Plan is hereby amended by deleting paragraph 3(a) thereof in its entirety and substituting the following in lieu thereof: “(a) Stock Issuable . The maximum number of Shares reserved and available for issuance under the Plan shall be 3,000,000 Shares, subject to adjustment as provided in Section 3(b). For purposes of this limitation, the Shares underlying any Awards that are forfeited, canceled, reacquired by the Company prior to vesting, satisfied without the issuance of Stock or otherwise terminated (other than by exercise) shall be added back to the Shares available for issuance under the Plan. Subject to such overall limitations, Shares may be issued up to such maximum number pursuant to any type or types of Award, and no more than 250,000 Shares may be issued pursuant to Incentive Stock Options, as otherwise limited by Section 5(b) hereof, Code Section 422 and the regulations promulgated hereunder. The Shares available for issuance under the Plan may be authorized but unissued Shares or Shares reacquired by the Company. The value of any Shares granted to a non -employee director of the Company, when added to any annual cash payments or awards, shall not exceed an aggregate value of four hundred thousand dollars ($400,000) in any calendar year. 2. The Plan Amendment shall be effective upon approval of the stockholders of the Company at the 2021 Annual Meeting of Stockholders. If the Plan Amendment is not so approved at such meeting, then the amendment to the Plan set forth herein shall be void ab initio . 3. Except herein provided, the Plan is hereby ratified, confirmed and approved in all respects. 34 Table of Contents Annex A QUANTUM COMPUTING INC. 2019 EQUITY AND INCENTIVE PLAN SECTION 1. GENERAL PURPOSE OF THE PLAN: DEFINITIONS The name of the plan is the QUANTUM COMPUTING INC. 2019 EQUITY AND INCENTIVE PLAN (the “Plan”). The purpose of the Plan is to encourage and enable the officers, employees, directors, Consultants and other key persons of QUANTUM COMPUTING INC., a Delaware corporation (including any successor entity, the “Company”) and its Subsidiaries, upon whose judgment, initiative and efforts the Company largely depends for the successful conduct of its business, to acquire a proprietary interest in the Company. The following terms shall be defined as set forth below: “Affiliate” of any Person means a Person that directly or indirectly, through one or more intermediaries, controls, is controlled by or is under common control with the first mentioned Person. A Person shall be deemed to control another Person if such first Person possesses directly or indirectly the power to direct, or cause the direction of, the management and policies of the second Person, whether through the ownership of voting securities, by contract or otherwise. “Award” or “Awards,” except where referring to a particular category of grant under the Plan, shall include Incentive Stock Options, Non -Qualified Stock Options, Stock Appreciation Rights (“SAR”), Restricted Stock Awards (including preferred stock), Unrestricted Stock Awards, Restricted Stock Units or any combination of the foregoing. “Award Agreement” means a written or electronic agreement setting forth the terms and provisions applicable to an Award granted under the Plan. Each Award Agreement may contain terms and conditions in addition to those set forth in the Plan; provided, however, in the event of any conflict in the terms of the Plan and the Award Agreement, the terms of the Plan shall govern. “Board” means the Board of Directors of the Company. “Cause” shall have the meaning as set forth in the Award Agreement(s). In the case that any Award Agreement does not contain a definition of “Cause,” it shall mean (i) the grantee’s dishonest statements or acts with respect to the Company or any Affiliate of the Company, or any current or prospective customers, suppliers vendors or other third parties with which such entity does business; (ii) the grantee’s commission of (A) a felony or (B) any misdemeanor involving moral turpitude, deceit, dishonesty or fraud; (iii) the grantee’s failure to perform his assigned duties and responsibilities to the reasonable satisfaction of the Company which failure continues, in the reasonable judgment of the Company, after written notice given to the grantee by the Company; (iv) the grantee’s gross negligence, willful misconduct or insubordination with respect to the Company or any Affiliate of the Company; or (v) the grantee’s material violation of any provision of any agreement(s) between the grantee and the Company relating to noncompetition, nonsolicitation, nondisclosure and/or assignment of inventions. “Chief Executive Officer” means the Chief Executive Officer of the Company or, if there is no Chief Executive Officer, then the President of the Company. “Code” means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and any successor Code, and related rules, regulations and interpretations. “Committee” means the Committee of the Board referred to in Section 2. “Consultant” means any entity or natural person that provides bona fide services to the Company (including a Subsidiary), and such services are not in connection with the offer or sale of securities in a capital -raising transaction and do not directly or indirectly promote or maintain a market for the Company’s securities. “Disability” means such condition which renders a Person (A) unable to engage in any substantial gainful activity by reason of any medically determinable physical or mental impairment that can be expected to result in death or can be expect to last for a continuous period of not less than 12 months, (B) by reason of any medically determinable physical or mental impairment that can be expected to result in death or can be expected to last for a continuous Annex A-1 Table of Contents period of not less than 12 months, receiving income replacement benefits for a period of not less than 3 months under an accident and health plan covering employees of the Company, (C) determined to be totally disabled by the Social Security Administration, or (D) determined to be disabled under a disability insurance program which provides for a definition of disability that meets the requirements of this section. “Effective Date” means the date on which the Plan is adopted as set forth in this Plan. “Exchange Act” means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations thereunder. “Fair Market Value” of the Stock on any given date means the fair market value of the Stock determined in good faith by the Committee based on the reasonable application of a reasonable valuation method that is consistent with Section 409A of the Code. If the Stock is admitted to trade on a national securities exchange, the determination shall be made by reference to the closing price reported on such exchange. If there is no closing price for such date, the determination shall be made by reference to the last date preceding such date for which there is a closing price. If the date for which Fair Market Value is determined is the first day when trading prices for the Stock are reported on a national securities exchange, the Fair Market Value shall be the “Price to the Public” (or equivalent). “Good Reason” shall have the meaning as set forth in the Award Agreement(s). In the case that any Award Agreement does not contain a definition of “Good Reason,” it shall mean (i) a material diminution in the grantee’s base salary except for across -the -board salary reductions similarly affecting all or substantially all similarly situated employees of the Company or (ii) a change of more than 100 miles in the geographic location at which the grantee provides services to the Company, so long as the grantee provides notice of the condition giving rise to Good Reason no more than 90 days from the date on which such event occurred which gave rise to Good Reason for Termination of the Service Relationship, and the Company fails to cure such event within 30 days after such notice. “Grant Date” means the date that the Committee designates in its approval of an Award in accordance with applicable law as the date on which the Award is granted, which date may not precede the date of such Committee approval. “Holder” means, with respect to an Award or any Shares, the Person holding such Award or Shares, including the initial recipient of the Award or any Permitted Transferee. “Incentive Stock Option” means any Stock Option designated and qualified as an “incentive stock option” as defined in Section 422 of the Code. “ Non -Qualified Stock Option” means any Stock Option that is not an Incentive Stock Option. “Option” or “Stock Option” means any option to purchase shares of Stock granted pursuant to Section 5. “Permitted Transferees” shall mean any of the following to whom a Holder may transfer Shares hereunder (as set forth in Section 9(a)(ii)(A)): the Holder’s child, stepchild, grandchild, parent, step -parent , grandparent, spouse, former spouse, sibling, niece, nephew, mother -in -law , father -in -law , son -in -law , daughter -in -law , brother -in -law , or sister -in -law , including adoptive relationships, any person sharing the Holder’s household (other than a tenant or employee), a trust in which these persons have more than fifty percent of the beneficial interest, a foundation in which these persons control the management of assets, and any other entity in which these persons own more than fifty percent of the voting interests; provided, however, that any such trust does not require or permit distribution of any Shares during the term of the Award Agreement unless subject to its terms. Upon the death of the Holder, the term Permitted Transferees shall also include such deceased Holder’s estate, executors, administrators, personal representatives, heirs, legatees and distributees, as the case may be. “Person” shall mean any individual, corporation, partnership (limited or general), limited liability company, limited liability partnership, association, trust, joint venture, unincorporated organization or any similar entity. “Restricted Stock Award” means Awards granted pursuant to Section 7 and “Restricted Stock” means Shares issued pursuant to such Awards. “Restricted Stock Unit” means an Award of phantom stock units to a grantee, which may be settled in cash or Shares as determined by the Committee, pursuant to Section 8. Annex A-2 Table of Contents “Sale Event” means the consummation of i) a change in the ownership of the Company, ii) a change in effective control of the Company, or iii) a change in the ownership of a substantial portion of the assets of the Company. The occurrence of a Sale Event shall be acknowledged by the plan administrator or board of directors, by strictly applying these provisions without any discretion to deviate from the objective application of the definitions provided herein. ; provided, however, that any capital raising event, or a merger effected solely to change the Company’s domicile shall not constitute a “Sale Event.” Except as otherwise provided herein, a change in the ownership of the Company occurs on the date that any one person, or more than one person acting as a group acquires ownership of stock of the Company that, together with stock held by such person or group, constitutes more than 50 percent of the total fair market value or total voting power of the stock of the Company. However, if any one person, or more than one person acting as a group, is considered to own more than 50 percent of the total fair market value or total voting power of the stock of the Company the acquisition of additional stock by the same person or persons is not considered to cause a change in the ownership of the Company (or to cause a change in the effective control of the Company). An increase in the percentage of stock owned by any one person, or persons acting as a group, as a result of a transaction in which the corporation acquires its stock in exchange for property will be treated as an acquisition of stock for purposes of this section. This section applies only when there is a transfer of stock of the Company (or issuance of stock) which remains outstanding after the transaction. A change in the effective control of the Company occurs only on either of the following dates: (1) The date any one person, or more than one person acting as a group acquires (or has acquired during the 12 -month period ending on the date of the most recent acquisition by such person or persons) ownership of stock of the Company possessing 30 percent or more of the total voting power of the stock of the Company; (2) The date a majority of members of the Company’s board of directors is replaced during any 12 -month period by directors whose appointment or election is not endorsed by a majority of the members of the Company’s board of directors before the date of the appointment or election. A change in the ownership of a substantial portion of the Company’s assets occurs on the date that any one person, or more than one person acting as a group acquires (or has acquired during the 12- month period ending on the date of the most recent acquisition by such person or persons) assets from the Company that have a total gross fair market value equal to or more than 40 percent of the total gross fair market value of all of the assets of the Company immediately before such acquisition or acquisitions. For this purpose, gross fair market value means the value of the assets of the corporation, or the value of the assets being disposed of, determined without regard to any liabilities associated with such assets. “Section 409A” means Section 409A of the Code and the regulations and other guidance promulgated thereunder. “Securities Act” means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the rules and regulations thereunder. “Service Relationship” means any relationship as a full -time employee, part -time employee, director or other key person (including Consultants) of the Company or any Subsidiary or any successor entity (e.g., a Service Relationship shall be deemed to continue without interruption in the event an individual’s status changes from full -time employee to part -time employee or Consultant). “Shares” means shares of Stock. “Stock” means the Common Stock, par value $0.0001 per share, of the Company. “Stock Appreciation Right” means any right to receive from the Company upon exercise by an optionee or settlement, in cash, Shares, or a combination thereof, the excess of (i) the Fair Market Value of one Share on the date of exercise or settlement over (ii) the exercise price of the right on the date of grant, or if granted in connection with an Option, on the date of grant of the Option. “Subsidiary” means any corporation or other entity (other than the Company) in which the Company has more than a 50 percent interest, either directly or indirectly. “Ten Percent Owner” means an employee who owns or is deemed to own (by reason of the attribution rules of Section 424(d) of the Code) more than 10 percent of the combined voting power of all classes of stock of the Company or any parent of the Company or any Subsidiary. Annex A-3 Table of Contents “Termination Event” means the termination of the Award recipient’s Service Relationship with the Company and its Subsidiaries for any reason whatsoever, regardless of the circumstances thereof, and including, without limitation, upon death, disability, retirement, discharge or resignation for any reason, whether voluntarily or involuntarily. The following shall not constitute a Termination Event: (i) a transfer to the service of the Company from a Subsidiary or from the Company to a Subsidiary, or from one Subsidiary to another Subsidiary or (ii) an approved leave of absence for military service or sickness, or for any other purpose approved by the Committee, if the individual’s right to re -employment is guaranteed either by a statute or by contract or under the policy pursuant to which the leave of absence was granted or if the Committee otherwise so provides in writing. “Unrestricted Stock Award” means any Award granted pursuant to Section 7 and “Unrestricted Stock” means Shares issued pursuant to such Awards. SECTION 2. ADMINISTRATION OF PLAN; COMMITTEE AUTHORITY TO SELECT GRANTEES AND DETERMINE AWARDS (a) Administration of Plan . The Plan shall be administered by the Board, or at the discretion of the Board, by a committee of the Board, comprised of not less than two directors. All references herein to the “Committee” shall be deemed to refer to the group then responsible for administration of the Plan at the relevant time (i.e., either the Board of Directors or a committee or committees of the Board, as applicable). (b) Powers of Committee . The Committee shall have the power and authority to grant Awards consistent with the terms of the Plan, including the power and authority: (i) to select the individuals to whom Awards may from time to time be granted; (ii) to determine the time or times of grant, and the amount, if any, of Incentive Stock Options, Non -Qualified Stock Options, SARs, Restricted Stock Awards, Unrestricted Stock Awards, Restricted Stock Units, or any combination of the foregoing, granted to any one or more grantees; (iii) to determine the number and types of Shares to be covered by any Award and, subject to the provisions of the Plan, the price, exercise price, conversion ratio or other price relating thereto; (iv) to determine and, subject to Section 12, to modify from time to time the terms and conditions, including restrictions, not inconsistent with the terms of the Plan, of any Award, which terms and conditions may differ among individual Awards and grantees, and to approve the form of Award Agreements; (v) to accelerate at any time the exercisability or vesting of all or any portion of any Award; (vi) to impose any limitations on Awards, including limitations on transfers, repurchase provisions and the like, and to exercise repurchase rights or obligations; (vii) subject to Section 5(a)(ii) and any restrictions imposed by Section 409A, to extend at any time the period in which Stock Options may be exercised; and (viii) at any time to adopt, alter and repeal such rules, guidelines and practices for administration of the Plan and for its own acts and proceedings as it shall deem advisable; to interpret the terms and provisions of the Plan and any Award (including Award Agreements); to make all determinations it deems advisable for the administration of the Plan; to decide all disputes arising in connection with the Plan; and to otherwise supervise the administration of the Plan. All decisions and interpretations of the Committee shall be binding on all persons, including the Company and all Holders. (c) Award Agreement . Awards under the Plan shall be evidenced by Award Agreements that set forth the terms, conditions and limitations for each Award. (d) Indemnification . Neither the Board nor the Committee, nor any member of either or any delegate thereof, shall be liable for any act, omission, interpretation, construction or determination made in good faith in connection with the Plan, and the members of the Board and the Committee (and any delegate thereof) shall be entitled in all cases to indemnification and reimbursement by the Company in respect of any claim, loss, damage or expense (including, Annex A-4 Table of Contents without limitation, reasonable attorneys’ fees) arising or resulting therefrom to the fullest extent permitted by law and/or under the Company’s governing documents, including its certificate of incorporation or bylaws, or any directors’ and officers’ liability insurance coverage which may be in effect from time to time and/or any indemnification agreement between such individual and the Company. (e) Foreign Award Recipients . Notwithstanding any provision of the Plan to the contrary, in order to comply with the laws in other countries in which the Company and any Subsidiary operate or have employees or other individuals eligible for Awards, the Committee, in its sole discretion, shall have the power and authority to: (i) determine which Subsidiaries, if any, shall be covered by the Plan; (ii) determine which individuals, if any, outside the United States are eligible to participate in the Plan; (iii) modify the terms and conditions of any Award granted to individuals outside the United States to comply with applicable foreign laws; (iv) establish subplans and modify exercise procedures and other terms and procedures, to the extent the Committee determines such actions to be necessary or advisable (and such subplans and/or modifications shall be attached to the Plan as appendices); provided, however, that no such subplans and/or modifications shall increase the share limitation contained in Section 3(a) hereof; and (v) take any action, before or after an Award is made, that the Committee determines to be necessary or advisable to obtain approval or comply with any local governmental regulatory exemptions or approvals. SECTION 3. STOCK ISSUABLE UNDER THE PLAN; MERGERS AND OTHER TRANSACTIONS; SUBSTITUTION (a) Stock Issuable . The maximum number of Shares reserved and available for issuance under the Plan shall be 1,500,000 Shares, subject to adjustment as provided in Section 3(b). For purposes of this limitation, the Shares underlying any Awards that are forfeited, canceled, reacquired by the Company prior to vesting, satisfied without the issuance of Stock or otherwise terminated (other than by exercise) shall be added back to the Shares available for issuance under the Plan . Subject to such overall limitations, Shares may be issued up to such maximum number pursuant to any type or types of Award, and no more than 250,000 Shares may be issued pursuant to Incentive Stock Options. The Shares available for issuance under the Plan may be authorized but unissued Shares or Shares reacquired by the Company. The value of any Shares granted to a non -employee director of the Company, when added to any annual cash payments or awards, shall not exceed an aggregate value of four hundred thousand dollars ($400,000) in any calendar year. (b) Changes in Stock . Subject to Section 3(c) hereof, if, as a result of any reorganization, recapitalization, reclassification, stock dividend, stock split, reverse stock split or other similar change in the Company’s capital stock, the outstanding Shares are increased or decreased or are exchanged for a different number or kind of shares or other securities of the Company, or additional Shares or new or different shares or other securities of the Company or other non -cash assets are distributed with respect to such Shares or other securities, in each case, without the receipt of consideration by the Company, or, if, as a result of any merger or consolidation, or sale of all or substantially all of the assets of the Company, the outstanding Shares are converted into or exchanged for other securities of the Company or any successor entity (or a parent or subsidiary thereof), the Committee shall make an appropriate and proportionate adjustment in (i) the maximum number of Shares reserved for issuance under the Plan, (ii) the number and kind of Shares or other securities subject to any then outstanding Awards under the Plan, (iii) the repurchase price, if any, per Share subject to each outstanding Award, and (iv) the exercise price for each Share subject to any then outstanding Stock Options under the Plan, without changing the aggregate exercise price (i.e., the exercise price multiplied by the number of Stock Options) as to which such Stock Options remain exercisable. The Committee shall in any event make such adjustments as may be required by the laws of Delaware and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. The adjustment by the Committee shall be final, binding and conclusive. No fractional Shares shall be issued under the Plan resulting from any such adjustment, but the Committee in its discretion may make a cash payment in lieu of fractional shares. (c) Sale Events . (i) Options . (A) In the case of and subject to the consummation of a Sale Event, the Plan and all outstanding Options and SARs issued hereunder shall become one hundred percent (100%) vested upon the effective time of any such Sale Event. New stock options or other awards of the successor entity or parent thereof shall be substituted Annex A-5 Table of Contents therefor, with an equitable or proportionate adjustment as to the number and kind of shares and, if appropriate, the per share exercise prices, as such parties shall agree (after taking into account any acceleration hereunder and/or pursuant to the terms of any Award Agreement). (B) In the event of the termination of the Plan and all outstanding Options and SARs issued hereunder pursuant to Section 3(c), each Holder of Options shall be permitted, within a period of time prior to the consummation of the Sale Event as specified by the Committee, to exercise all such Options or SARs which are then exercisable or will become exercisable as of the effective time of the Sale Event; provided, however, that the exercise of Options not exercisable prior to the Sale Event shall be subject to the consummation of the Sale Event. (C) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in Section 3(c)(i)(A), in the event of a Sale Event, the Company shall have the right, but not the obligation, to make or provide for a cash payment to the Holders of Options, without any consent of the Holders, in exchange for the cancellation thereof, in an amount equal to the difference between (A) the value as determined by the Committee of the consideration payable per share of Stock pursuant to the Sale Event (the “Sale Price”) times the number of Shares subject to outstanding Options being cancelled (to the extent then vested and exercisable, including by reason of acceleration in connection with such Sale Event, at prices not in excess of the Sale Price) and (B) the aggregate exercise price of all such outstanding vested and exercisable Options. (ii) Restricted Stock and Restricted Stock Unit Awards . (A) In the case of and subject to the consummation of a Sale Event, all unvested Restricted Stock and unvested Restricted Stock Unit Awards issued hereunder shall become one hundred percent (100%) vested, with an equitable or proportionate adjustment as to the number and kind of shares subject to such awards as such parties shall agree (after taking into account any acceleration hereunder and/or pursuant to the terms of any Award Agreement). (B) Such Restricted Stock shall be repurchased from the Holder thereof at the then Fair Market Value of such shares, (subject to adjustment as provided in Section 3(b)) for such Shares. (C) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in Section 3(c)(ii)(A), in the event of a Sale Event, the Company shall have the right, but not the obligation, to make or provide for a cash payment to the Holders of Restricted Stock or Restricted Stock Unit Awards, without consent of the Holders, in exchange for the cancellation thereof, in an amount equal to the Sale Price times the number of Shares subject to such Awards, to be paid at the time of such Sale Event or upon the later vesting of such Awards. SECTION 4. ELIGIBILITY Grantees under the Plan will be such full or part -time officers and other employees, directors, Consultants and key persons of the Company and any Subsidiary who are selected from time to time by the Committee in its sole discretion; provided, however, that Awards shall be granted only to those individuals described in Rule 701(c) of the Securities Act. SECTION 5. STOCK OPTIONS Upon the grant of a Stock Option, the Company and the grantee shall enter into an Award Agreement. The terms and conditions of each such Award Agreement shall be determined by the Committee, and such terms and conditions may differ among individual Awards and grantees. Stock Options granted under the Plan may be either Incentive Stock Options or Non -Qualified Stock Options. Incentive Stock Options may be granted only to employees of the Company or any Subsidiary that is a “subsidiary corporation” within the meaning of Section 424(f) of the Code. To the extent that any Option does not qualify as an Incentive Stock Option, it shall be deemed a Non -Qualified Stock Option. (a) Terms of Stock Options . The Committee in its discretion may grant Stock Options to those individuals who meet the eligibility requirements of Section 4. Stock Options shall be subject to the following terms and conditions and shall contain such additional terms and conditions, not inconsistent with the terms of the Plan, as the Committee shall deem desirable. (i) Exercise Price . The exercise price per share for the Shares covered by a Stock Option shall be determined by the Committee at the time of grant but shall not be less than 100 percent of the Fair Market Value on the Grant Annex A-6 Table of Contents Date. In the case of an Incentive Stock Option that is granted to a Ten Percent Owner, the exercise price per share for the Shares covered by such Incentive Stock Option shall not be less than 110 percent of the Fair Market Value on the Grant Date. (ii) Option Term . The term of each Stock Option shall be fixed by the Committee, but no Stock Option shall be exercisable more than ten years from the Grant Date. In the case of an Incentive Stock Option that is granted to a Ten Percent Owner, the term of such Stock Option shall be no more than five years from the Grant Date. (iii) Exercisability; Rights of a Stockholder . Stock Options shall become exercisable and/or vested at such time or times, whether or not in installments, as shall be determined by the Committee at or after the Grant Date. The Award Agreement may permit a grantee to exercise all or a portion of a Stock Option immediately at grant; provided that the Shares issued upon such exercise shall be subject to restrictions and a vesting schedule identical to the vesting schedule of the related Stock Option, such Shares shall be deemed to be Restricted Stock for purposes of the Plan, and the optionee may be required to enter into an additional or new Award Agreement as a condition to exercise of such Stock Option. An optionee shall have the rights of a stockholder only as to Shares acquired upon the exercise of a Stock Option and not as to unexercised Stock Options. An optionee shall not be deemed to have acquired any Shares unless and until a Stock Option shall have been exercised pursuant to the terms of the Award Agreement and this Plan and the optionee’s name has been entered on the books of the Company as a stockholder. (iv) Method of Exercise . Stock Options may be exercised by an optionee in whole or in part, by the optionee giving written or electronic notice of exercise to the Company, specifying the number of Shares to be purchased. Payment of the purchase price may be made by one or more of the following methods (or any combination thereof) to the extent provided in the Award Agreement: (A) In cash, by certified or bank check, by wire transfer of immediately available funds, or other instrument acceptable to the Committee; (B) If permitted by the Committee, by the optionee delivering to the Company a promissory note, if the Board has expressly authorized the loan of funds to the optionee for the purpose of enabling or assisting the optionee to effect the exercise of his or her Stock Option; provided, that at least so much of the exercise price as represents the par value of the Stock shall be paid in cash if required by state law; (C) If permitted by the Committee, through the delivery (or attestation to the ownership) of Shares that have been purchased by the optionee on the open market or that are beneficially owned by the optionee and are not then subject to restrictions under any Company plan. To the extent required to avoid variable accounting treatment under applicable accounting rules, such surrendered Shares if originally purchased from the Company shall have been owned by the optionee for at least six months. Such surrendered Shares shall be valued at Fair Market Value on the exercise date; (D) If permitted by the Committee and by the optionee delivering to the Company a properly executed exercise notice together with irrevocable instructions to a broker to promptly deliver to the Company cash or a check payable and acceptable to the Company for the purchase price; provided that in the event the optionee chooses to pay the purchase price as so provided, the optionee and the broker shall comply with such procedures and enter into such agreements of indemnity and other agreements as the Committee shall prescribe as a condition of such payment procedure; or (E) If permitted by the Committee, and only with respect to Stock Options that are not Incentive Stock Options, by a “net exercise” arrangement pursuant to which the Company will reduce the number of Shares issuable upon exercise by the largest whole number of Shares with a Fair Market Value that does not exceed the aggregate exercise price. Payment instruments will be received subject to collection. No certificates for Shares so purchased will be issued to the optionee or, with respect to uncertificated Stock, no transfer to the optionee on the records of the Company will take place, until the Company has completed all steps it has deemed necessary to satisfy legal requirements relating to the issuance and sale of the Shares, which steps may include, without limitation, (i) receipt of a representation from the optionee at the time of exercise of the Option that the optionee is purchasing the Shares for the optionee’s own account and not with a view to any sale or distribution of the Shares or other representations relating to compliance with applicable law governing the issuance of securities, (ii) the legending of the certificate (or notation on any book entry) representing the Shares to evidence the foregoing restrictions, and (iii) obtaining from optionee payment or provision Annex A-7 Table of Contents for all withholding taxes due as a result of the exercise of the Option. The delivery of certificates representing the shares of Stock (or the transfer to the optionee on the records of the Company with respect to uncertificated Stock) to be purchased pursuant to the exercise of a Stock Option will be contingent upon (A) receipt from the optionee (or a purchaser acting in his or her stead in accordance with the provisions of the Stock Option) by the Company of the full purchase price for such Shares and the fulfillment of any other requirements contained in the Award Agreement or applicable provisions of laws and (B) if required by the Company, the optionee shall have entered into any stockholders agreements or other agreements with the Company and/or certain other of the Company’s stockholders relating to the Stock. In the event an optionee chooses to pay the purchase price by previously -owned Shares through the attestation method, the number of Shares transferred to the optionee upon the exercise of the Stock Option shall be net of the number of Shares attested to by the Optionee. (b) Annual Limit on Incentive Stock Options . To the extent required for “incentive stock option” treatment under Section 422 of the Code, the aggregate Fair Market Value (determined as of the Grant Date) of the Shares with respect to which Incentive Stock Options granted under the Plan and any other plan of the Company or its parent and any Subsidiary that become exercisable for the first time by an optionee during any calendar year shall not exceed $100,000 or such other limit as may be in effect from time to time under Section 422 of the Code. To the extent that any Stock Option exceeds this limit, it shall constitute a Non -Qualified Stock Option. (c) Termination . Any portion of a Stock Option that is not vested and exercisable on the date of termination of an optionee’s Service Relationship shall immediately expire and be null and void. Once any portion of the Stock Option becomes vested and exercisable, the optionee’s right to exercise such portion of the Stock Option (or the optionee’s representatives and legatees as applicable) in the event of a termination of the optionee’s Service Relationship shall continue until the earliest of: (i) the date which is: (A) 12 months following the date on which the optionee’s Service Relationship terminates due to death or Disability (or such longer period of time as determined by the Committee and set forth in the applicable Award Agreement), or (B) three months following the date on which the optionee’s Service Relationship terminates if the termination is due to any reason other than death or Disability (or such longer period of time as determined by the Committee and set forth in the applicable Award Agreement), or (ii) the Expiration Date set forth in the Award Agreement; provided that notwithstanding the foregoing, an Award Agreement may provide that if the optionee’s Service Relationship is terminated for Cause, the Stock Option shall terminate immediately and be null and void upon the date of the optionee’s termination and shall not thereafter be exercisable. SECTION 6. STOCK APPRECIATION RIGHTS The Committee is authorized to grant SARs to optionees with the following terms and conditions and with such additional terms and conditions, in either case not inconsistent with the provisions of the Plan, as the Committee shall determine — (a) SARs may be granted under the Plan to optionees either alone or in addition to other Awards granted under the Plan and may, but need not, relate to specific Option granted under Section 5. (b) The exercise price per Share under a SAR shall be determined by the Committee, provided, however, that except in the case of a substitute Award, such exercise price shall not be less than the fair market value of a Share on the date of grant of such SAR. (c) The term of each SAR shall be fixed by the Committee but shall not exceed 10 years from the date of grant of such SAR. (d) The Committee shall determine the time or times at which a SAR may be exercised or settled in whole or in part. Unless otherwise determined by the Committee or unless otherwise set forth in an Award Agreement, the provisions set forth in Section 5 above with respect to exercise of an Award following termination of service shall apply to any SAR. The Committee may specify in an Award Agreement that an “in -the -money ” SAR shall be automatically exercised on its expiration date. Annex A-8 Table of Contents SECTION 7. RESTRICTED STOCK AWARDS (a) Nature of Restricted Stock Awards . The Committee may, in its sole discretion, grant (or sell at par value or such other purchase price determined by the Committee) to an eligible individual under Section 4 hereof a Restricted Stock Award under the Plan. The Committee shall determine the restrictions and conditions applicable to each Restricted Stock Award at the time of grant. Conditions may be based on the type of stock upon which restrictions are placed, continuing employment (or other Service Relationship), achievement of pre -established performance goals and objectives and/or such other criteria as the Committee may determine. Upon the grant of a Restricted Stock Award, the Company and the grantee shall enter into an Award Agreement. The terms and conditions of each such Award Agreement shall be determined by the Committee, and such terms and conditions may differ among individual Awards and grantees. (b) Rights as a Stockholder . Upon the grant of the Restricted Stock Award and payment of any applicable purchase price, a grantee of Restricted Stock shall be considered the record owner of and shall be entitled to vote the Restricted Stock if, and to the extent, such Shares are entitled to voting rights, subject to such conditions contained in the Award Agreement. The grantee shall be entitled to receive all dividends and any other distributions declared on the Shares; provided, however, that the Company is under no duty to declare any such dividends or to make any such distribution. Unless the Committee shall otherwise determine, certificates evidencing the Restricted Stock shall remain in the possession of the Company until such Restricted Stock is vested as provided in subsection (d) below of this Section, and the grantee shall be required, as a condition of the grant, to deliver to the Company a stock power endorsed in blank and such other instruments of transfer as the Committee may prescribe. (c) Restrictions . Restricted Stock may not be sold, assigned, transferred, pledged or otherwise encumbered or disposed of except as specifically provided herein or in the Award Agreement. Except as may otherwise be provided by the Committee either in the Award Agreement or, subject to Section 12 below, in writing after the Award Agreement is issued, if a grantee’s Service Relationship with the Company and any Subsidiary terminates, the Company or its assigns shall have the right, as may be specified in the relevant instrument, to repurchase some or all of the Shares subject to the Award at such purchase price as is set forth in the Award Agreement. (d) Vesting of Restricted Stock . The Committee at the time of grant shall specify in the Award Agreement the date or dates and/or the attainment of pre -established performance goals, objectives and other conditions on which the substantial risk of forfeiture imposed shall lapse and the Restricted Stock shall become vested, subject to such further rights of the Company or its assigns as may be specified in the Award Agreement. SECTION 8. UNRESTRICTED STOCK AWARDS The Committee may, in its sole discretion, grant (or sell at par value or such other purchase price determined by the Committee) to an eligible person under Section 4 hereof an Unrestricted Stock Award under the Plan. Unrestricted Stock Awards may be granted in respect of past services or other valid consideration, or in lieu of cash compensation due to such grantee. SECTION 9. RESTRICTED STOCK UNITS (a) Nature of Restricted Stock Units . The Committee may, in its sole discretion, grant to an eligible person under Section 4 hereof Restricted Stock Units under the Plan. The Committee shall determine the restrictions and conditions applicable to each Restricted Stock Unit at the time of grant. Vesting conditions may be based on continuing employment (or other Service Relationship), achievement of pre -established performance goals and objectives which may be based on targets for revenue, revenue growth, EBITDA, net income, earnings per share and/or other such criteria as the Committee may determine. Upon the grant of Restricted Stock Units, the grantee and the Company shall enter into an Award Agreement. The terms and conditions of each such Award Agreement shall be determined by the Committee and may differ among individual Awards and grantees. On or promptly following the vesting date or dates applicable to any Restricted Stock Unit, but in no event later than March 15 of the year following the year in which such vesting occurs, such Restricted Stock Unit(s) shall be settled in the form of cash or shares of Stock, as specified in the Award Agreement. Restricted Stock Units may not be sold, assigned, transferred, pledged, or otherwise encumbered or disposed of. Annex A-9 Table of Contents (b) Rights as a Stockholder . A grantee shall have the rights of a stockholder only as to Shares, if any, acquired upon settlement of Restricted Stock Units. A grantee shall not be deemed to have acquired any such Shares unless and until the Restricted Stock Units shall have been settled in Shares pursuant to the terms of the Plan and the Award Agreement, the Company shall have issued and delivered a certificate representing the Shares to the grantee (or transferred on the records of the Company with respect to uncertificated stock), and the grantee’s name has been entered in the books of the Company as a stockholder. (c) Termination . Except as may otherwise be provided by the Committee either in the Award Agreement or in writing after the Award Agreement is issued, a grantee’s right in all Restricted Stock Units that have not vested shall automatically terminate upon the grantee’s cessation of Service Relationship with the Company and any Subsidiary for any reason. SECTION 10. TRANSFER RESTRICTIONS; COMPANY RIGHT OF FIRST REFUSAL; COMPANY REPURCHASE RIGHTS (a) Restrictions on Transfer . (i) Non -Transferability of Stock Options . Restricted Stock awards granted under Section 7, Stock Options, SARs and, prior to exercise, the Shares issuable upon exercise of such Stock Option, shall not be transferable by the optionee otherwise than by will, or by the laws of descent and distribution, and all Stock Options shall be exercisable, during the optionee’s lifetime, only by the optionee, or by the optionee’s legal representative or guardian in the event of the optionee’s incapacity. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Committee, in its sole discretion, may provide in the Award Agreement regarding a given Stock Option or Restricted Stock award that the optionee may transfer by gift, without consideration for the transfer, his or her Non -Qualified Stock Options to his or her family members (as defined in Rule 701 of the Securities Act), to trusts for the benefit of such family members, or to partnerships in which such family members are the only partners (to the extent such trusts or partnerships are considered “family members” for purposes of Rule 701 of the Securities Act), provided that the transferee agrees in writing with the Company to be bound by all of the terms and conditions of this Plan and the applicable Award Agreement, including the execution of a stock power upon the issuance of Shares. Stock Options, SARs and the Shares issuable upon exercise of such Stock Options, shall be restricted as to any pledge, hypothecation, or other transfer, including any short position, any “put equivalent position” (as defined in the Exchange Act) or any “call equivalent position” (as defined in the Exchange Act) prior to exercise. (ii) Shares . No Shares shall be sold, assigned, transferred, pledged, hypothecated, given away or in any other manner disposed of or encumbered, whether voluntarily or by operation of law, unless (i) the transfer is in compliance with the terms of the applicable Award Agreement, all applicable securities laws (including, without limitation, the Securities Act), and with the terms and conditions of this Section 9, (ii) the transfer does not cause the Company to become subject to the reporting requirements of the Exchange Act, and the transferee consents in writing to be bound by the provisions of the Plan and the Award Agreement, including this Section 10. In connection with any proposed transfer, the Committee may require the transferor to provide at the transferor’s own expense an opinion of counsel to the transferor, satisfactory to the Committee, that such transfer is in compliance with all foreign, federal and state securities laws (including, without limitation, the Securities Act). Any attempted transfer of Shares not in accordance with the terms and conditions of this Section 9 shall be null and void, and the Company shall not reflect on its records any change in record ownership of any Shares as a result of any such transfer, shall otherwise refuse to recognize any such transfer and shall not in any way give effect to any such transfer of Shares. The Company shall be entitled to seek protective orders, injunctive relief and other remedies available at law or in equity including, without limitation, seeking specific performance or the rescission of any transfer not made in strict compliance with the provisions of this Section 10. Subject to the foregoing general provisions, and unless otherwise provided in the applicable Award Agreement, Shares may be transferred pursuant to the following specific terms and conditions (provided that with respect to any transfer of Restricted Stock, all vesting and forfeiture provisions shall continue to apply with respect to the original recipient): (A) Transfers to Permitted Transferees . The Holder may transfer any or all of the Shares to one or more Permitted Transferees; provided, however, that following such transfer, such Shares shall continue to be subject to the terms of this Plan (including this Section 9) and such Permitted Transferee(s) shall, as a condition to any such transfer, deliver a written acknowledgment to that effect to the Company and shall deliver a stock power to the Annex A-10 Table of Contents Company with respect to the Shares. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Holder may not transfer any of the Shares to a Person whom the Company reasonably determines is a direct competitor or a potential competitor of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries. (B) Transfers Upon Death . Upon the death of the Holder, any Shares then held by the Holder at the time of such death and any Shares acquired after the Holder’s death by the Holder’s legal representative shall be subject to the provisions of this Plan, and the Holder’s estate, executors, administrators, personal representatives, heirs, legatees and distributees shall be obligated to convey such Shares to the Company or its assigns under the terms contemplated by the Plan and the Award Agreement. (b) Right of First Refusal . In the event that a Holder desires at any time to sell or otherwise transfer all or any part of his or her Shares (other than shares of Restricted Stock which by their terms are not transferrable), the Holder first shall give written notice to the Company of the Holder’s intention to make such transfer. Such notice shall state the number of Shares that the Holder proposes to sell (the “Offered Shares”), the price and the terms at which the proposed sale is to be made and the name and address of the proposed transferee. At any time within 30 days after the receipt of such notice by the Company, the Company or its assigns may elect to purchase all or any portion of the Offered Shares at the price and on the terms offered by the proposed transferee and specified in the notice. The Company or its assigns shall exercise this right by mailing or delivering written notice to the Holder within the foregoing 30 -day period. If the Company or its assigns elect to exercise its purchase rights under this Section 9(b), the closing for such purchase shall, in any event, take place within 45 days after the receipt by the Company of the initial notice from the Holder. In the event that the Company or its assigns do not elect to exercise such purchase right, or in the event that the Company or its assigns do not pay the full purchase price within such 45 -day period, the Holder shall be required to pay a transaction processing fee of $10,000 to the Company (unless waived by the Committee) and then may, within 60 days thereafter, sell the Offered Shares to the proposed transferee and at the same price and on the same terms as specified in the Holder’s notice. Any Shares not sold to the proposed transferee shall remain subject to the Plan. If the Holder is a party to any stockholders agreements or other agreements with the Company and/or certain other of the Company’s stockholders relating to the Shares, (i) the transferring Holder shall comply with the requirements of such stockholders agreements or other agreements relating to any proposed transfer of the Offered Shares, and (ii) any proposed transferee that purchases Offered Shares shall enter into such stockholders agreements or other agreements with the Company and/or certain of the Company’s stockholders relating to the Offered Shares on the same terms and in the same capacity as the transferring Holder. (c) Company’s Right of Repurchase . (i) Right of Repurchase for Unvested Shares Issued Upon the Exercise of an Option . Upon a Termination Event, the Company or its assigns shall have the right and option to repurchase from a Holder of Shares acquired upon exercise of a Stock Option which is still subject to a risk of forfeiture as of the Termination Event. Such repurchase rights may be exercised by the Company within the later of (A) six months following the date of such Termination Event or (B) seven months after the acquisition of Shares upon exercise of a Stock Option. The repurchase price shall be equal to the lower of the original per share price paid by the Holder, subject to adjustment as provided in Section 3(b) of the Plan, or the current Fair Market Value of such Shares as of the date the Company elects to exercise its repurchase rights. (ii) Right of Repurchase With Respect to Restricted Stock . Upon a Termination Event, the Company or its assigns shall have the right and option to repurchase from a Holder of Shares received pursuant to a Restricted Stock Award any Shares that are still subject to a risk of forfeiture as of the Termination Event. Such repurchase right may be exercised by the Company within six months following the date of such Termination Event. The repurchase price shall be the lower of the original per share purchase price paid by the Holder, subject to adjustment as provided in Section 3(b) of the Plan, or the current Fair Market Value of such Shares as of the date the Company elects to exercise its repurchase rights. (iii) Procedure . Any repurchase right of the Company shall be exercised by the Company or its assigns by giving the Holder written notice on or before the last day of the repurchase period of its intention to exercise such repurchase right. Upon such notification, the Holder shall promptly surrender to the Company, free and clear of any liens or encumbrances, any certificates representing the Shares being purchased, together with a duly executed stock power for the transfer of such Shares to the Company or the Company’s assignee or assignees. Upon the Company’s or Annex A-11 Table of Contents its assignee’s receipt of the certificates from the Holder, the Company or its assignee or assignees shall deliver to him, her or them a check for the applicable repurchase price; provided, however, that the Company may pay the repurchase price by offsetting and canceling any indebtedness then owed by the Holder to the Company. (d) Escrow Arrangement . (i) Escrow . In order to carry out the provisions of this Section 9 of this Plan more effectively, the Company shall hold any Shares issued pursuant to Awards granted under the Plan in escrow together with separate stock powers executed by the Holder in blank for transfer. The Company shall not dispose of the Shares except as otherwise provided in this Plan. In the event of any repurchase by the Company (or any of its assigns), the Company is hereby authorized by the Holder, as the Holder’s attorney -in -fact , to date and complete the stock powers necessary for the transfer of the Shares being purchased and to transfer such Shares in accordance with the terms hereof. At such time as any Shares are no longer subject to the Company’s repurchase and first refusal rights, the Company shall, at the written request of the Holder, deliver to the Holder a certificate representing such Shares with the balance of the Shares to be held in escrow pursuant to this Section. (ii) Remedy . Without limitation of any other provision of this Plan or other rights, in the event that a Holder or any other Person is required to sell a Holder’s Shares pursuant to the provisions of Sections 9(b) or (c) hereof and in the further event that he or she refuses or for any reason fails to deliver to the Company or its designated purchaser of such Shares the certificate or certificates evidencing such Shares together with a related stock power, the Company or such designated purchaser may deposit the applicable purchase price for such Shares with a bank designated by the Company, or with the Company’s independent public accounting firm, as agent or trustee, or in escrow, for such Holder or other Person, to be held by such bank or accounting firm for the benefit of and for delivery to him, her, them or it, and/or, in its discretion, pay such purchase price by offsetting any indebtedness then owed by such Holder as provided above. Upon any such deposit and/or offset by the Company or its designated purchaser of such amount and upon notice to the Person who was required to sell the Shares to be sold pursuant to the provisions of Sections 9(b) or (c), such Shares shall at such time be deemed to have been sold, assigned, transferred and conveyed to such purchaser, such Holder shall have no further rights thereto (other than the right to withdraw the payment thereof held in escrow, if applicable), and the Company shall record such transfer in its stock transfer book or in any appropriate manner. (e) Lockup Provision . If requested by the Company, a Holder shall not sell or otherwise transfer or dispose of any Shares (including, without limitation, pursuant to Rule 144 under the Securities Act) held by him or her for such period following the effective date of a public offering by the Company of Shares as the Company shall specify reasonably and in good faith. If requested by the underwriter engaged by the Company, each Holder shall execute a separate letter confirming his or her agreement to comply with this Section. (f) Adjustments for Changes in Capital Structure . If, as a result of any reorganization, recapitalization, reclassification, stock dividend, stock split, reverse stock split or other similar change in the Common Stock, the outstanding Shares are increased or decreased or are exchanged for a different number or kind of securities of the Company, the restrictions contained in this Section 9 shall apply with equal force to additional and/or substitute securities, if any, received by Holder in exchange for, or by virtue of his or her ownership of, Shares. (g) Termination . The terms and provisions of Section 9(b) and Section 9(c) (except for the Company’s right to repurchase Shares still subject to a risk of forfeiture upon a Termination Event) shall terminate upon consummation of any Sale Event, in either case as a result of which Shares are registered under Section 12 of the Exchange Act and publicly -traded on any national security exchange. SECTION 11. TAX WITHHOLDING (a) Payment by Grantee . Each grantee shall, no later than the date as of which the value of an Award or of any Shares or other amounts received thereunder first becomes includable in the gross income of the grantee for income tax purposes, pay to the Company, or make arrangements satisfactory to the Committee regarding payment of, any Federal, state, or local taxes of any kind required by law to be withheld by the Company with respect to such income. The Company and any Subsidiary shall, to the extent permitted by law, have the right to deduct any such taxes from any payment of any kind otherwise due to the grantee. The Company’s obligation to deliver stock certificates (or evidence of book entry) to any grantee is subject to and conditioned on any such tax withholding obligations being satisfied by the grantee. Annex A-12 Table of Contents (b) Payment in Stock . The Company’s minimum required tax withholding obligation may be satisfied, in whole or in part, by the Company withholding from Shares to be issued pursuant to an Award a number of Shares having an aggregate Fair Market Value (as of the date the withholding is effected) that would satisfy the minimum withholding amount due. SECTION 12. SECTION 409A AWARDS To the extent that any Award is determined to constitute “nonqualified deferred compensation” within the meaning of Section 409A (a “409A Award”), the Award shall be subject to such additional rules and requirements as may be specified by the Committee from time to time. In this regard, if any amount under a 409A Award is payable upon a “separation from service” (within the meaning of Section 409A) to a grantee who is considered a “specified employee” (within the meaning of Section 409A), then no such payment shall be made prior to the date that is the earlier of (i) six months and one day after the grantee’s separation from service, or (ii) the grantee’s death, but only to the extent such delay is necessary to prevent such payment from being subject to interest, penalties and/or additional tax imposed pursuant to Section 409A. The Company makes no representation or warranty and shall have no liability to any grantee under the Plan or any other Person with respect to any penalties or taxes under Section 409A that are, or may be, imposed with respect to any Award. It is the intent of the Board that payments and benefits under the Plan comply with or be exempt from Section 409A and the regulations and guidance promulgated thereunder and, accordingly, to the maximum extent permitted the Plan shall be interpreted to be in compliance therewith or exempt therefrom. In no event whatsoever shall the Company be liable for any additional tax, interest or penalty that may be imposed upon a Participant by Section 409A or damages to a Participant for failing to comply with Section 409A SECTION 13. AMENDMENTS AND TERMINATION The Board may, at any time, amend or discontinue the Plan and the Committee may, at any time, amend or cancel any outstanding Award for the purpose of satisfying changes in law or for any other lawful purpose, but no such action shall adversely affect rights under any outstanding Award without the consent of the holder of the Award. The Committee may exercise its discretion to reduce the exercise price of outstanding Stock Options or effect repricing through cancellation of outstanding Stock Options and by granting such holders new Awards in replacement of the cancelled Stock Options. To the extent determined by the Committee to be required either by the Code to ensure that Incentive Stock Options granted under the Plan are qualified under Section 422 of the Code or otherwise, Plan amendments shall be subject to approval by the Company stockholders entitled to vote at a meeting of stockholders. Nothing in this Section 12 shall limit the Board’s or Committee’s authority to take any action permitted pursuant to Section 3(c). The Board reserves the right to amend the Plan and/or the terms of any outstanding Stock Options to the extent reasonably necessary to comply with the requirements of the exemption pursuant to paragraph (0(4) of Rule 12h -1 of the Exchange Act. SECTION 14. STATUS OF PLAN With respect to the portion of any Award that has not been exercised and any payments in cash, Stock or other consideration not received by a grantee, a grantee shall have no rights greater than those of a general creditor of the Company unless the Committee shall otherwise expressly so determine in connection with any Award. SECTION 15. GENERAL PROVISIONS (a) No Distribution; Compliance with Legal Requirements . The Committee may require each person acquiring Shares pursuant to an Award to represent to and agree with the Company in writing that such person is acquiring the Shares without a view to distribution thereof. No Shares shall be issued pursuant to an Award until all applicable securities law and other legal and stock exchange or similar requirements have been satisfied. The Committee may require the placing of such stop -orders and restrictive legends on certificates for Stock and Awards, as it deems appropriate. (b) Delivery of Stock Certificates . Stock certificates to grantees under the Plan shall be deemed delivered for all purposes when the Company or a stock transfer agent of the Company shall have mailed such certificates in the United States mail, addressed to the grantee, at the grantee’s last known address on file with the Company; provided that stock certificates to be held in escrow pursuant to Section 9 of the Plan shall be deemed delivered when the Company shall have recorded the issuance in its records. Uncertificated Stock shall be deemed delivered for all purposes when the Company or a stock transfer agent of the Company shall have given to the grantee by electronic Annex A-13 Table of Contents mail (with proof of receipt) or by United States mail, addressed to the grantee, at the grantee’s last known address on file with the Company, notice of issuance and recorded the issuance in its records (which may include electronic “book entry” records). (c) No Employment Rights . The adoption of the Plan and the grant of Awards do not confer upon any Person any right to continued employment or Service Relationship with the Company or any Subsidiary. (d) Trading Policy Restrictions . Option exercises and other Awards under the Plan shall be subject to the Company’s insider trading policy -related restrictions, terms and conditions as may be established by the Committee, or in accordance with policies set by the Committee, from time to time. (e) Designation of Beneficiary . Each grantee to whom an Award has been made under the Plan may designate a beneficiary or beneficiaries to exercise any Award on or after the grantee’s death or receive any payment under any Award payable on or after the grantee’s death. Any such designation shall be on a form provided for that purpose by the Committee and shall not be effective until received by the Committee. If no beneficiary has been designated by a deceased grantee, or if the designated beneficiaries have predeceased the grantee, the beneficiary shall be the grantee’s estate. (f) Legend . Any certificate(s) representing the Shares shall carry substantially the following legend (and with respect to uncertificated Stock, the book entries evidencing such shares shall contain the following notation): The transferability of this certificate and the shares of stock represented hereby are subject to the restrictions, terms and conditions (including repurchase and restrictions against transfers contained in the Plan and any agreements entered into thereunder by and between the company and the holder of this certificate (a copy of which is available at the offices of the company for examination). (g) Information to Holders of Options . In the event the Company is relying on the exemption from the registration requirements of Section 12(g) of the Exchange Act contained in paragraph (f)(1) of Rule 12h -1 of the Exchange Act, the Company shall provide the information described in Rule 701(e)(3), (4) and (5) of the Securities Act to all holders of Options in accordance with the requirements thereunder. The foregoing notwithstanding, the Company shall not be required to provide such information unless the option holder has agreed in writing, on a form prescribed by the Company, to keep such information confidential. SECTION 16. EFFECTIVE DATE OF PLAN The Plan shall become effective upon adoption by the Board and shall be approved by stockholders in accordance with applicable state law and the Company’s articles of incorporation and bylaws within 12 months thereafter. If the stockholders fail to approve the Plan within 12 months after its adoption by the Board of Directors, then any Awards granted or sold under the Plan shall be rescinded and no additional grants or sales shall thereafter be made under the Plan. Subject to such approval by stockholders and to the requirement that no Shares may be issued hereunder prior to such approval, Stock Options and other Awards may be granted hereunder on and after adoption of the Plan by the Board. No grants of Stock Options and other Awards may be made hereunder after the tenth anniversary of the date the Plan is adopted by the Board or the date the Plan is approved by the Company’s stockholders, whichever is earlier. SECTION 17. GOVERNING LAW This Plan, all Awards and any controversy arising out of or relating to this Plan and all Awards shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware as to matters within the scope thereof, without regard to conflict of law principles that would result in the application of any law other than the law of the State of Delaware. DATE ADOPTED BY THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS: February 19, 2019. DATE ADOPTED BY THE SHAREHOLDERS: August 29, 2019. Annex A-14 Table of Contents 1 1 NAME THE COMPANY NAME INC. - COMMON 123,456,789,012.12345 THE COMPANY NAME INC. - CLASS A 123,456,789,012.12345 THE COMPANY NAME INC. - CLASS B 123,456,789,012.12345 THE COMPANY NAME INC. - CLASS C 123,456,789,012.12345 THE COMPANY NAME INC. - CLASS D 123,456,789,012.12345 THE COMPANY NAME INC. - CLASS E 123,456,789,012.12345 THE COMPANY NAME INC. - CLASS F 123,456,789,012.12345 THE COMPANY NAME INC. - 401 K 123,456,789,012.12345 x 02 0000000000 JOB # 1 OF 2 1 OF 2 PAGE SHARES CUSIP # SEQUENCE # THIS PROXY CARD IS VALID ONLY WHEN SIGNED AND DATED. KEEP THIS PORTION FOR YOUR RECORDS DETACH AND RETURN THIS PORTION ONLY TO VOTE, MARK BLOCKS BELOW IN BLUE OR BLACK INK AS FOLLOWS: Signature [PLEASE SIGN WITHIN BOX] Date Signature (Joint Owners) Date CONTROL # SHARES To withhold authority to vote for any individual nominee(s), mark “For All Except” and write the number(s) of the nominee(s) on the line below. 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0000520169_1 R1.0.0.177 For Withhold For All All All Except The Board of Directors recommends you vote FOR the following: 1. Election of Directors Nominees 01) Robert Liscouski 02) Robert Fagenson 03) Christopher Roberts 04) William J. McGann 05) Bertrand Velge QUANTUM COMPUTING INC. 215 DEPOT COURT SE, SUITE 215 LEESBURG, VA 20175 Investor Address Line 1 Investor Address Line 2 Investor Address Line 3 Investor Address Line 4 Investor Address Line 5 John Sample 1234 ANYWHERE STREET ANY CITY, ON A1A 1A1 Investor Address Line 1 Investor Address Line 2 Investor Address Line 3 Investor Address Line 4 Investor Address Line 5 John Sample 1234 ANYWHERE STREET ANY CITY, ON A1A 1A1 VOTE BY INTERNET - www.proxyvote.com Use the Internet to transmit your voting instructions and for electronic delivery of information. Vote by 11:59 P.M. ET on 10/26/2021. Have your proxy card in hand when you access the web site and follow the instructions to obtain your records and to create an electronic voting instruction form. ELECTRONIC DELIVERY OF FUTURE PROXY MATERIALS If you would like to reduce the costs incurred by our company in mailing proxy materials, you can consent to receiving all future proxy statements, proxy cards and annual reports electronically via e -mail or the Internet. To sign up for electronic delivery, please follow the instructions above to vote using the Internet and, when prompted, indicate that you agree to receive or access proxy materials electronically in future years. VOTE BY PHONE - 1 -800-690-6903 Use any touch -tone telephone to transmit your voting instructions. Vote by 11:59 P.M. ET on 10/26/2021. Have your proxy card in hand when you call and then follow the instructions. VOTE BY MAIL Mark, sign and date your proxy card and return it in the postage -paid envelope we have provided or return it to Vote Processing, c/o Broadridge, 51 Mercedes Way, Edgewood, NY 11717. The Board of Directors recommends you vote FOR proposals 2 and 3. For Against Abstain 2. To approve an amendment to the Company’s 2019 Equity and Incentive Plan to increase the maximum number of shares available from 1,500,000 3,000,000. 3. To approve, on a non -binding basis, the compensation of the Company’s executive officers. The Board of Directors recommends you vote 1 YEAR on the following proposal: 1 year 2 years 3 years Abstain 4. To recommend, on a non -binding advisory basis, the frequency of future advisory votes on the compensation of the Company’s executive officers. The Board of Directors recommends you vote FOR the following proposal: For Against Abstain 5. To ratify the selection of BF Borgers CPA PC as the Company’s independent registered public accounting firm for the fiscal year ending December 31, 2021. NOTE: To transact such other business as may properly come before the meeting. Please sign exactly as your name(s) appear(s) hereon. When signing as attorney, executor, administrator, or other fiduciary, please give full title as such. Joint owners should each sign personally. All holders must sign. If a corporation or partnership, please sign in full corporate or partnership name by authorized officer. Yes No Please indicate if you plan to attend this meeting Table of Contents 0000520169_2 R1.0.0.177 Important Notice Regarding the Availability of Proxy Materials for the Annual Meeting: The Notice and Proxy Statement and Form 10 -K are available at www.proxyvote.com QUANTUM COMPUTING INC. Annual Meeting of Shareholders November 12, 2021 10:00 AM This proxy is solicited by the Board of Directors The shareholder(s) hereby appoint(s) Robert Liscouski as proxy, with the power to appoint his substitute, and hereby authorize him to represent and to vote, as designated on the reverse side of this ballot, all of the shares of Common stock of QUANTUM COMPUTING INC. that the shareholder(s) is/are entitled to vote at the Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be held at 10:00 AM, EDT on November 12, 2021, at 215 Depot Court SE, Leesburg, VA 20175, and any adjournment or postponement thereof. This proxy, when properly executed, will be voted in the manner directed herein. If no such direction is made, this proxy will be voted in accordance with the Board of Directors’ recommendations. Continued and to be signed on reverse side Table of Contents Your Vote Counts! Get informed before you vote View the Notice of Proxy Statement, Annual Report,1234567890123456789012345678901234567890, 123456789012345678 9012345678901234567890, 1234567890123456789012345678901234567890, 12345678901234567890123456789012345 67890 online OR you can receive a free paper copy of voting material(s) by requesting prior to <matcutoff>. If you would like to request a copy of the voting material(s), you may (1) visit www.ProxyVote.com, (2) call 1 -800-579-1639 or (3) send an email to sendmaterial@proxyvote.com. If sending an email, please include your control number (indicated below) in the subject line. Smartphone users Point your camera here and vote without entering a control number For complete information and to vote, visit www.ProxyVote.com Control # FLASHID -JOB # Ricky Campana P.O. Box 123456 Suite 500 51 Mercedes Way Edgewood, NY 11717 1 OF 2 322,224 148,294 30# XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX QUANTUM COMPUTING INC. 2021 Annual Meeting Vote by November 11, 2021 11:59 PM ET QUANTUM COMPUTING INC. 215 DEPOT COURT SE, SUITE 215 LEESBURG, VA 20175 You invested in QUANTUM COMPUTING INC. and it’s time to vote! You have the right to vote on proposals being presented at the Annual Meeting. This is an important notice regarding the availability of proxy material for the shareholder meeting to be held on November 12, 2021. & Proxy Statement, Form 10 -K online OR you can receive a free paper or email copy of the material(s) by requesting prior to October 13, 2021. If you would like to request a copy of the material(s) for this and/or future shareholder meetings, you may (1) visit www.ProxyVote.com, (2) call 1 -800-579-1639 or (3) send an email to sendmaterial@proxyvote.com. sending an email, please include your control number (indicated below) in the subject line. Unless requested, you will not otherwise receive a paper or email copy. Vote in Person at the Meeting* November 12, 2021 10:00 AM EDT 215 Depot Court SE Leesburg, VA 20175 *Please check the meeting materials for any special requirements for meeting attendance. At the meeting, you will need to request a ballot to vote these shares. Table of Contents THIS IS NOT A VOTABLE BALLOT This is an overview of the proposals being presented at the Vote at www.ProxyVote.com Prefer to receive an email instead? While voting on www.ProxyVote.com, be sure to click “Sign up for E -delivery ”. Voting Items Board Recommends FLASHID -JOB # Control # XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX THE COMPANY NAME INC. - COMMON ASDFGHJKL 123456789.1234 THE COMPANY NAME INC. - CLASS A 123456789.1234 THE COMPANY NAME INC. - CLASS B 123456789.1234 THE COMPANY NAME INC. - CLASS C 123456789.1234 THE COMPANY NAME INC. - CLASS D 123456789.1234 THE COMPANY NAME INC. - CLASS E 123456789.1234 THE COMPANY NAME INC. - CLASS F 123456789.1234 THE COMPANY NAME INC. - 401 K 123456789.1234 SHARE CLASSES REPRESENTED FOR VOTING upcoming shareholder meeting. Please follow the instructions on the reverse side to vote these important matters. 1. Election of Directors Nominees: 01) Robert Liscouski 03) Christopher Roberts 05) Bertrand Velge 02) Robert Fagenson 04) William J. McGann For 2. To approve an amendment to the Company’s 2019 Equity and Incentive Plan to increase the maximum number of shares available from 1,500,000 to 3,000,000. For 3. To approve, on a non -binding basis, the compensation of the Company’s executive officers. For 4. To recommend, on a non -binding advisory basis, the frequency of future advisory votes on the compensation of the Company’s executive officers. Year 5. To ratify the selection of BF Borgers CPA PC as the Company’s independent registered public accounting firm for the fiscal year ending December 31, 2021. For NOTE: To transact such other business as may properly come before the meeting.