0001758009 false --12-31 0001758009 2021-11-10 2021-11-10 iso4217:USD xbrli:shares iso4217:USD xbrli:shares UNITED
STATES SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington,
D.C. 20549 FORM 8-K CURRENT REPORT Pursuant to Section 13 OR 15(d) of The Securities
and Exchange Act of 1934 Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported): November 10, 2021 QUANTUM
COMPUTING INC. (Exact name of registrant as specified in its
charter) Delaware | 000-56015 | 82-4533053
(State or Other Jurisdiction | (Commission File Number) | (I.R.S. Employer
of Incorporation) | Identification No.) 215 Depot Court SE , Suite 215 Leesburg , VA 20175 (Address of Principal Executive Office) (Zip
Code) (703) 436-2161 (Registrant’s telephone number, including
area code) (Former Name or Address, if Changed Since Last
Report) Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K
filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions: ☐ | Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425) ☐ | Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12) ☐ | Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b)) ☐ | Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c)) Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Title of each class | Trading Symbol(s) | Name of each exchange on which registered
Common Stock, par value $.0001 | QUBT | The Nasdaq Capital Market Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (§230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (§240.12b-2 of this chapter). Emerging growth company ☐ If an emerging growth company, indicate by checkmark
if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards
provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. ☐ Item 1.01. Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement. Securities Purchase Agreement From November 10, 2021 through November 17, 2021,
Quantum Computing Inc. (the “Company”), conducted a private placement offering (the “Private Placement”) pursuant
to securities purchase agreements (the “Purchase Agreements”) with 7 accredited investors (the “Investors”), whereby,
the Investors had agreed to purchase from the Company an aggregate of 1,545,459 shares of the Company’s newly created Series A Convertible
Preferred Stock, par value $0.0001 per share (the “Series A Preferred Stock”) and warrants to purchase 1,545,459 shares of
the Company’s common stock for an aggregate purchase price of $8,500,000. The Private Placement was completed and closed to further
investment on November 17, 2021. The number of shares of Common Stock issuable upon
conversion of any share of Series A Preferred Stock pursuant shall be determined by dividing (x) the Conversion Amount of such share of
Series A Preferred Stock by (y) the Conversion Price (the “Conversion Rate”). Conversion Amount means, with respect to each
share of Series A Preferred Stock, as of the applicable date of determination, the sum of (1) the Stated Value thereof plus (2) any accrued
dividends. "Conversion Price” means, with respect to each share of Series A Preferred Stock, as of any Optional Conversion
Date, Mandatory Conversion Date or other date of determination, $5.50, subject to adjustment for stock splits, dividends, recapitalizations
and similar corporate events. The Warrants are two year warrants to purchase shares
of the Company’s Common Stock at an exercise price of $7.00 per share, subject to adjustment, and are exercisable at any time on
or after the date that is six (6) months following the issuance date. The Warrants provide for cashless exercise in the event the underlying
shares of common stock are not registered. The Company intends to use the proceeds from the financing
for working capital purposes. The representations and warranties contained in
the Purchase Agreement were made by the parties to, and solely for the benefit of, the other in the context of all of the terms and conditions
of the Purchase Agreement and in the context of the specific relationship between the parties. The provisions of the Purchase Agreement,
including the representations and warranties contained therein, are not for the benefit of any party other than the parties to the Purchase
Agreement. The Purchase Agreement is not intended for investors and the public to obtain factual information about the current state of
affairs of the parties. In connection with the Purchase Agreement, the
Company and the Investors entered into a registration rights agreement (the “Registration Rights Agreement”) pursuant to which
the Company agreed to file a registration statement to register the shares of the Company’s Common Stock underlying the Series A
Preferred Stock and Warrants within 180 days. Pursuant to the Registration Rights Agreement, the Investors received certain rights, including
but not limited to piggyback registration rights, providing that the holder be given notice of any proposed registration of securities
by the Company, and requiring that the Company register all or any portion of the registrable securities that the holders request to be
registered, in each case, subject to the terms and conditions of the Registration Rights Agreement. Item 1.01 of this Current Report on Form 8-K contains
only a brief description of the material terms of the Purchase Agreement, Warrants and Registration Rights Agreement and does not purport
to be a complete description of the rights and obligations of the parties thereunder, and such description is qualified in its entirety
by reference to the full text of the Purchase Agreement, Warrants and Registration Rights Agreement, the forms of which are attached as
Exhibits 10.1, 10.2 and 10.3, respectively, to this Current Report on Form 8-K, and are incorporated herein by reference. 1 Item 3.02 Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities. The information set forth in Item 1.01 of this
Current Report on Form 8-K is incorporated by reference into this Item 3.02. The Series A Preferred Stock and the Warrants
were not registered under the Securities Act, but qualified for exemption under Section 4(a)(2) and/or Regulation D of the Securities
Act. The securities were exempt from registration under Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act because the issuance of such securities
by the Company did not involve a “public offering,” as defined in Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act, due to the insubstantial
number of persons involved in the transaction, size of the offering, manner of the offering and number of securities offered. The Company
did not undertake an offering in which it sold a high number of securities to a high number of investors. In addition, the Investors had
the necessary investment intent as required by Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act since the Investors agreed to, and received, the
securities bearing a legend stating that such securities are restricted pursuant to Rule 144 of the Securities Act. This restriction ensures
that these securities would not be immediately redistributed into the market and therefore not be part of a “public offering.”
Based on an analysis of the above factors, the Company has met the requirements to qualify for exemption under Section 4(a)(2) of the
Securities Act. Item 3.03 Material Modification to Rights of Security Holders. The information set forth in Item 1.01 and Item
3.02 of this Current Report on Form 8-K is incorporated by reference into this Item 3.03. On November 10, 2021, the Secretary of State of
the State of Delaware delivered confirmation of the effective filing of the Company’s Certificate of Designations of the Series
A Convertible Preferred Stock, which established 2,000,000 shares of the Company’s Series A Preferred Stock, having such designations,
rights and preferences as set forth therein (the “Series A Designations”). Each holder of Series A Preferred Stock shall
be entitled to receive, with respect to each share of Series A Preferred Stock then outstanding and held by such holder, dividends at
the rate of ten percent (10%) per annum (the “ Preferred Dividends ”). The Preferred Dividends shall accrue and be cumulative
from and after the date of issuance of any share of Series A Preferred Stock on a monthly basis in in arrears. The Preferred Dividends
are payable only when, as, and if declared by the Company and the Company has no obligation to pay such Preferred Dividends. The Company
shall have the option in its sole discretion to pay any dividends owning on the Series A Preferred Stock in the form of Common Stock,
at a price per share of Common Stock equal to the average of the Closing Sale Price of the Common Stock for the five (5) Trading Days
preceding the applicable Dividend Payment Date (as defined in the Series A Designations). The holders of Series A Preferred Stock rank senior
with respect to the preferences as to dividends, distributions and payments upon the liquidation, dissolution and winding up of the Company
and all other shares of capital stock of the Company, including all other outstanding shares of preferred stock, shall be junior in rank
to all Series A Preferred Stock with respect to the preferences as to dividends, distributions and payments upon the liquidation, dissolution
and winding up of the Company. The Company shall have the right (but not the obligation),
following the date that is seven months after the issuance date, to redeem all or part of the Series A Preferred Stock. The redemption
price per share of Series A Preferred Stock payable by the Company shall equal (i) for the period beginning on the date that is seven
months after the issuance date and ending on the date that is two years after the issuance date, the product of 1.1 times the Stated Value,
and (ii) for the period following the date that is two years after the issuance date, the Stated Value. In addition, the Company will not take certain
corporate actions without the affirmative vote at a meeting (or the written consent with or without a meeting) of the purchasers holding
a majority of the shares of Series A Preferred Stock then outstanding. The foregoing description of the Series A Designations
does not purport to be complete and is subject to, and qualified in its entirety by the Series A Designations, a copy of which is attached
as Exhibit 3.1 to this Current Report on Form 8-K and incorporated herein by reference. 2 Item 5.03 Amendments to Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws; Change in Fiscal Year. The information set forth in Item 1.01, item 3.02
and Item 3.03 of this Current Report on Form 8-K is incorporated by reference into this Item 5.03. Item 9.01. Financial Statements and Exhibits. (d) Exhibits . Exhibit Number | Description
3.1 | Certificate of Designations of the Series A Convertible Preferred Stock
10.1 | Form Securities Purchase Agreement
10.2 | Form of Warrant
10.3 | Form of Registration Rights Agreement
104 | Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document). 3 SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, hereunto duly authorized. QUANTUM COMPUTING INC.
Dated: November 17, 2021 | By: | /s/ Christopher Roberts
Christopher Roberts Chief Financial Officer 4