false 0001836833 0001836833 2025-09-08 2025-09-08 0001836833 us-gaap:CommonStockMember 2025-09-08 2025-09-08 0001836833 pl:WarrantsToPurchaseClassACommonStockAtAnExercisePriceOf1150PerShareMember 2025-09-08 2025-09-08 UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 FORM 8-K CURRENT REPORT Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of The Securities Exchange Act of 1934 September 8, 2025 Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported) Planet Labs PBC (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) Delaware | 001-40166 | 85-4299396
(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation) | (Commission File Number) | (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 645 Harrison Street , Floor 4 San Francisco , California 94107 (Address of principal executive offices, including zip code) ( 415 ) 829-3313 (Registrant’s telephone number, including area code) Not Applicable (Former name or former address, if changed since last report) Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the
 following provisions (see General Instruction A.2. below): ☐ | Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425) ☐ | Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12) ☐ | Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b)) ☐ | Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c)) Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Title of each class: | Trading Symbol: | Name of each exchange on which registered:
Class A Common Stock, par value $0.0001 per share | PL | NYSE
Warrants to purchase Class A Common Stock, at an exercise price of $11.50 per share | PL WS | NYSE Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (§230.405 of this chapter)
 or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (§240.12b-2 of this chapter). Emerging growth company ☐ If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new
 or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. ☐ Item 1.01 | Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement. Convertible Notes and the Indenture On September 12, 2025, Planet Labs PBC (the “Company”) issued $460 million in aggregate principal amount of its 0.50% Convertible Senior Notes due 2030 (the “Notes”)
 pursuant to an indenture (the “Indenture”), dated September 12, 2025, between the Company and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as trustee. The Notes will bear interest from September 12, 2025 at a rate of 0.50% per annum, payable semiannually in arrears on April 15 and October 15 of each year, beginning on
 April 15, 2026. The Notes may bear additional interest under specified circumstances relating to the Company’s failure to comply with its reporting obligations under the Indenture. The Notes will mature on October 15, 2030, unless earlier converted,
 redeemed or repurchased pursuant to their terms. The initial conversion rate of the Notes is 83.6715 shares of the Company’s Class A common stock, par value $0.0001 per share (“Common Stock”), per $1,000 principal amount
 of Notes (which is equivalent to an initial conversion price of approximately $11.95 per share). The conversion rate will be subject to adjustment upon the occurrence of certain specified events but will not be adjusted for any accrued and unpaid
 interest. In addition, upon the occurrence of a make-whole fundamental change (as defined in the Indenture) or delivery of a notice of redemption, the Company will, under certain circumstances, increase the conversion rate by a number of additional
 shares for Notes converted in connection with such make-whole fundamental change or (x) Notes called (or deemed called) for redemption or (y) all Notes, if the Company makes an “all notes election” (as defined in the Indenture), irrespective of
 whether they are called (or deemed called) for redemption that are converted, in each case, in connection with such notice of redemption. Prior to the close of business on the business day immediately preceding July 15, 2030, the Notes will be convertible only under the following conditions: (1) during any
 fiscal quarter commencing after the fiscal quarter ending on January 31, 2026, and only during such fiscal quarter, if the last reported sale price of the Common Stock for at least 20 trading days (whether or not consecutive) during a period of 30
 consecutive trading days ending on, and including, the last trading day of the immediately preceding fiscal quarter is greater than or equal to 130% of the conversion price on each applicable trading day; (2) during the five business-day period after
 any five consecutive trading-day period in which the trading price (as defined in the Indenture) per $1,000 principal amount of Notes for each trading day of such five consecutive trading-day period was less than 98% of the product of the last
 reported sale price of the Common Stock and the conversion rate on each such trading day; (3) if the Company issues a notice of redemption, at any time prior to the close of business on the scheduled trading day immediately preceding the redemption
 date, but only with respect to the Notes called (or deemed called) for redemption, unless the Company makes an “all notes election”; or (4) upon the occurrence of specified corporate events. On or after July 15, 2030, until the close of business on
 the second scheduled trading day immediately preceding the maturity date, holders of the Notes may convert all or any portion of their Notes at any time, in integral multiples of $1,000 principal amount, at the option of the holder regardless of the
 foregoing conditions. Upon conversion, the Company will pay or deliver, as the case may be, either cash, shares of Common Stock or a combination of cash and shares of Common Stock, at the Company’s election. The Company may not redeem the Notes prior to October 20, 2028. On or after October 20, 2028, the Company may redeem for cash all or any portion of the Notes (subject to
 certain limitations described in the Indenture), at its option, if the “liquidity condition” (as defined in the Indenture) is satisfied and the last reported sale price of the Common Stock has been at least 130% of the conversion price for the Notes
 then in effect for at least 20 trading days (whether or not consecutive) during any 30 consecutive trading-day period (including the last trading day of such period) ending on, and including, the trading day immediately preceding the date on which
 the Company provides a notice of redemption at a redemption price equal to 100% of the principal amount of the Notes to be redeemed, plus any accrued and unpaid interest to, but excluding, the redemption date. If the Company redeems less than all of
 the outstanding Notes, at least $100.0 million aggregate principal amount of Notes must be outstanding and not subject to redemption as of, and after giving effect to, delivery of the relevant notice of redemption (unless the Company makes an “all
 notes election” with respect to such partial redemption, in which case such partial redemption limitation shall not apply). No sinking fund is provided for the Notes. Upon the occurrence of a fundamental change (as defined in the Indenture) prior to the maturity date, holders may require the Company to repurchase all or a portion of the
 Notes for cash at a price equal to 100% of the principal amount of the Notes to be repurchased, plus any accrued and unpaid interest to, but excluding, the fundamental change repurchase date. The Notes are the Company’s general unsecured obligations and will rank senior in right of payment to any of the Company’s future indebtedness that is expressly
 subordinated in right of payment to the Notes; equal in right of payment with all of the Company’s liabilities that are not so subordinated; effectively junior to any of the Company’s future secured indebtedness to the extent of the value of the
 assets securing such indebtedness; and structurally junior to all indebtedness and other liabilities (including trade payables) of current or future subsidiaries of the Company. The following events are considered “events of default” with respect to the Notes, which may result in the acceleration of the maturity of the Notes: (1) the Company defaults in the payment of interest on any Note when due and payable and the default continues for a period of 30 days; (2) the Company defaults in the payment of any principal of any Note when due and payable at its stated maturity, upon optional redemption, upon any
 required repurchase, upon declaration of acceleration or otherwise; (3) failure by the Company to comply with its obligation to convert the Notes in accordance with the Indenture upon exercise of a holder’s conversion
 right, and such failure continues for a period of five business days; (4) failure by the Company to give (i) a fundamental change notice or notice of a make-whole fundamental change in accordance with the Indenture, in
 either case when due and such failure continues for five business days, or (ii) notice of a specified corporate transaction in accordance with the Indenture when due and such failure continues for three business days; (5) failure by the Company to comply with any of its obligations under the Indenture with respect to consolidation, merger, sale, conveyance, transfer
 and lease of assets of the Company; (6) failure by the Company for a period of 60 days after written notice from the trustee or the holders of at least 25% in principal amount of the Notes
 then outstanding has been received to comply with any of its other agreements contained in the Notes or the Indenture; (7) default by the Company or any significant subsidiary (as defined in the Indenture) with respect to any mortgage, agreement or other instrument under
 which there is outstanding, or by which there may be secured or evidenced, any indebtedness for money borrowed with principal amount in excess of $25.0 million (or its foreign currency equivalent) in the aggregate of the Company or any such
 significant subsidiary, whether such indebtedness now exists or is hereafter created (i) resulting in such indebtedness becoming or being declared due and payable prior to its stated maturity date or (ii) constituting a failure to pay the principal
 of any such indebtedness when due and payable (after the expiration of all applicable grace periods) at its stated maturity, upon required repurchase, upon declaration of acceleration or otherwise, in each case, and such acceleration shall not have
 been rescinded or annulled or such failure to pay or default shall not have been cured or waived, or such indebtedness is not paid or discharged, as the case may be, within 45 days after written notice to the Company by the trustee or to the Company
 and the trustee by the holders of at least 25% in aggregate principal amount of Notes then outstanding in accordance with the Indenture; and (8) certain events of bankruptcy, insolvency or reorganization of the Company or any significant subsidiary. If such an event of default, other than an event of default described in clause (8) above with respect to the Company, occurs and is continuing, the trustee by written
 notice to the Company, or the holders of at least 25% in aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Notes by notice to the Company and the trustee, may declare 100% of the principal of and accrued and unpaid interest, if any, on all the Notes then
 outstanding to be due and payable. If an event of default described in clause (8) above with respect to the Company occurs, 100% of the principal of and accrued and unpaid interest, if any, on the Notes then outstanding will automatically become due
 and payable. The net proceeds from the offering were approximately $445.8 million, after deducting the Initial Purchasers’ (as defined
 below) discounts and commissions and the Company’s estimated offering expenses related to the offering. The Company used approximately $39.6 million of the net proceeds
 from the offering to pay the cost of the Capped Call Transactions (as defined below). The Company
 intends to use the remainder of the net proceeds from the offering for general corporate purposes. The foregoing description is qualified in its entirety by reference to the text of the Indenture and the Form of 0.50% Convertible Senior Notes due 2030, which are attached
 as Exhibits 4.1 and 4.2, respectively, to this Current Report on Form 8-K and are incorporated herein by reference. Capped Call Transactions In connection with the offering of the Notes, on September 9, 2025, and on September 10, 2025 in connection with the Initial Purchasers’ exercise of the option to purchase
 Additional Notes (as defined below), the Company entered into privately negotiated capped call transactions with each of Barclays Bank PLC, through its agent Barclays Capital Inc., HSBC Bank USA, National Association, The Bank of Nova Scotia and The
 Toronto-Dominion Bank, through its agent TD Securities (USA) LLC (the “Capped Call Transactions”). The Capped Call Transactions cover, subject to anti-dilution adjustments, the number of shares of the Common Stock underlying the Notes sold. The
 Capped Call Transactions are expected generally to reduce the potential dilution to the Common Stock upon any conversion of Notes and/or offset any cash payments the Company is required to make in excess of the principal amount of converted Notes, as
 the case may be, in the event that the market price per share of the Common Stock, as measured under the terms of the Capped Call Transactions, is greater than the strike price of the Capped Call Transactions, with such reduction and/or offset
 subject to a cap. The Capped Call Transactions each have an initial cap price of $18.04 per share, which represents a premium of 100% over the last reported sale price of the Common Stock of $9.02 per share on September 9, 2025, and is subject to
 certain adjustments under the terms of the Capped Call Transactions. The description of the Capped Call Transactions contained herein is qualified in its entirety by reference to the Form of Capped Call Confirmation attached as Exhibit 10.1
 to this Current Report on Form 8-K and incorporated herein by reference. Item 2.03 | Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant. The information set forth under Item 1.01 is incorporated herein by reference. Item 3.02 | Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities. The information set forth under Item 1.01 is incorporated herein by reference. On September 9, 2025, the Company entered into a purchase agreement (the “Purchase Agreement”) with Barclays Capital Inc. and Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC, as
 representatives of the several initial purchasers named therein (collectively, the “Initial Purchasers”), to issue and sell $400 million in aggregate principal amount of the Notes. In addition, the Company granted the Initial Purchasers an option to
 purchase up to an additional $60 million in aggregate principal amount of Notes on the same terms and conditions (the “Additional Notes”), solely to cover over-allotments. The Initial Purchasers notified the Company of their election to exercise
 their option in full on September 10, 2025. The Purchase Agreement includes customary representations, warranties, and covenants by the Company and customary closing conditions. Under the terms of the Purchase
 Agreement, the Company has agreed to indemnify the Initial Purchasers against certain liabilities. The Company offered and sold the Notes to the Initial Purchasers in reliance on the exemption from the registration requirements provided by Section 4(a)(2) of the
 Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”), and for resale by the Initial Purchasers to persons reasonably believed to be qualified institutional buyers pursuant to the exemption from registration requirements provided by Rule 144A
 under the Securities Act. The Company relied on these exemptions from registration based in part on representations made by the Initial Purchasers in the Purchase Agreement. The shares of the Common Stock issuable upon conversion of the Notes, if
 any, have not been registered under the Securities Act and may not be offered or sold in the United States absent registration or an applicable exemption from registration requirements. To the extent that any shares of the Common Stock are issued upon conversion of the Notes, they will be issued in transactions anticipated to be exempt from registration
 under the Securities Act by virtue of Section 3(a)(9) thereof, because no commission or other remuneration is expected to be paid in connection with conversion of the Notes and any resulting issuance of shares of the Common Stock. Item 8.01 | Other Events. Launch Press Release On September 8, 2025, the Company issued a press release announcing its intention to offer $300 million aggregate principal amount of convertible senior notes in a private
 placement to persons reasonably believed to be qualified institutional buyers pursuant to Rule 144A under the Securities Act. A copy of the press release is attached as Exhibit 99.1 to this Current Report on Form 8-K and is incorporated herein by
 reference. Pricing Press Release On September 9, 2025, the Company issued a press release announcing the upsize and pricing of its offering of $400 million aggregate principal amount of the Notes in a
 private placement to persons reasonably believed to be qualified institutional buyers pursuant to Rule 144A under the Securities Act. A copy of the press release is attached as Exhibit 99.2 to this Current Report on Form 8-K and is incorporated
 herein by reference. Item 9.01 | Financial Statements and Exhibits. (d) Exhibits. Exhibit No. | Description
4.1 | Indenture, dated September 12, 2025, between Planet Labs PBC and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association.
4.2 | Form of 0.50% Convertible Senior Note due 2030 (included in Exhibit 4.1).
10.1 | Form of Capped Call Confirmation.
99.1 | Press Release, dated September 8, 2025.
99.2 | Press Release, dated September 9, 2025.
104 | Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as inline XBRL). SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by
 the undersigned hereunto duly authorized. Planet Labs PBC
Dated: September 12 , 2025 | By: | /s/ Ashley Johnson
Ashley Johnson
President and Chief Financial Officer