10-K 1 tv489318_10k.htm FORM 10-K UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 FORM 10-K (Mark One) x ANNUAL REPORT
PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the fiscal year ended December 31, 2017 OR ¨ TRANSITION
REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the transition period from __________ to __________ Commission file number: 001-34887 Net Element,
Inc. (Exact name of registrant as specified in
its charter) Delaware | 90-1025599
(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) | (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 3363 NE 163 rd Street, Suite 705 North Miami Beach, FL | 33160
(Address of principal executive offices) | (Zip Code) Registrant’s telephone number, including
area code: (305) 507-8808 Securities registered under Section 12(b)
of the Exchange Act: Title of each class | Name of each exchange on which registered
Common Stock, par value $0.0001 per share | NASDAQ Capital Market Securities registered under Section 12(g)
of the Exchange Act: Warrants, each exercisable for one share of Common Stock
(Title of class) Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned
issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. ¨ YES x NO Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to
file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. ¨ YES x NO Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
(1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding
12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such
filing requirements for the past 90 days. x YES ¨ NO Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted
and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (§ 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such
shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). x YES ¨ NO Indicate by check mark if disclosure of
delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K (§ 229.405 of this chapter) is not contained herein, and will not
be contained, to the best of registrant’s knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference
in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K. ¨ Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth
company. See the definitions of "large accelerated filer," "accelerated filer," "smaller reporting company,"
and “emerging growth company” in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. Large accelerated filer ¨ | Accelerated filer ¨
Non-accelerated filer ¨ (Do not check if a smaller reporting company) | Smaller reporting company x
Emerging growth company ¨ If an emerging growth company,
indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or
revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. ¨ Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). ¨ YES x NO The aggregate market value of the registrant’s
common equity, other than shares held by persons who may be deemed affiliates of the registrant, as of June 30, 2017 was approximately
$8,996,491. The registrant had 3,862,352 shares of common
stock outstanding as of March 29, 2018. DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE None. Forward-Looking Statements This Annual Report on Form 10-K (this “Report”),
including the section entitled “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Conditions and Results of Operation”
and “Risk Factors”, contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of
1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. You should not rely upon forward-looking
statements as predictions of future events. The events and circumstances reflected in the forward-looking statements may not be
achieved or occur. All statements other than statements of historical fact, including, statements regarding our future results
of operations and financial position, our business strategy and plans, our objectives for future operations, and any statements
of a general economic or industry specific nature, are forward-looking statements. You can identify forward-looking statements
by the fact that they do not relate strictly to historical or current facts. Forward-looking statements generally are identified
by the words “expects,” “anticipates,” “believes,” “intends,” “estimates,”
“aims,” “plans,” “may,” “will,” “continue,” “seeks,” “should,”
“believe,” “potential” or the negative of such terms and similar expressions. We have based these forward-looking
statements largely on our current expectations and projections about future events and trends that we believe, based on information
currently available to our management, may affect our financial condition, results of operations, business strategy, short-term
and long-term business operations and objectives, and financial needs. These forward-looking statements are subject to a number
of risks, uncertainties and assumptions, including those described in the "Risk Factors" section in Part I, Item 1A of
this Report. Moreover, we operate in a very competitive and rapidly changing environment. If these or other risks and uncertainties (including those described
in Part I, Item 1A of this Report and the Company’s subsequent filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the
“SEC” or the “Commission”)) materialize, or if the assumptions underlying any of these statements prove
incorrect, the Company’s actual results may be materially different from those expressed or implied by such statements. We
undertake no obligation to publicly revise any forward-looking statement to reflect circumstances or events after the date of this
Report to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events. You should, however, review the factors and risks described in the reports
we file from time-to-time with the SEC after the date of this Report. These factors include, among other factors: ■ | the impact of any new or changes made to laws, regulations, card network rules or other industry standards affecting our business;
■ | the impact of any significant chargeback liability and liability for merchant or customer fraud, which we may not be able to accurately anticipate and/or collect;
■ | our ability to secure or successfully migrate merchant portfolios to new bank sponsors if current sponsorships are terminated;
■ | our and our bank sponsors’ ability to adhere to the standards of Visa and MasterCard payment card brand;
■ | our reliance on third-party processors and service providers;
■ | our dependence on independent sales groups (“ISGs”) that do not serve us exclusively to introduce us to new merchant accounts;
■ | our ability to pass along increases in interchange costs and other costs to our merchants;
■ | our ability to protect against unauthorized disclosure of merchant and cardholder data, whether through breach of our computer systems or otherwise;
■ | the effect of the loss of key personnel on our relationships with ISGs, card brands, bank sponsors and our other service providers;
■ | the effects of increased competition, which could adversely impact our financial performance;
■ | the impact of any increase in attrition due to an increase in closed merchant accounts and/or a decrease in merchant charge volume that we cannot anticipate or offset with new accounts;
■ | the effect of adverse business conditions on our merchants;
■ | our ability to adopt technology to meet changing industry and customer needs or trends;
■ | the impact of any decline in the use of credit cards as a payment mechanism for consumers or adverse developments with respect to the credit card industry in general;
■ | the impact of any adverse conditions in industries in which we obtain a substantial amount of our bankcard processing volume;
■ | the impact of seasonality on our operating results;
■ | the impact of any failure in our systems due to factors beyond our control;
■ | the impact of any material breaches in the security of third-party processing systems we use;
■ | the impact of any new and potential governmental regulations designed to protect or limit access to consumer information;
■ | the impact on our profitability if we are required to pay federal, state or local taxes on transaction processing;
■ | the impact on our growth and profitability if the markets for the services that we offer fail to expand or if such markets contract;
■ | significant losses we have incurred and may continue to experience in the future;
■ | foreign laws and regulations, which are subject to change and uncertain interpretation;
■ | geopolitical instability and other conditions that may adversely affect trends in consumer, business and government spending;
■ | the Company’s ability (or inability) to obtain additional financing in sufficient amounts or on acceptable terms when needed;
■ | the impact on our operating results as a result of impairment of our goodwill and intangible assets;
■ | our material weaknesses in internal control over financial reporting and our ability to maintain effective controls over financial reporting in the future; and
■ | the other factors identified in the section of this Report entitled “Risk Factors.” World Wide Web addresses contained in this Report are for explanatory
purposes only and they (and the content contained therein) do not form a part of, and are not incorporated by reference into, this
Report. TABLE OF CONTENTS Page
PART I
Item 1. | Business. | 4
Item 1A. | Risk Factors. | 21
Item 1B. | Unresolved Staff Comments. | 29
Item 2. | Properties. | 29
Item 3. | Legal Proceedings. | 30
Item 4. | Mine Safety Disclosures. | 30
PART II
Item 5. | Market for Registrant’s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. | 30
Item 6. | Selected Financial Data. | 31
Item 7. | Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. | 31
Item 7A. | Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk. | 39
Item 8. | Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. | 39
Item 9. | Changes In and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. | 39
Item 9A. | Controls and Procedures. | 39
Item 9B. | Other Information. | 40
PART III
Item 10. | Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance. | 42
Item 11. | Executive Compensation. | 43
Item 12. | Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. | 44
Item 13. | Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence. | 46
Item 14. | Principal Accountant Fees and Services. | 47
PART IV
Item 15. | Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules. | 47
Item 16. | Form 10-K Summary. | 48
Signatures | 48 3 PART I Item 1. Business. Net Element, Inc., (“Net Element”) a Delaware
corporation, is a holding company that conducts its operations through its subsidiaries. Net Element and its subsidiaries are referred
to collectively as the “Company,” “Net Element,” “we,” “us,” or “our,”
unless the context requires otherwise. Company Overview Net Element is a global technology and value-added solutions
group that supports electronic payments acceptance in a multi-channel environment including point-of-sale (POS), ecommerce
and mobile devices. The Company operates two business segments as a provider of North American Transaction Solutions and International Transaction Solutions . Additionally, we have corporate overhead broken out in our segment reporting. We offer a broad range of payment acceptance and processing
services that enable merchants of all sizes to accept and process over 100 different payment options in more than 120 currencies,
including credit, debit, prepaid and alternative payments. We also provide merchants with value-added services and technologies
including integrated payment technologies, POS solutions, security solutions, fraud management, information solutions and analytical
tools. We believe that our technology-centered value-added service
offerings and the payments ecosystem differentiate us from the competition. It enables us to efficiently provide a comprehensive
suite of services to clients across the value chain of commerce-enabling services and technologies as well as to innovate, develop
and deploy new services, while providing us with significant economies of scale. Our broad and varied distribution includes sales
channels, such as our direct and indirect sales forces, referral partners and value-added resellers, which provide us with a growing
and diverse client base of merchants. We believe this combination of attributes provides us with the competitive advantages that
generate strong growth by enabling us to efficiently manage, update and maintain our technology, to utilize technology integration
and value-added services to expand our new sales and distribution, and to realize significant operating leverage. We create our
value-added solutions from a suite of proprietary technology products, software, cloud-based applications, processing services,
security offerings, and customer support programs that we configure to meet our clients’ individual needs. We provide additional services through our portfolio of brands
including: · | Unified Payments – payment acceptance solutions, including POS solutions and value-added services throughout the United States; · | Unified m-POS – easy-to-use mobile application that provides the functionalities that small to medium sized businesses (“SMB”) need to accept and manage transactions in a neat and easy to use interface, which is EMV-compliant, accepts traditional and contactless transactions such as Apple Pay®. Unified m-POS application is available for download in Apple’s App Store and Google Play;
· | Aptito – proprietary cloud-based POS platform for the hospitality industry and SMB merchants; · | Restoactive – seamless visual POS integration that modernizes experience in the restaurant POS environment and behind the scenes. Integration ready for over 500,000 restaurants in the United States;
· | Zero Pay – zero-fee payment acceptance program for SMB merchants in the United States. Zero Pay program saves merchants costs involved in accepting credit and debit cards using mobile POS by passing the cost to the consumer;
· | PayOnline – proprietary integrated, global e-commerce and mobile payments processing platform and fraud management system; · | Pay-Travel – integrated payment processing solutions to the travel industry, which includes integrations with various Global Distribution Systems (“GDS”) such as Amadeus®, Galileo®, Sabre®, additional geo filters and passenger name record (PNR) through Pay-Travel service offered by PayOnline; · | Sales Central – designed to enhance responsiveness of our indirect non-bank sales forces (“Sales Partners”) and improve sales efficiency. The cloud-based solution provides to both Sales Partners and merchants an integrated toolkit to more effectively manage a variety of sales, operations, reporting and accounting functions;
· | Netevia – future-ready multi-channel payments platform developed by in-house Net Element Software team (software-as-a-service “SaaS” and White Label models) and available across all brands. Connecting and simplifying payments across sales channels through a single integration point, Netevia delivers end-to-end payment processing through easy-to-use APIs.; and · | Digital Provider – integrated direct-carrier, mobile operator solution for smaller content providers and merchants throughout selected international markets. We have operations and offices located within the United States
(“U.S.”) (domestic) and outside of the U.S. (international) where sales, customer service and/or administrative personnel
are based. Through U.S. based subsidiaries, we generate revenues from transactional services, valued-added payment services and
technologies for SMBs. Through wholly owned subsidiaries, we operate internationally with a focus on transactional services, mobile
payment transactions, online payment transactions, value-added payment services and technologies in selected international markets. Our business is characterized by transaction related fees, multi-year
contracts, and a diverse client base, which allows us to grow alongside our clients. Our multi-year contracts allow us to achieve
a high level of recurring revenues with the same clients. While the contracts typically do not specify fixed revenues to be realized
thereunder, they do provide a framework for revenues to be generated based on volume of services provided during such contracts’
term. Recent Developments During 2017, we completed a number of transactions and other
accomplishments in pursuit of our strategy of enhancing financial results, creating a strong operational foundation and competitive
advantage. We believe the following transactions and actions have focused and strengthened our company and improved our capital
structure and cash flow. 4 Our primary actions during 2017 were as follows: · | Received a $7.55 million institutional investment to support continued organic growth and blockchain focused developments · | Ensured continued compliance with NASDAQ listing requirements · | Ranked as one of the fastest growing companies in North America on Deloitte's 2017 Technology Fast 500™ · | Supported Florida SMB merchants affected by Hurricane Irma with free mobile point of sale credit card readers Recent Partnerships: · | Joined the Enterprise Ethereum Alliance ("EEA"), the world's largest open-source blockchain initiative with over 250 member companies. Membership to the alliance is complementary to the Company's recently announced decentralized blockchain technology solution, Netevia, that will enable a vast number of value-added services ("VAS") and support the adoption of Ethereum in the enterprise · | Partnered with Elo to provide a modern best-in-class point of sale solution. Combined Aptito POS software with Elo’s all-in-one touchscreen device delivering stylish and reliable POS solution · | Partnered with Payvision in Europe, extended access to global currencies. Expanded payment acceptance to 120+ currencies globally · | Partnered with Planet Payment for multi-currency pricing solution in the United States. Introduced multi-currency payment acceptance to online merchants in the United States Recent Product Launches: · | Launched multi-channel payments platform, Netevia, connecting and simplifying payments across sales channels through a single integration point, Netevia delivers end-to-end payment processing through easy-to-use APIs. This model complements Net Element's ability to perform in a multi-channel environment, including point-of-sale (POS), e-commerce, mobile devices and will enable the company to perform in blockchain technology solutions when fully-developed · | Launched web-based, integrated same-day ACH and eCheck payment processing solution in the United States · | Launched Zero-Fee processing program for SMB merchants in the United States · | Launched loyalty program for international online merchants utilizing a PayOnline platform · | Launched PayOnline's support for electronic commerce in the United States · | Launched Apple Pay support in Russia · | Launched payment acceptance module for Telegram, Viber, Facebook and VK instant messenger apps · | Expanded payments module to include the Prominent InSales platform. InSales platform which provides access to over 4,000 merchants · | Launched comprehensive point-of-sale program during Unified Payments' "2017 Launch Series" at Northeast Acquirers Association event · | Launched ISO incubator to help certified resellers of Unified Payments grow their business, compete and achieve success in today's evolving marketplace · | Launched fully-integrated payment acceptance for V-Tell, an international mobile network operator · | Launched fully-integrated payment acceptance for Azimuth Airlines · | Added support for iDEAL payment system, the most popular payment system in Netherlands Outlook Our strategy is to ensure that our business
remains successful in a rapidly changing market, creating sustainable value for all our stakeholders, including our clients, distribution
partners and shareholders. We aim to achieve superior results for our clients by having a deep understanding of their payment acceptance
needs, extensive market reach, strong product development and technology enablement. Planned for 2018: We will continue to focus on understanding
our clients and addressing their payment acceptance needs in core market segments. ● | Continue growth in all key segments ● | Drive client retention ● | Expand our client base in selected markets ● | Deliver value-added products to our clients to increase efficiencies and payment acceptance ● | Launch new tools to reach our clients, such as digital channels, and deepening partner relations The global payments industry continued
to deliver healthy growth during 2017, with underlying transaction volumes demonstrating even greater strength. We believe that
new and disruptive technologies will provide us the opportunity to differentiate ourselves from our competition, continue developing
and delivering innovative payment solutions in 2018 and beyond. ● | Continue to develop Netevia, our next-generation payments platform, enabling intelligent routing of payments for the application development community ● | Continue to scale and enhance new product launches that will add value to our clients ● | Extend our capabilities in next-generation POS hardware and software, and deepening our partner proposition 5 ● | Commence trials of advanced technologies around business intelligence and mobile based payments acceptance ● | Target further developments in blockchain technologies, payments enablement for Internet of Things and biometrics payment acceptance ● | Continue investment in future emerging payment technologies Realize the full potential of our business
model. ● | Deliver stronger organic growth ● | Develop additional payment network relationships to integrate with our technologies ● | Seek acquisition or investment opportunities to deepen our technological and distribution capabilities We believe that blockchain technologies will play key roles
in future commerce to facilitate transactions and serve as a secure payment platform. We also believe that these technologies will
encourage innovation through development of value-added services and cater to both merchants and their customers. We are developing a decentralized crypto-based ecosystem to
act as a framework for a number of value-added services that can connect merchants and consumers directly utilizing blockchain
technology while increasing the economic efficiency of all transactions being made within the ecosystem. Specifically, we launched
a platform called Netevia that delivers end-to-end payment processing through easy-to-use APIs and complements the Company’s
ability to perform in a multi-channel environment, including point-of-sale (POS), e-commerce and mobile devices and will enable
the Company to perform in decentralized blockchain technology solutions. We are working to implement additional features on the
platform, which will include default value-added modules, such as a payment platform technology solution, peer-to-peer interface
solution and blockchain rewards system solution. We expect that the users of our blockchain based payments solution, when such
solution is fully implemented, will be able to make payments by using payment options of their preference: fiat money, mainstream
and alternative cryptocurrencies. The main function of the blockchain based payments solution is to provide the “one-click”
payment technology solution with minimum transaction costs and maximum comfort for the users. We expect that such function will
be complementary to our current platform which supports multiple payment methods internationally. We also expect that the peer-to-peer
module will allow participants to transact directly using blockchain technology and support conversion and transmittal of multiple
payment methods including traditional payment methods, mainstream and alternative cryptocurrencies, and the rewards system that
will reward users for active use of the ecosystem and contributions into its development. In providing such blockchain technology solutions, we will not
be holding any deposits, nor trade in, digital assets. We are committed to comply with the government regulations applicable to
our blockchain technology solutions. Our Mission and Vision Our mission is to power global commerce and allow our clients
to conduct business globally. We believe that by understanding the consumer behavior and the needs of our merchants is the most
effective and, ultimately, the most profitable means to accomplish our mission and create long-term value for all stakeholders. We drive client growth through our in-depth knowledge of global
transactional services and related value-added service offerings which separate us from the competition. Our vision is to set the standard for multi-channel payments
acceptance and value-added service offerings with focus on creation of unified global transaction acceptance ecosystem. We believe
in emerging technologies and as such we are developing a decentralized blockchain ecosystem to support a vast number of value-added
decentralized applications (“dApps”), which will provide value to our clients. In order to achieve this vision, we seek to further develop
single on-boarding, global transaction acceptance ecosystem. Manifesting this vision requires scaling our direct and indirect connectivity
to multiple payment and mobile networks internationally. By implementing this vision, we believe that we will be able to provide
centralized, global multi-channel transactional platform to our clients internationally. Our Strategy Our strategy is to power global commerce through a world-wide,
multi-channel solutions offering. To continue to grow our business, our strategy is to focus on providing merchants with the ability
to process a variety of electronic transactions across multiple channels. We seek to leverage the adoption of and transition to
card, electronic and digital-based payments by expanding our market share through our distribution channels and services innovations.
We also seek growth through strategic acquisitions to improve our offerings, scale and geography. We intend to continue to invest
in and leverage our technology infrastructure and our people to increase our penetration in existing markets. Key elements of our business strategy include: · | Continued investment in our core technology and new technology offerings including blockchain;
· | Allocation of resources and expertise to grow in commerce and payments segments;
· | Grow and control distribution by adding new merchants and partners;
· | Leverage technology and operational advantages throughout our global footprint; 6 · | Expansion of our cardholder and subscriber customer base;
· | Continue to develop seamless multinational solutions for our clients;
· | Increase monetization while creating value for our clients;
· | Focus on continued improvement and operation excellence; and
· | Pursue potential domestic and international acquisitions of, investments in, and alliances with companies that have high growth potential, significant market presence or key technological capabilities. With our existing infrastructure and supplier relationships,
we believe that we can accommodate expected portfolio growth. We believe that our available capacity and infrastructure will allow
us to take advantage of operational efficiencies as we grow our processing volume and expand to other geographical territories. Market Overview The financial technology and transaction processing industry
is an integral part of today’s worldwide financial structure. The industry is continually evolving, driven in large part
by technological advances. The benefits of card-based payments allow merchants to access a broader universe of consumers, enjoy
faster settlement times and reduce transaction errors. By using credit or debit cards, consumers are able to make purchases more
conveniently, whether in person, over the Internet, or by mail, fax or telephone, while gaining the benefit of loyalty programs,
such as frequent flyer miles or cash back, which are increasingly being offered by credit or debit card issuers. In addition, consumers are also beginning to use card-based
and other electronic payment methods for purchases at an earlier age in life, and increasingly for small dollar amount purchases.
Given these advantages of card-based payment systems to merchants and consumers, favorable demographic trends, and the resulting
proliferation of credit and debit card usage, we believe businesses will increasingly seek to accept card-based payment systems
in order to remain competitive. We believe that cash transactions are becoming progressively
obsolete. The proliferation of bankcards has made the acceptance of bankcard payments a virtual necessity for many businesses,
regardless of size, in order to remain competitive. In addition, the advent and growth of e-commerce and crypto-currencies have
marked a significant new trend in the way business is being conducted. E-commerce is dependent upon credit and debit cards, as
well as other cashless payment processing methods. The payment processing industry continues to evolve rapidly,
based on the application of new technology and changing customer needs. We intend to continue to evolve with the market to provide
the necessary technological advances to meet the ever-changing needs of our market place. Traditional players in the industry must
quickly adapt to the changing environment or be left behind in the competitive landscape. Business Segments North American Transaction Solutions | International Transaction Solutions
Clients: | Businesses of all types and sizes. Current focus on SMB merchants | Online businesses, merchants requiring cross-border payment acceptance, content providers and mobile applications of all types and sizes
Goals: | To help business grow commerce at the retail, online and m-POS. Enable multi-channel commerce | To help businesses transact online with ease and security and help digital merchants monetize their content in a mobile environment
Key Solutions: | · Merchant Acquiring · Value-added services · Aptito POS technology · m-POS technology · Smart payment POS terminal · Business performance analytics · Marketing / loyalty | · Integrated online and mobile billing solutions · Complete cross-border toolkit for online business · Integrated GDS transaction processing · Mobile content monetization and management · Security / risk management · Marketing / loyalty
2017 Segment Revenue: | $51M , up 21% from 2016 | $9M , down 27% from 2016 We operate two reportable business operating segments: (i) North
American Transaction Solutions and (ii) International Transaction Solutions. Our segments are designed to establish lines of businesses
that support our client base and further globalize our solutions. Management determines the reportable segments based on the internal
reporting used by our Chief Operating Decision Maker to evaluate performance and to assess where to allocate resources. The principal
revenue stream for all segments came from service and transaction related fees during 2017. Prior to May 20, 2015, we had a single reportable business segment:
payment processing for electronic commerce. On May 20, 2015, we obtained financial and operational control of PayOnline, a provider
of online payment processing of online transactions in emerging markets. Additionally, we rebranded our mobile payments business
to Digital Provider and began reporting gross revenues for mobile payments where we provide access to branded content. Given the
size of assets and revenues from PayOnline and Digital Provider, we began reporting segment information for three operating segments
during the third quarter of 2015. During the fourth quarter of 2017, we re-organized our segment data along geographic lines with
two operating segments; North American and International. We also continue to break-out corporate overhead so that we can better
see the stand-alone potential of each region. 7 Comparative segment revenues and related financial information
pertaining to our segments for the years ended December 31, 2017 and 2016 are presented in the tables in Note 16, Segment Information,
to our consolidated financial statements (the “Consolidated Financial Statements”), which are included elsewhere in
this Report. · | North American Transaction Solutions – This segment provides technology and services that businesses require to accept cashless transaction for retail card-present (or “swipe”), e-commerce or card-not-present mail order / telephone order (“MOTO”) transactions (referred to as “Merchant Acquiring”) as well as next-generation offerings such as mobile payment services, merchant performance analytical tools, merchant back office reporting, and our cloud-based Aptito POS platform, which includes hospitality, mobile POS (“m-POS”) and SMB retail point-of-sale applications (referred to as “Value-added Services”). · | International Transaction Solutions – This segment provides online and mobile commerce solutions for merchants including social networks, game developers, online magazines, mobile applications and digital media operators. We provide mobile users with a simple, secure and fast way to pay for purchases via mobile device, interactive device or web without a credit card or a bank account. Our fully-integrated, processor agnostic electronic commerce platform that simplifies complex enterprise online transaction processing challenges from payment acceptance and processing through risk prevention and payment security via point-to-point encryption and tokenization solutions. Our proprietary software-as-a-service (“SaaS”) suite of solutions for electronic and mobile commerce gateway and payment processing platform is compliant at Level 1 of Payment Card Industry (“PCI”) Data Security Standards (“DSS”) streamlines the order-to-cash process, improves electronic payment acceptance and reduces the scope of burden of PCI DSS compliance. North American Transaction Solutions Segment The following table presents North American Transaction Solutions
segment information as a percentage of total revenue: 2017 | 2016
Segment revenue | 85 | % | 78 | % North American Transaction Solutions Operations. Our largest segment, North American Transaction Solutions, where through our subsidiary TOT Payments, LLC, doing business as Unified
Payments, we provide businesses of all sizes and types with a wide range of solutions at the point of sale, including Merchant
Acquiring, e-commerce, mobile commerce, POS and other business solutions. Our largest service in this segment is Merchant Acquiring,
which facilitates the acceptance of cashless transactions at the POS, whether a retail transaction at a physical business location,
a mobile commerce transaction through a mobile or tablet device, which includes m-POS acceptance, Android Pay™, Apple Pay™
and Samsung Pay or an electronic commerce transaction over the web. Geographical presence for this segment is North America. Our North American Transaction Solutions segment revenues are
primarily derived from processing payment acceptance transactions in a multi-channel environment for SMB merchants and includes
fees for providing processing, loyalty and software services, and sales and support of POS devices. Revenues are generated from
a variety of sources, including: · | Discount fees charged to a merchant for processing of a transaction. The discount fee is typically either a percentage of the purchase amount or an interchange fee plus a fixed dollar amount or percentage;
· | Processing fees charged to merchants for processing of a transaction;
· | Processing fees charged to our Sales Partners who have outsourced their transaction processing to us;
· | Sales and support of POS devices;
· | Fees from providing reporting and other services;
· | Software license fees for Aptito POS platform, which includes hospitality and SMB retail point-of-sale application;
· | PCI compliance fees charged to a merchant for providing PCI compliance on annual basis; and
· | Business software license fees for merchant analytics and back office reporting. For example, in a transaction using a Visa or MasterCard card,
the allocation of funds resulting from a $100 transaction follows. * Does not include agent commission payments. 8 We typically provide our services as part of a broader payment
acceptance solution to our business clients across multiple channels, including: · | Retail Merchants – physical businesses or storefront locations, such as retailers, supermarkets, restaurants, hotels and other brink and mortar facilities, which we refer to as Retail . We supply our Retail merchants with POS terminals from leading manufacturers, which are Europay®, MasterCard®, and Visa® (commonly referred to as “EMV” or “Chip”) compliant and Near Field Communication (“NFC”) capable, accepting all card brands and products, as well as alternative payment forms, such as Android Pay™, Apple Pay™ and Samsung Pay.
· | Mobile Merchants – physical businesses with remote or wireless storefront locations, such as small retail and service providers that use mobile devices with POS capabilities to accept electronic payments, which we refer to as Mobile ; and
· | Online – online businesses or website locations, such as retailers, digital content providers, and mobile application developers with Internet-based storefronts that can be accessed through a personal computer or a mobile device, where we refer to as e-commerce . North American Transaction Solutions Marketing . We employ a variety of go-to-market strategies in our North American Transaction Solutions segment. We mostly partner with indirect
non-bank Sales Partners, such as independent sales agents, independent sales groups and referral partners that user our brand to
market services (“ISG”), independent sales groups that we sponsor to Card Brands as registered Independent Sales Organizations
(“ISO”) – these groups market services under their own brands, independent software vendors (“ISV”),
value added resellers (“VAR”), and payment services providers (“PSP”) to sell our payment solutions to
SMB merchants. We believe that this sales approach provides us with access to an experienced sales force to market our services
with limited investment in sales infrastructure and management time. We believe our focus on the unique needs of SMB allows us
to develop compelling offerings for our sales channels to bring to prospective merchants and provides us with a competitive advantage
in our target market. Sales & Marketing Support – Among the services
and capabilities we provide are rapid application response time, merchant application acceptance by a proprietary and secure on-line
sales portal, superior customer service, merchant reporting and robust analytics. In addition, by controlling the underwriting
process we believe we offer the ISGs more rapid and consistent review of merchant applications than may be available from other
service providers. Additionally, in certain circumstances, we offer our sales organizations tailored compensation programs and
unique technology applications to assist them in the sales process. We keep an open dialogue with our Sales Partners to address
their concerns as quickly as possible and work with them in investigating chargebacks or potentially suspicious activity with the
aim of ensuring our merchants do not unduly suffer downtime or the unnecessary withholding of funds. Sales & Marketing Compensation – As compensation
for their referral of merchant accounts, we pay our Sales Partners an agreed-upon recurring commission, or percentage of the income
we derive from the transactions we process from the merchants they refer to us. The amount of the recurring commissions we pay
to our Sales Partners varies on a case-by-case basis and depends on several factors, including but not limited to the number and
type of merchants each group refers to us. We provide additional incentives to our Sales Partners, including, from time to time,
advances and merchant acquisition bonuses that are secured by income earned from the referred merchant and repayable from future
compensation that may be earned by the groups in respect to the merchants they have referred to us. For the year ended December
31, 2017 and 2016, we had provided merchant acquisition incentives to Sales Partners in an aggregate amount of $1.8 million and
$1.3 million, respectively. Our organic growth plan calls for future incentives to be funded to our Sales Partners for referred
merchants. North American Transaction Solutions. Our solutions
are designed to help SMB merchants accept cashless payments in an multi-channel payment environment, which spans across POS, e-commerce
and mobile devices. Mobile POS Platform – An integrated POS platform
developed on Apple’s® iOS and Android® mobile operating systems for the hospitality, retail, service and on the go
industries. Our goal with Aptito is to create an easy to use POS and business management solution, which incorporates everything
a small business needs to help streamline every-day management, operations and payment acceptance. § | Aptito Hospitality POS – proprietary, fully integrated cloud-based POS and restaurant management system developed on Apple’s® iOS mobile operating system is designed to be used as a stand-alone all digital POS or be extended to include: m-POS, self-ordering kiosk, digital menus, pay at the table EMV and NFC ready card readers, cash drawers, receipt and kitchen printers. The need for uptime in a hospitality environment is paramount and as such our Aptito Hospitality POS local server allows our merchants to remain online, even if the Internet connection to the cloud is lost. Our local server solution is automatically synchronized with the cloud, providing 99.99% uptime. · | Aptito Retail POS – cloud-based POS solution is available on Apple® iOS and Android® mobile operating platforms and allows retailers to focus on their business and improve the in-store experience. Retailers are able to customize Aptito Retail POS based on their environment. Peripherals for Aptito Retail POS include a fully integrated cash drawer, thermal receipt printer, barcode scanner, barcode printer and EMV-compliant point of sale acceptance terminal. This allows retailers the ability to customize their POS solution based on their unique needs. The need for uptime in a retail environment is paramount and as such our Aptito Retail POS local server allows our merchants to remain online, even if the Internet connection to the cloud is lost. Our local server solution is automatically synchronized with the cloud, providing 99.99% uptime. · | Restoactive – utilizing Aptito POS Platform architecture, we have developed and launched Restoactive , which seamlessly plugs into a current restaurant environment through integrations with some of the biggest POS and restaurant management platforms such as: MICROS®, POSitouch®, Aloha® and Symphony®. By integrating into the leading POS and restaurant management platforms, Restoactive is now accessible by over 500,000 restaurants in the United States. We believe Restoactive to be the first of its kind integrated platform, which introduces all-in-one digital menu, kiosk and m-POS application into an existing POS environment without the need to displace existing restaurant management platforms. 9 · | Unified m-POS – Unified m-POS solution is available on Apple® iOS and Android® mobile operating platforms and makes it easier and safer to take business on the go. Whether at the local farmer’s market or at a customer’s site, Unified m-POS accept payments with ease and security. Mobile application is EMV-compliant, accepts traditional and contactless transactions such as Apple Pay®. Unified m-POS application is available for download in Apple’s App Store and Google Play In addition to enhancing our ability to drive core merchant
acquiring sales, Mobile POS Platform allows us to earn incremental revenue from business clients. Currently, revenue model
is based on a SaaS fee, which we bill on a per station basis and additional services fee, which we bill for additional applications
we offer. We also believe that our Mobile POS Platform can help
enhance client retention because we believe it will become core to our clients’ businesses and position us as a value-added
partner. For example, business owners may use our business management tools to manage their employees’ work schedules, payroll,
patron reservations, operate customer loyalty programs, manage inventory, and/or provide analytics on their business. Other POS Platforms – We act as an authorized dealer
for various POS manufacturers and POS software providers and deploy these systems where our proprietary products are not the best
fit. Systems we offer are fully integrated with our payment acceptance capabilities. Merchant Management Platform – We have developed Sales Central , a proprietary cloud-based merchant management platform. Sales Central is designed to enhance responsiveness
of our Sales Partners and improve sales efficiency. The cloud-based solution provides to both Sales Partners and merchants an integrated
toolkit to more effectively manage a variety of sales, operations, reporting and accounting functions. The system is designed to
improve conversion rates, technology advisory functions and to reduce deployment time for merchants. It also allows troubleshooting
of merchant issues in real-time. Sales Central is currently one of the few cloud-based systems nationwide that allows Sales Partners
to onboard and monitor merchants on multiple processing platforms through a single interface. · | Sales Central for Sales Partners – allows Sales Partners to onboard merchants on multiple processing platforms available in the U.S. Its merchant underwriting and boarding process is seamless and paperless. Merchant Library allows Sales Partners to safely store and retrieve any agreement, form or contract related to merchants. Sales Partners that utilize the system are equipped with merchant pricing, residual calculations and risk management modules, which allow easier management of most of their day-to-day operations. Sales Partners compensation and merchant profitability can be managed using multi-level, single-click, drill-down navigation to pricing, detail, summary and statement information. · | Sales Central On the Go – fully integrated, digital onboarding interface designed for Sales Partners and merchants, streamlines and automates merchant account sign-up process, delivers real-time decisions and paperless boarding approval from online and mobile devices. Mobile boarding capability facilitates API-driven, instant boarding to multiple payment processing platforms and provides new merchants with a modular approach for providing their personal and business information. The platform manages underwriting, risk assessment, merchant ID assignments and is compliant with banking standards such as Know Your Customer regulations. · | Sales Central for Merchants – integrated reporting, accounting and analytics back office solution for SMB merchants. A variety of reporting tools along with easy to understand charts enables merchants to analyze sales and improve performance. The ticket system allows merchants direct communication with Company’s service and technical support designed to improve the customer service experience. · | Unified Insights – the integrated Unified Insights module is a business dashboard focused on “Big Data” that gives merchants a 360-degree view of their business in a more usable formats. With Unified Insights, merchants can compare current revenue, online reputation, and social media activity to their past performance and to similar business in their area. North American Transaction Solutions Competition. Many
large and small companies compete with us in providing payment processing services and related services to a wide range of merchants.
Many of our current and prospective competitors have substantially greater financial, technical and marketing resources, larger
customer bases, longer operating histories, more developed infrastructures, greater name recognition and/or more established relationships
in the industry than we have. Because of this our competitors may be able to adopt more aggressive pricing policies than we can,
develop and expand their service offerings more rapidly, adapt to new or emerging technologies and changes in customer requirements
more quickly, take advantage of acquisitions and other opportunities more readily, achieve greater economies of scale, and devote
greater resources to the marketing and sale of their services. There are also many smaller transaction processors that provide
various services to small and medium sized merchants. We believe that our specific focus on smaller merchants, in
addition to our understanding of the needs and risks associated with providing payment processing services to small merchants and
indirect non-bank sales forces, gives us a competitive advantage over larger competitors, which have a broader market perspective
and priorities. We also believe that we have a competitive advantage over competitors of a similar or smaller size that may lack
our extensive experience, value-added product offering and resources. 10 North American Transaction Solutions Industry Mix and
Geography. In the United States, we have developed significant expertise in industries that we believe present relatively
low risks as the customers are generally present and the products or services are generally delivered at the time the transaction
is processed. These include: · | Restaurants
· | Schools and educational services
· | Brick and mortar retailers
· | Convenience and liquor stores
· | Professional service providers
· | Hotel and lodging establishments Merchants we served during 2017 processed an average of $12,257
each month in credit card transactions and had an average transaction value of $41.55 per transaction. Larger payment processors
have traditionally underserved these merchants. As a result, these merchants have historically paid higher transaction fees than
larger merchants and have not been provided with tailored solutions and on-going services that larger merchants typically receive
from larger payment processing providers. Our total North American Transaction Solutions processing
volume for the year ended December 31, 2017 was $2.3 billion, a 18% increase over processing during the year ended December
31, 2016. Transactions processed for the year ended December 31, 2017 were 89.0 million compared to 87.5 million for the year
ended December 31, 2016. Our card-present processing volume for the year ended December
31, 2017 represented 73% of the total North American Transaction Solution volume, and card-not-present processing volume represented
27%. As of December 31, 2017, approximately 39.6% of our SMB merchants
were restaurants and 22% were health and beauty services, and 16% were general merchandise. The high concentration in restaurants
reflects the efforts of our sales team actively targeting our Aptito POS product line. The following table reflects
the percentage concentration of our merchant base by category: 2017 | 2016
Restaurants | 39.6 | % | 36.6 | %
Health / Beauty | 22.0 | % | 19.9 | %
General Merchandise | 16.0 | % | 15.2 | %
Professional Services | 8.1 | % | 8.4 | %
Automotive | 6.8 | % | 7.1 | %
Food Stores | 2.4 | % | 5.8 | %
Educational Services | 2.7 | % | 4.4 | %
Hotels / Motels | 1.1 | % | 1.6 | %
Other | 1.3 | % | 1.0 | % In December 2017, SMB merchants located in the following states
represented the following percentage of our SMB card processing volume: New York represented 24.31%, Florida represented 11.9%
California represented 10.97%, New Jersey represented 5.69% and North Carolina represented 5.28%. No other state represented more
than 5% of our total SMB card processing volume. Our geographic concentration tends to reflect states where we maintain stronger
sales force. We believe that the loss of any single SMB merchant would not have a material adverse effect on our financial condition
or results of operations. North American Transaction Solutions Risk Management. In the United States, we focus our sales efforts on low-risk bankcard merchants and have developed systems and procedures designed
to minimize our exposure to potential merchant losses. Effective risk management helps us minimize merchant losses
for the mutual benefit of our merchants, Independent Sales Groups and ourselves. Our Underwriting and Risk Management Policy and
procedures help to protect us from fraud perpetrated by our merchants. We believe our knowledge and experience in dealing with
attempted fraud has resulted in our development and implementation of effective risk management and fraud prevention systems and
procedures. In 2017, we experienced losses of .0002 (or 0.02%) of our SMB card processing volume. We employ the following systems and procedures to minimize our
exposure to merchant and transaction fraud: · | Merchant Application Underwriting – there are varying degrees of risk associated with different merchant types based on their industry, the nature of the merchant’s business, processing volumes and average transaction size. As such, varying levels of scrutiny are needed to evaluate a merchant application and to underwrite a prospective merchant account. These range from basic due diligence for merchants with low risk profiles to more comprehensive review for higher risk merchants. The results of this assessment serves as the basis for decisions regarding acceptance of the merchant account, criteria for establishing reserve requirements, processing limits, average transaction amounts and pricing. Once aggregated, these factors also assist the Company in monitoring transactions for those accounts when pre-determined criteria have been exceeded. 11 · | Merchant Monitoring – we employ several levels of merchant account monitoring to help us identify suspicious transactions and trends. Daily merchant activity is sorted into a number of customized reports by our systems. Our risk management team reviews any unusual activity highlighted by these reports, such as larger than normal transactions or credits, and monitors other parameters that are helpful in identifying suspicious activity. We have daily windows to decide if any transactions should be held for further review and this provides us time to interview a merchant or issuing bank to determine the validity of suspicious transactions. We also place merchants who require special monitoring on alert status and have engaged a third-party web crawling solution that scans all merchant websites for content and integrity. · | Investigation and Loss Prevention – if a merchant exceeds any parameters established by our underwriting and/or risk management staff or violates regulations established by the applicable bankcard network or the terms of our merchant agreement, one of our investigators will identify the incident and take appropriate action to reduce our exposure to loss and the exposure of our merchant. This action may include requesting additional transaction information, withholding or diverting funds, verifying delivery of merchandise or even deactivating the merchant account. Additionally, Relationship Managers may be instructed to retrieve equipment owned by us. In addition, to protect ourselves from unexpected losses, we maintain a reserve account with our sponsoring bank, which can be used to offset any losses incurred at a given time. As of December 31, 2017, our reserve balance was $447,602. The reserve is replenished as required by funding 0.03% of bankcard processing volume. In the case of our self-designated bin, this is triggered when it falls below $25,000. This reserve is accounted for on our balance sheet under the caption “other assets”. · | Reserves – some of our merchants are required to post reserves (cash deposits) that are used to offset chargebacks incurred. Our sponsoring banks hold such reserves related to our merchant accounts as long as we are exposed to loss resulting from a merchant’s processing activity. In the event that a small company finds it difficult to post a cash reserve upon opening an account with us, we may build the reserve by retaining a percentage of each transaction the merchant performs until the reserve is established. This solution permits the merchant to fund our reserve requirements gradually as its business develops. As of December 31, 2017, our total reserve deposits were approximately $5,715,466. We have no legal title to the cash accounts maintained at the sponsor bank in order to cover potential chargeback and related losses under the applicable merchant agreements. We also have no legal obligation to these merchants with respect to these reserve accounts. Accordingly, we do not include these accounts and the corresponding obligation to the merchants in our consolidated financial statements. North American Transaction Solutions Sponsoring Banks
and Data Processors. Because we are not a “member bank” as defined by Visa, MasterCard, American Express and
Discover (“Card Brands”), in order to authorize and settle payment transactions for merchants, we must be sponsored
by a financial institution that holds member bank status with the Card Brands (“Sponsorship Bank” in the case of Visa
and MasterCard) and various third-party vendors (“Data Processors”) to assist us with these functions. Card Brand rules
restrict us from performing funds settlement or accessing merchant settlement funds and require that these funds be in the possession
of a Sponsorship Bank until the merchant is funded. Sponsoring Bank. We have agreements with several banks
that sponsor us for membership in the Visa, MasterCard, American Express and Discover card brands and settle card transactions
for our merchants. These agreements allow us to use the banks’ identification numbers, referred to as Bank Identification
Number (“BIN”) for Visa transactions and Interbank Card Association (“ICA”) number for MasterCard transactions.
The principal Sponsoring Bank through which we processed the majority of our transaction in the United States during 2017 was Merrick
Bank, N.A. On March 1, 2018, we moved all of our processing from Merrick Bank, N.A. to Citizens Bank, N.A as part of our relationship
with Priority Payments Inc. In addition, we process transactions through BIN sponsorship agreements with Esquire Bank, N.A. and
Wells Fargo Bank, N.A. From time to time, we may enter into agreements with additional banks. Data Processor. We have agreements with several Data
Processors to provide us with, on a non-exclusive basis, transaction processing and transmittal, transaction authorization
and data capture, and access to various reporting tools. Our primary processing vendor in the United States is Priority Payment
Systems, LLC (“Priority”), which provides us with the processing conduit to the Total System Services, Inc. (“TSYS”)
and First Data Corporation (“FDC”) authorization and settlement network. We have entered into several service agreements
with Priority. Each of the Priority service agreements may be terminated by Priority if, among other things, (i) certain insolvency
events occur with respect to us or (ii) we fail to maintain our good standing with Card Brands. We may terminate each of the
agreements if, among other things, (i) certain insolvency events occur with respect to Priority, (ii) Priority materially
breaches any of the terms, covenants or conditions of the agreements and fails to cure such breach within 30 days following receipt
of written notice thereof, or (iii) under certain circumstances, Priority is unable to perform services described in the agreement.
In addition, we maintain direct processing agreements with TSYS and FDC. As an example of processing an electronic payment, the below
diagram illustrates the participants involved in a payment transaction. There are four main participants, the Merchant, the Service
Provider ( Unified Payments ), the Sponsoring Bank and the Data Processor. Merchants are primarily business owners that accept
credit card payment in exchange for their merchandise and services. 12 International Transaction Solutions. The following table presents International Transaction Solutions
Segment information as a percentage of total revenue: 2017 | 2016
Segment revenue | 15 | % | 22 | % During 2017, we have consolidated our Online Payment Solutions
and Mobile Payment Solutions segments into a single International Transaction Solutions segment. Our online payment solutions company,
PayOnline, now provides all operational support for our mobile payments business. Our mobile payments business is transitioning
to a joint venture business model and we are in discussions with several potential partners regarding joint business development. Through our subsidiary, PayOnline, we provide a wide range of
value-added online solutions utilizing our fully-integrated, platform agnostic electronic commerce offering that simplifies complex
enterprise online transaction processing challenges from payment acceptance and processing through risk prevention and payment
security via point-to-point encryption and tokenization solutions. Our proprietary SaaS suite of solutions for electronic and mobile
commerce gateway and payment processing platform is compliant at Level 1 of PCI DSS, streamlines the order-to-cash process, improves
electronic payment acceptance and reduces the scope of burden of PCI DSS compliance. PayOnline holds a leadership position in the
Russian Federation as one of the largest independent Internet Payment Services Provider (“IPSP”). Our International Transaction Solutions segment revenues are
primarily derived from processing credit and debit card transactions for online merchants and includes fees for providing processing,
loyalty and software services. Revenues are generated from a variety of sources, including: · | Discount fees charged to a merchant for processing of a transaction. The discount fee is typically a percentage of the purchase amount; · | Processing fees charged to merchants for processing of a transaction; · | Processing fees charged to our sales partners who have outsourced their transaction processing to us; · | Fees from providing reporting and other services; · | Software license fees for PayOnline White-label platform; · | Business software license fees for merchant analytics, back office reporting; and monetarization · | Big Data monetization through upsell on payment confirmation page to the end consumer. Through our subsidiary Digital Provider, we enable mobile payment
acceptance utilizing agreements with marketing companies owned by the top 3 MNOs including Mobile TeleSystem (MTS), MegaFon and
VimpelCom. There are several possible configurations of transactions that
result in us receiving multiple fees for a transaction, depending on the role we play. In a transaction using a Visa or MasterCard card, the allocation
of funds resulting from a $100 transaction is as follows: *Excludes commissions Approximately 20% of leading e-commerce merchants in Russia
use the PayOnline platform to accept payment transactions in Russia, Europe and Asia. Online Transaction Solutions Marketing . The vast
majority of PayOnline sales are direct sales, through our marketing efforts and fully automated leads management system. The marketing
department of PayOnline consists of 5 specialists, responsible for product pricing, company branding and positioning, monitoring
of competitors and technological developments, public relations and web marketing activities. Our marketing mix includes, but not
limited to: · | Search Engine Optimization – PayOnline is in the top 10 results with most frequently used keywords in Google.ru and Yandex search engines.
· | Social Media – PayOnline social media channels include Facebook, Vkontakte, Twitter, YouTube.
· | Corporate Blog – Our corporate blog featured on popular developer communities like HabraHabr and GeekTimes is consistently in the Top 10. · | Industry Research – Every year PayOnline specialists prepare and publish over 120+ research papers on popular e-commerce and IT development forums.
· | RUNET – PayOnline is a payment processing provider for RUNET-ID (Russia’s largest Internet professionals’ social platform), Russian Internet Forum and Russian Interactive Week.
· | Conferences – Every year our experts participate in 30+ trade shows and professional conferences.
· | Education – Our senior managers are frequently invited by top Russian Federation universities and business schools as lecturers. 13 During 2016, we attracted 320 new clients, of which 92% were
in Russian Federation / CIS and 8% in Europe and Asia. Merchants we served during 2016 processed an average of $54,325 each month
in credit card transactions and had an average transaction value of $21.30 per transaction. During 2016, our sales department consists
of 25 specialists who are responsible for managing the leads, execution of the client agreements, client boarding, customization
of the solutions, implementation of the payment acceptance solutions and post-sale client relationship. Online Solutions. Our solutions combine payment
processing, online shopping cart tools, web site design, web hosting and web related services which enable businesses to establish
a presence and commercial capability on the Internet in a quick and simple fashion. PayOnline Platform – We have developed the
PayOnline Platform, a proprietary technology platform serving large and fast growing internet-led multinationals with complex payment
needs, supported by our vertical expertise. Our reliable and secure proprietary technology platform enables merchants to accept
a vast array of payment types, across multiple channels, anywhere in the world. Utilizing PayOnline Platform, we have built universal
flexible payment solution adapted for websites and mobile applications. The solution includes: · | Personal Client Area: web-interface for clients to control and manage payments. · | Adaptive payment form with the possibility of customization. · | Simple payment process: binding card to account, moment payments, recurrent payments, temporary blocking of payment, reserving of payments, invoicing by e-mail. · | Customization of protocol 3-D Secure for client's business needs. · | Ability to customize the default settings of anti-fraud system. · | Integrations with various Global Distribution Systems (“GDS”) such as Amadeus®, Galileo®, Sabre®, additional geo filters and passenger name record (PNR). · | Integrations with Apple iOS, Android and Microsoft mobile platforms for mobile application. Payments from Start to Finish. PayOnline Platform reduces
the payment integration time for merchants, banks and SaaS providers to just a few minutes with its PayOnline Application Program
Interface (“API”) service. Easy, easier, easiest: PayOnline integration service simplifies complex payment integration
when using APIs and makes the laborious task of adapting payment processes obsolete. Complete Toolkit for Online Business. More than
20 integration modules for the world's most popular CMS (Content Management System) are available for clients with sites created
on basis of CMS. A complete, modular system of web-based services gives our merchants the flexibility to add more options as and
when required - without costly or lengthy IT projects. Online Solutions Competition. PayOnline primarily
competes with other companies operating in the online payment processing market in emerging markets. In our key geographical market
– Russian Federation, we compete primarily with the acquiring banks and payment processors (including payment aggregators).
PayOnline cannot compete with acquiring banks or payment processors on pricing. Our major advantages relate to our robust, payment
processor agnostic solution that simplifies complex enterprise online payment processing challenges from payment acceptance and
processing through to risk prevention and payment security via tokenization solutions. Our competitive advantages include: · | Suite of individually tailored e-commerce solutions
· | Payment conversion management
· | Seamless client payment acceptance implementation
· | Quick development and implementation of custom payment acceptance solutions
· | Multiple integrated payment acceptance methods
· | Wide geography of payment acceptance with a single integration
· | More than 120 currencies accepted worldwide
· | Proprietary Anti-Fraud System Online Solutions Industry Mix and Geography. We
have developed significant expertise in industries that we believe present opportunities for growth. These include: · | Internet stores
· | Professional service providers
· | Travel services
· | Telecommunications
· | Social media networks
· | Financial services
· | Utilities and government services
· | Digital content providers 14 Merchants we served during 2017 processed an average of $71,515
each month in credit card transactions and had an average transaction value of $27 per transaction. The following table reflects the percentage concentration of
our merchant base by class: 2017 | 2016
Internet Stores | 36.8 | % | 40.5 | %
Professional Service | 23.0 | % | 19.5 | %
Travel Services | 17.2 | % | 13.6 | %
Telecommunications | 12.0 | % | 12.5 | %
Social Media Networks | 3.3 | % | 3.8 | %
Financial Services | 1.1 | % | 3.8 | %
Utilities and Government Services | 0.4 | % | 4.8 | %
Digital content providers | 3.4 | % | 4.4 | %
Other | 2.8 | % | 1.6 | % Online Solutions Risk Management. In the emerging
markets, we focus our sales efforts on electronic commerce merchants and have developed systems and procedures designed to minimize
our exposure to potential merchant losses and provide our merchants with cross-border payment acceptance. Effective risk management helps us minimize merchant losses
for the mutual benefit of our merchants and ourselves. Our Anti-Fraud System allows us to identify and prevent up to 99.9% of potential
fraud related to bankcard processing in the electronic commerce environment. Our Underwriting and Risk Management Policy and procedures
help to protect us from fraud perpetrated by our merchants. 150 different fraud filters allow our clients to maintain high level
or payment conversion, averaging at 99.2%, while maintaining chargeback related losses as low as .0002 (or 0.023%). Our risk management
is conducted in both manual and automatic modes. Manual Risk Management involves specialists of our Underwriting
and Risk Management Department, who are responsible for the following: · | Analysis of risks and underwriting of our partners, i.e. acquiring banks, financial companies and payment processors
· | Analysis of potential risks and underwriting of our potential clients, i.e. merchants accepting payments over internet
· | Manual validation of disputed payments
· | Advising of our potential and current clients on how to correctly setup up fraud monitoring methods and tools
· | Future development of our fraud monitoring and prevention systems, based on the client needs and recent trends in e-commerce and m-commerce marketplace and regulations PayOnline Anti-Fraud System is our proprietary Fully
Automated Risk Management system. The system is based on the latest know-how of the informational and financial security aspects
of the payment processing industry, as well as rules and recommendations of Visa and MasterCard on fraud prevention in electronic
commerce. Major components of PayOnline Anti-Fraud System include
but are not limited to: · | Advance monitoring of the bank card transaction in automated mode, using 150 filters, individually tuned for each client, where each transaction is evaluated by key parameters, such as country where bank card is issued, country from where the payment is requested, amount of payment, amount of all payments by this card in the past 24 hours/month, IP address, etc.
· | Additional validation of the bankcard by using 3-D Secure protocol or validation by charging random amount on the card.
· | Monitoring of the transactions by specialists of the Underwriting and Risk Management Department. Online Solutions Licensing and Certifications. In order to perform services at the highest level of safety and quality of service, PayOnline holds various industry certifications
and licenses. · | PCI DSS Level 1 – PayOnline is certified to Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard (“PCI DSS”) Level 1 standard version 3.2 PCI DSS. Certificate received by PayOnline March 2, 2018, allows the company to process online payment transactions. During 2017, PayOnline was certified to PCI DSS Level 1 version 3.1, as of February 22, 2017.
· | SDP / CISP – PayOnline has passed international certification by Visa and MasterCard and is involved in MasterCard Site Data Protection (“SDP”) program and the Visa Cardholder Information Security Program (“CISP”).
· | MasterCard – Since 2009, PayOnline is accredited as the official international Service Provider of MasterCard Worldwide, participates in the MasterCard SDP program and, in addition, has the status of MasterCard DataStorage Entity.
· | Visa –Since 2009, PayOnline is accredited as the official Service Provider of Visa International payment system, participates in the Visa CISP program and holds the status of Visa Third Party Processor (“TPP”). 15 · | Cryptographic Transport Layer Security (“TLS”) Protocol – Data exchange between the enterprise e-commerce and PayOnline is made via secure channels, using the HTTPS protocol. TLS cryptographic protocol uses asymmetric cryptography for authentication, symmetric encryption for confidentiality and authenticity of the message codes to preserve the integrity of messages. · | Qualys – PayOnline regularly passes ASV-scan procedure (automated external security audit) provided by Qualys in accordance with the requirements of international payment systems to companies with certified PCI DSS. Approximately 50 companies from the Forbes Global 100 list use Qualys to secure their business. Online Solutions Sponsoring Banks and Data Processors. Because we are not a “member bank” or a licensed financial services institution as defined by Visa, MasterCard, American
Express and Discover (“Card Brands”), in order to authorize and settle payment transactions for merchants, we must
be partner with a financial institution that holds member bank status with the Card Brands (“Partner Bank”) and various
third-party vendors (“Data Processors”) to assist us with these functions. Card Brand rules restrict us from performing
funds settlement or accessing merchant settlement funds and require that these funds be in the possession of a Partner Bank until
the merchant is funded. Partner Bank . Since 2008, PayOnline has been working
to increase the number of partnership agreements and platform integrations with different banks, financial institutions and payment
processors. Our worldwide expansion requires a broader range of regions and currencies covered by such partnership agreements,
enabling us to provide international payment processing. Our key partnerships and integrations in Russian Federation
include: · | Bank of Moscow | · | QIWI Bank
· | VTB Bank | · | WebMoney
· | Round Bank | · | Absolutbank
· | Raiffesenbank | · | Yandex.Money
· | SDM Bank Our key partnerships and integrations in Europe, Asia and the
United States include: · | Latvijas Pasta Banka | · | Kyrgyzkommertsbank
· | Rietumu Bank | · | Paysafe
· | Wirecard Bank | · | Authorize.net
· | Kazkommertsbank | · | Skrill
· | Kazkommertsbank Tajikistan | · | PayPal As an example of processing an electronic payment, the below
diagram illustrates the participants involved in a payment transaction. There are four main participants, the Merchant, the Service
Provider ( PayOnline ), the Partner Bank and the Data Processor ( PayOnline ). Merchants are primarily business owners
that accept credit card payment in exchange for their merchandise and services. Research and Development We recognize the importance of having access to the leading
technology in order to develop advanced products for our customers, independent sales agents, consumers and for our own internal
use. To this end, development of our products is conducted in-house. We are maintaining three development centers and four development
teams of IT architects, quality assurance professionals and software developers. We support mobile platforms including Apple®
iOS, Android®, and Windows®. We also support server side software development for Java, ASP.NET, and PHP platforms.
We also provide user experience (UX) and user interface (UI) engineering and system administration dedicated to financial services
and value-added technology businesses. Our IT development center is headquartered in North Miami Beach,
Florida (U.S.), where we employ a Chief Technology Officer (“CTO”) and POS products Testing & Development Engineer. Our Moscow (Russia) IT development center employs two technical
directors, managing Digital Provider and PayOnline platform development teams. Our representative office in Yekaterinburg (Russia) employs
two team leaders managing Sales Central and our value-added services development teams. 16 Intellectual Property We have several trademarks and service marks, which are important
to our business. The following trademarks and service marks are the subject of trademark registrations and are used in our financial
services business: · | Net Element | · | Restoactive
· | Unified Payments | · | TOT
· | PayOnline | · | Digital Provider
· | Payonline.ru | · | Netevia We regard our software as proprietary and attempt to protect
it, where applicable, with copyrights, trade secret measures and non-disclosure agreements. Despite these protections, it may be
possible for competition or users to copy aspects of our intellectual property or to obtain information that we regard as trade
secrets. Existing copyright laws afford only limited practical protection for computer software. The laws of foreign countries
generally do not protect our proprietary rights in our products to the same extent as the laws of the United States. In addition,
we may experience more difficulty in enforcing our proprietary rights in certain foreign jurisdictions. Employees Our total number of staff as of December 31, 2017 was 97 full-time
employees. The staff in the United States was 30 employees and in Russia we had 67 employees. Corporate History Our Company was formed in 2010 and incorporated as a Cayman
Islands exempted company with limited liability under the name Cazador Acquisition Corporation Ltd. (“Cazador”). Cazador
was a blank check company incorporated for the purpose of effecting a merger; share capital exchange; asset acquisition; share
purchase; reorganization or similar business combination with one or more operating businesses or assets. In 2012, Cazador completed
a merger (the “Merger”) with Net Element, Inc., a Delaware corporation, which was a company with businesses in the
online media and mobile commerce payment processing markets. Immediately prior to the effectiveness of the Merger, the Company
(then known as Cazador) changed its jurisdiction of incorporation by discontinuing as an exempted company in the Cayman Islands
and continuing and domesticating as a corporation incorporated under the laws of the State of Delaware. Effective upon consummation
of the Merger, (i) Net Element, Inc. was merged with and into the Company, resulting in Net Element ceasing to exist and the Company
continuing as the surviving company in the Merger, and (ii) the Company changed its name to Net Element International, Inc. In
2013, the Company divested its non-core entertainment assets. In December 2013, the Company changed its name to Net Element, Inc.
We entered the mobile payments business through the launch of Tot Money (renamed Digital Provider in 2015) in Russia in 2012. We
entered the financial technology and value-added transactional service business through the acquisitions of Unified Payments in
April 2013 and Aptito in June 2013. We entered the online payment business with our acquisition of PayOnline in May 2015. Our principal
office is located at 3363 NE 163 rd Street, Suite 705, North Miami Beach, Florida 33160, and our main telephone
number is (305) 507-8808. Regulation Various aspects of our business are subject to U.S. and non-U.S.
federal, state and local regulation. The operations of our subsidiary, Digital Provider, are subject to regulation in non-U.S.
markets it operates in and may become subject to the laws and regulations of additional foreign jurisdictions as and when its business
expands into additional markets. Many domestic and foreign laws and regulations that affect companies conducting business on the
Internet and companies transmitting user information and payments via text message or other electronic means are still evolving
and the interpretation of such laws and regulations are often uncertain. Failure to comply with applicable laws and regulations
may result in the suspension or revocation of licenses or registrations, the limitation, suspension or termination of services
and/or the imposition of civil and criminal penalties and/or fines. The services of Digital Provider to mobile phone carriers also
are subject to certain of the rules and policies of such carriers and ongoing contractual covenants with such carriers, the violation
of which may result in penalties and/or fines and possible termination of Digital Provider's services. Certain of our services
are also subject to rules set by various payment networks, such as Visa and MasterCard, as more fully described below under "Association
and Network Rules". Association and Network Rules. While not legal or governmental regulation, we are subject to the network rules of Visa, MasterCard
and other payment networks. In order to provide processing services, a number of our subsidiaries are registered with Visa and/or
MasterCard as service providers for member institutions. Various subsidiaries of ours are also processor level members of numerous
networks or are otherwise subject to various network rules in connection with processing services and other services we provide.
As such, we are subject to applicable card association, networks and national scheme rules that could subject us to fines or penalties.
The payment networks routinely update and modify their requirements. On occasion, we receive notices of non-compliance and fines,
which might be related to excessive chargebacks by a merchant or data security failures. Our failure to comply with the networks'
requirements or to pay the fines they impose could cause the termination of our registration and require us to stop providing payment
services. Dodd-Frank Act. In July 2010, the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform
and Consumer Protection Act of 2010 was signed into law in the United States. The Dodd-Frank Act has resulted in significant structural
and other changes to the regulation of the financial services industry. Among other things, the Dodd-Frank Act established the
Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, or CFPB, to regulate consumer financial services, including many offered by our clients. 17 The Dodd-Frank Act provided two self-executing statutory provisions
limiting the ability of payment card networks to impose certain restrictions that became effective in July 2010. The first provision
allows merchants to set minimum dollar amounts (not to exceed $10) for the acceptance of a credit card (and allows federal governmental
entities and institutions of higher education to set maximum amounts for the acceptance of credit cards). The second provision
allows merchants to provide discounts or incentives to entice consumers to pay with cash, checks, debit cards or credit cards,
as the merchant prefers. Separately, the so-called Durbin Amendment to the Dodd-Frank
Act provided that interchange fees that a card issuer or payment network receives or charges for debit transactions will now be
regulated by the Federal Reserve and must be "reasonable and proportional" to the cost incurred by the card issuer in
authorizing, clearing and settling the transaction. Payment network fees, such as switch fees may not be used directly or indirectly
to compensate card issuers in circumvention of the interchange transaction fee restrictions. In July 2011, the Federal Reserve
published the final rules governing debit interchange fees. Effective in October 2011, debit interchange rates for card issuing
financial institutions with more than $10 billion of assets are capped at $0.21 per transaction with an additional component of
five basis points of the transaction's value to reflect a portion of the issuer's fraud losses plus, for qualifying issuing financial
institutions, an additional $0.01 per transaction in debit interchange for fraud prevention costs. The debit interchange fee would
be $0.24 per transaction on a $38 debit card transaction, the average transaction size for debit card transactions. In July 2013,
the U.S. District Court for the District of Columbia determined that the Federal Reserve's regulations implementing the Durbin
Amendment were invalid. The U.S. Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia, or D.C. Circuit, reversed this decision on March
21, 2014, generally upholding the Federal Reserve's interpretation of the Durbin Amendment and the Federal Reserve's rules implementing
it. On August 18, 2014, the plaintiffs in this litigation filed a petition for a writ of certiorari asking the U.S. Supreme Court
to review the D.C. Circuit's decision with respect to the interchange fee cap. We continue to monitor developments in the litigation
surrounding these rules. Regardless of the outcome of the litigation, the cap on interchange fees is not expected to have a material
direct impact on our results of operations. In addition, the new rules contain prohibitions on network exclusivity
and merchant routing restrictions. Beginning in October 2011, (i) a card payment network may not prohibit a card issuer from contracting
with any other card payment network for the processing of electronic debit transactions involving the issuer's debit cards and
(ii) card issuing financial institutions and card payment networks may not inhibit the ability of merchants to direct the routing
of debit card transactions over any card payment networks that can process the transactions. Since April 2012, most debit card
issuers have been required to enable at least two unaffiliated card payment networks on each debit card. We do not expect the prohibition
on network exclusivity to impact our ability to pass on network fees and other costs to our clients. These regulatory changes create
both opportunities and challenges for us. Increased regulation may add to the complexity of operating a payment processing business,
creating an opportunity for larger competitors to differentiate themselves both in product capabilities and service delivery. Federal Trade Commission Act and Other Laws Impacting our Customers' Business. All persons engaged in commerce, including, but
not limited to, us and our merchant and financial institution customers are subject to Section 5 of the Federal Trade Commission
Act prohibiting unfair or deceptive acts or practices, or UDAP. In addition, there are other laws, rules and or regulations, including
the Telemarketing Sales Act, that may directly impact the activities of our merchant customers and in some cases may subject us,
as the merchant's payment processor, to investigations, fees, fines and disgorgement of funds in the event we are deemed to have
aided and abetted or otherwise provided the means and instrumentalities to facilitate the illegal activities of the merchant through
our payment processing services. Various federal and state regulatory enforcement agencies including the Federal Trade Commission,
or FTC, and the states' attorney general have authority to take action against nonbanks that engage in UDAP or violate other laws,
rules and regulations and to the extent we are processing payments for a merchant that may be in violation of laws, rules and regulations,
we may be subject to enforcement actions and as a result may incur losses and liabilities that may impact our business. Anti-Money Laundering and Counter Terrorist Regulation. We are
also subject to U.S. federal anti-money laundering laws and regulations, including the Bank Secrecy Act, as amended by the USA
PATRIOT Act of 2001 (collectively, the BSA). The BSA requires, among other things, that money services businesses to develop and
implement risk-based anti-money laundering programs, report large cash transactions and suspicious activity and maintain transaction
records We are additionally subject to economic and trade sanctions
programs administered by the Treasury Department’s Office of Foreign Assets Control, or OFAC. These programs prohibit or
restrict transactions to or from or dealings with specified countries, their governments and, in certain circumstances, their nationals,
narcotics traffickers, and terrorists or terrorist organizations. We are also subject to other countries’ laws, where applicable,
regarding anti-money laundering, counter terrorist financing and proceeds of crime. Privacy . Our financial institution clients are required
to comply with privacy regulations imposed under the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act. These regulations place restrictions on the use of
non-public personal information. All financial institutions must disclose detailed privacy policies to their customers and offer
them the opportunity to direct the financial institution not to share information with third parties. The regulations, however,
permit financial institutions to share information with non-affiliated parties who perform services for the financial institutions.
We believe that our company’s present activities fall under exceptions to the consumer notice and opt-out requirements in
this law for third-party service providers to financial institutions. However, the laws governing privacy generally remain unsettled.
We will update our policies and procedures, where relevant, should it be determined that our activities do not fall within exceptions
to Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act requirements. Our businesses operating outside of the U.S. may be subject to other legal requirements
concerning the use and protection of certain customer information. 18 Anti-Corruption. We are subject to applicable anti-corruption
laws, such as the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, in the jurisdictions in which we operate. Anti-corruption laws generally
prohibit offering, promising, giving, or authorizing others to give anything of value, either directly or indirectly, to a government
official or private party in order to influence official action or otherwise gain an unfair business advantage Anti-Boycott. We are required to comply with U.S. anti-boycott
regulations. U.S. law prohibits cooperation with any “illegal boycott request,” which includes a request from a third
party to take certain actions against countries friendly to the U.S. These prohibited actions include, but are not limited to,
refusal to do business with or in countries friendly to the U.S., or with other persons or entities that do business in or with
countries friendly to the U.S.; furnishing information about business relationships with or in countries friendly to the U.S.;
and executing business documents such as contracts, letters of credit, warranties that contain illegal boycott requests. Other Laws and Regulations Since we collect certain information from members and users
on our platform, we will be subject to current and future government regulations regarding the collection, use and safeguarding
of consumer information over the Internet and mobile communication devices. These regulations and laws may involve taxation, tariffs,
user privacy, rights of publicity, data protection, content, intellectual property, distribution, electronic contracts and other
communications, consumer protection and electronic payment services. In many cases, it may be unclear how existing laws governing
issues such as property ownership, sales and other taxes, libel and personal privacy apply to the Internet or mobile communication
services as the vast majority of these laws were adopted prior to the advent of these technologies and do not contemplate or address
the unique issues raised by the Internet and e-commerce. There are a number of legislative proposals that are anticipated
or pending before the U.S. Congress, various state legislative bodies, and foreign governments concerning data protection which
could affect us. Many states, for example, have already passed laws requiring notification to subscribers when there is a security
breach of personal data. It is possible that these laws may be interpreted and applied in a manner that is inconsistent with our
data practices. If so, in addition to the possibility of fines, this could result in an order requiring that we change our data
practices, which could have an adverse effect on our business. In addition, some states are interpreting their own statutes differently
than federal law. This may create additional compliance burdens. We are subject to foreign laws and regulations that affect the
electronic payments industry in each of the foreign countries in which we operate. Some of these countries, such as the Russian
Federation and the United Kingdom, have undergone significant political, economic and social change in recent years. In these countries,
there is a greater risk of new, unforeseen changes that could result from, among other things, instability or changes in a country’s
or region’s economic conditions; changes in laws or regulations or in the interpretation of existing laws or regulations,
whether caused by a change in government or otherwise; increased difficulty of conducting business in a country or region due to
actual or potential political or military conflict; or action by the European Union or the United States, Canada or other governments
that may restrict our ability to transact business in a foreign country or with certain foreign individuals or entities, such as
sanctions by or against the Russian Federation. Legislation could be passed that limits our ability to use or
store information about our users. The Federal Trade Commission (the "FTC") and various states have established regulatory
guidelines issued under the Federal Trade Commission Act and various state acts, respectively, that govern the collection, use
and storage of consumer information, establishing principles relating to notice, consent, access and data integrity and security.
Our practices are designed to comply with these guidelines. For example, we disclose that we collect a range of information about
our users, such as their names, email addresses, search histories and activity on our platform. We also use and store such information
primarily to personalize the experience on our platforms, provide customer support and display relevant advertising. While we do
not sell or share personally identifiable information with third parties for direct marketing purposes, we do have relationships
with third parties that may allow them access to user information for other purposes. The foregoing list of laws and regulations to which we are subject
is not exhaustive, and the regulatory framework governing our operations changes continuously. Enactment of new laws and regulations
may affect our operations, and could potentially result in increased regulatory compliance costs, litigation expense, adverse publicity,
and/or loss of revenue. We believe our policies and practices comply with the FTC privacy guidelines and other applicable laws
and regulations. However, if our belief proves incorrect, or if these guidelines, laws or regulations or their interpretations
change or new legislation or regulations are enacted, we may be compelled to provide additional disclosures to our users, obtain
additional consents from our users before collecting or using their information or implement new safeguards to help our users manage
our (or others') use of their information, among other changes. Rules and Policies of and Contractual Covenants with Mobile
Phone Carriers . While not governmental regulation, Digital Provider is subject to certain of the rules and policies of
mobile phone carriers to which Digital Provider provides payment processing services and ongoing contractual covenants with such
mobile phone carriers. The mobile phone carriers may from time to time update or otherwise modify or supplement their rules and
policies. Digital Provider periodically is subject to the imposition of fines or penalties as a result of failure to comply with
such rules, policies and/or contractual covenants. Digital Provider’s failure to comply with the mobile phone carriers’
respective requirements or to pay the fines or penalties they impose could result in the termination of Digital Provider’s
services. 19 Telematics Laws and Regulations in the Russian Federation .
The relationships between Digital Provider and telecommunications carriers in Russia are governed by the general rules of civil
law for the provision of services (Chapter 39 of the Civil Code of the Russian Federation). In addition, because the “information
and entertainment services” (content services) provided by Digital Provider are inextricably linked with the networks of
telecommunications carriers, these services are subject to the requirements of the Rules of Mobile Communications Services Provision,
approved by the Decree of the Russian Federation Government dated May 25, 2005 No. 328. These Rules govern the relationship between
a customer using mobile communication services and a telecommunications carrier in respect of mobile radio communications services,
mobile radiotelephone services and/or mobile satellite radio services in the public network. Although Digital Provider is not a
telecommunications carrier, many requirements of such Rules are present in Digital Provider’s contracts with telecommunications
carriers, and such contracts impose responsibility and liability on Digital Provider for violations. Digital Provider has a license for the provision of telematics
services in Russia. Digital Provider is considered an operator of telematics services in Russia because it has a direct connection
to equipment of telecommunications carriers and it affects electronic communications (i.e., receiving, processing and/or transmitting
electronic messages). Operators of telematics services in Russia are regulated by the Federal Law “On Communication”
dated July 2, 2003 No. 126-FZ. This Federal Law provides the legal basis for activity in the field of communications in the Russian
Federation and territories under the Russian Federation jurisdiction, defines the powers of public authorities in the field of
communications, as well as the rights and responsibilities of persons involved in such activities or using communication services.
Digital Provider also is subject to the Rules of Telematics Services Provision approved by the Decree of the Russian Federation
Government dated September 10, 2007 No. 575. These Rules govern the relationship between a customer or a user, on the one hand,
and a telecommunications carrier providing telematics communication services, on the other hand, in the provision of telematics
communication services. The activity of Digital Provider to some extent is regulated
by the Federal Law “On Operational and Investigative Activities” dated August 12, 1995 No. 144-FZ. This Federal Law
determines the content of the operational and investigative activities in the Russian Federation, and provides for a system of
guarantees in the process of operational and investigative operations. Operational and investigative activities include activities
carried out openly and secretly by operational branches of certain government bodies in order to protect life, health, rights and
freedoms of the person and the citizen, property, security of the society and the state from criminal attacks. In carrying out activities on the Internet in Russia, Digital
Provider is subject to the Federal Law “On Advertising” dated March 13, 2006 No. 38-FZ. The objectives of this Federal
Law are the development of markets for goods and services based on the principles of fair competition, ensuring the common economic
space in the Russian Federation, the realization of the rights of consumers to receive fair and accurate advertising, creating
favorable conditions for the production and distribution of public service announcements, preventions of violations of the Russian
Federation on advertising, as well as the suppression of improper advertising. Digital Provider’s activities on the Internet
in Russia also are subject to the Federal Law “On Protection of Children from Information Harmful to Health” dated
December 29, 2010 No. 436-FZ. This Federal Law provides regulations protecting children from information harmful to their health
and/or development. Concerning relations with Federal communication service providers,
Digital Provider can be involved in regulation of personal data of subscribers. In case of transferring by Federal communication
service providers’ information which includes personal data Digital Provider has to take measures to protect such data as
the operator of personal data must take. The list of such measures is described in Federal Law “On Personal Data” dated
27.07.2006 No 152. This Federal Law and Federal Law “On Communication” establish rules of usage of personal data of
subscribers. Taking into account that this regulation is to be applied only in case of transferring information with personal data
from Federal communication service providers it is important to clarify that common execution of contracts with these providers
do not stipulate transferring of personal data. Seasonality Historically, we have experienced seasonal fluctuations in our
revenues as a result of consumer spending patterns. Revenues have been weaker during the first quarter of the calendar year and
stronger during the second, third and fourth quarters. We expect our business to continue experiencing seasonal fluctuations consistent
with this historical pattern. Available Information We are subject to the informational requirements of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934 and file or furnish reports, proxy statements, and other information with the SEC. You can read our SEC filings
over the Internet at the SEC’s website at www.sec.gov. Our filings with the SEC, including our Annual Report on Form 10-K,
Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K, and any amendments to those reports, also are available free of charge
on the investors section of our website at http://investor.netelement.com/en/ir when such reports are available on the SEC’s
website. Further corporate governance information, including our certificate of incorporation, bylaws, governance guidelines, board
committee charters, and code of business conduct and ethics, is also available on the investors section of our website. You may also read and copy any document we file with the SEC
at its public reference facilities at 100 F Street, N.E., Room 1580, Washington, DC 20549. You may also obtain copies of the documents
at prescribed rates by writing to the Public Reference Section at the SEC at 100 F Street, NE, Room 1580, Washington, DC 20549.
Please call the SEC at 1-800-SEC-0330 for further information on the operation of the public reference facilities. The contents
of the websites referred to above are not incorporated into this filing or in any other report or document we file with the SEC,
and any references to these websites are intended to be inactive textual references only. 20 Item 1A. Risk Factors. Investing in our securities involves a high degree of risk.
You should carefully consider the risks and uncertainties described below, together with all of the other information in this Report,
including “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” and our consolidated
financial statements and related notes, as well as the preceding “Business” section of this Report, before engaging
in any transaction in our securities. Any of the following risks could materially and adversely affect our business, financial
condition, results of operations and/or prospects, and cause the value of our securities to decline, which could cause you to lose
all or part of your investment. Risks Related to Our Business and Operations We have incurred significant losses and we may continue
to experience losses in the future. Since our inception, we have incurred significant operating
losses. We sustained a net loss of approximately $10 million for the year ended December 31, 2017 and an accumulated deficit of
approximately $167.4 million at December 31, 2017. We had a positive working capital of approximately $4.3 million at December
31, 2017. Our current assets at December 31, 2017 included $11.3 million in cash, $5.5 million of accounts receivable and $1.6
million in prepaid expenses. Our current liabilities included $10.5 million in accounts payable and accrued expenses, $1.7 million
in deferred revenue and $2.5 million in current notes payable. As of the filing date of this Report with the SEC, management expects
that our cash balance will be sufficient to fund our $4.8 million projected operating cash flow shortfall over the next twelve
months. We may continue to incur losses in the future and may never generate revenues sufficient to become profitable or to sustain
profitability. Continuing losses may impair our ability to raise any additional
funds required to continue and expand our operations. Additional funds may be raised through debt financing and/or the issuance
of equity securities, there being no assurance that any type of financing on terms satisfactory to us will be available or otherwise
occur. Debt financing must be repaid regardless of whether we generate
revenues or cash flows from operations and may be secured by substantially all of our assets. Any equity financing or debt financing
that requires the issuance of equity securities or warrants to the lender would cause the percentage ownership by our current stockholders
to be diluted, which dilution may be substantial. Also, any additional equity securities issued may have rights, preferences or
privileges senior to those of existing stockholders. If such financings are not available when required or are not available on
acceptable terms, we may be unable to implement our business plans or take advantage of business opportunities, any of which could
have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and/or prospects and may ultimately
require us to suspend or cease operations, which could cause investors to lose the entire amount of their investment. Global economic, political, and other conditions may adversely
affect trends in consumer, business, and government spending, which may adversely impact the demand for our services and our revenue
and profitability. Financial services, payments, and technology industries in which
we operate depend heavily upon the overall level of consumer, business, and government spending. A sustained deterioration in the
general economic conditions (including distress in financial markets, turmoil in specific economies around the world, and additional
government intervention), particularly in the United States or Europe, or increases in interest rates in key countries in which
we operate may adversely affect our financial performance by reducing the number or average purchase amount of transactions involving
payment cards. A reduction in the amount of consumer spending could result in a decrease of our revenue and profits. The current
threats to global economic growth include geopolitical instability in Russia, Ukraine, the Middle East and other oil producing
countries. Instability in these regions could affect economic conditions in Europe and the United States. Adverse economic trends may accelerate the timing, or increase
the impact of, risks to our financial performance. Such trends may include, but are not limited to, the following: · | Declining economies, foreign currency fluctuations, and the pace of economic recovery can change consumer spending behaviors on which a significant portion of our revenues are dependent.
· | Low levels of consumer and business confidence typically associated with recessionary environments, and those markets experiencing relatively high unemployment, may cause decreased spending by cardholders.
· | Budgetary concerns in the United States and other countries around the world could affect the United States and other specific sovereign credit ratings, impact consumer confidence and spending, and increase the risks of operating in those countries.
· | Emerging market economies tend to be more volatile than the more established markets we serve in the United States and Europe, and adverse economic trends may be more pronounced in such emerging markets.
· | Financial institutions may restrict credit lines to cardholders or limit the issuance of new cards to mitigate cardholder defaults.
· | Uncertainty and volatility in the performance of our clients' businesses may make estimates of our revenues, rebates, incentives, and realization of prepaid assets less predictable.
· | Our clients may decrease spending for value-added services.
· | Government intervention, including the effect of laws, regulations, and /or government investments in our clients, may have potential negative effects on our business and our relationships with our clients or otherwise alter their strategic direction away from our products. 21 A weakening in the economy could also force some retailers to
close, resulting in exposure to potential credit losses and declines in transactions, and reduced earnings on transactions due
to a potential shift to large discount merchants. Additionally, credit card issuers may reduce credit limits and become more selective
in their card issuance practices. Changes in economic conditions could adversely impact our future revenues and profits and result
in a downgrade of our corporate capacity to borrow, which may lead to termination or modification of certain contracts and make
it more difficult for us to obtain new business. Any of these developments could have a material adverse impact on our overall
business and results of operations. Our ability to anticipate and respond to changing industry
trends and the needs and preferences of our clients and consumers may affect our competitiveness or demand for our products, which
may adversely affect our operating results. Financial services, payments, and technology industries are
subject to rapid technological advancements, new products and services, including mobile payment applications, evolving competitive
landscape, developing industry standards, and changing client and consumer needs and preferences. We expect that new services and
technologies applicable to the financial services, payments, and technology industries will continue to emerge. These changes in
technology may limit the competitiveness of and demand for our services. Also, our clients and their customers continue to adopt
new technology for business and personal uses. We must anticipate and respond to these changes in order to remain competitive within
our relative markets. For example, our ability to provide innovative POS technologies to our merchant clients could have an impact
on our North American Transaction Solutions segment. Failure to develop value-added services that meet the needs
and preferences of our clients could have an adverse effect on our ability to compete effectively in our industry. Furthermore,
clients' and their customers' potential negative reaction to our products and services can spread quickly through social media
and damage our reputation before we have the opportunity to respond. If we are unable to anticipate or respond to technological
changes or evolving industry standards on a timely basis, our ability to remain competitive could be materially adversely affected. Substantial and increasingly intense competition worldwide
in the financial services, payments, and technology industries may materially and adversely affect our overall business and operations. Financial services, payments, and technology industries are
highly competitive and our payment solutions compete against all forms of financial services and payment systems, including cash
and checks, and electronic, mobile, and e-commerce payment platforms. If we are unable to differentiate ourselves from our competitors,
drive value for our clients and/or effectively align our resources with our goals and objectives, we may not be able to compete
effectively. Our competitors may introduce their own value-added or other services or solutions more effectively than we do, which
could adversely impact our growth. We also compete against new entrants that have developed alternative payment systems, e-commerce
payment systems, and payment systems for mobile devices. Failure to compete effectively against any of these competitive threats
could have a material adverse effect on us. In addition, the highly competitive nature of our industry could lead to increased
pricing pressure which could have a material impact on our overall business and results of operations. Potential changes in the competitive landscape, including disintermediation
from other participants in the payments value chain, could harm our business. We expect that the competitive landscape will continue to change,
including: · | Rapid and significant changes in technology, resulting in new and innovative payment methods and programs that could place us at a competitive disadvantage and that could reduce the use of our products.
· | Competitors, clients, governments, and other industry participants may develop products that compete with or replace our value-added products and services.
· | Participants in the financial services, payments, and technology industries may merge, create joint ventures, or form other business combinations that may strengthen their existing business services or create new payment services that compete with our services.
· | New services and technologies that we develop may be impacted by industry-wide solutions and standards related to migration to EMV chip technology, tokenization, or other safety and security technologies. Failure to compete effectively against any of these competitive
threats could have a material adverse effect on us. The market for our electronic commerce services is evolving
and may not continue to develop or grow rapidly enough for us to develop and increase our profitability. If the number of electronic commerce transactions does not continue
to grow or if consumers or businesses do not continue to adopt our services, it could have a material adverse effect on the profitability
of our business, financial condition, and results of operations. We believe future growth in the electronic commerce market will
be driven by the cost, ease-of-use, and quality of products and services offered to consumers and businesses. In order to consistently
increase and maintain our profitability, consumers and businesses must continue to adopt our services, including our merchant suite,
Aptito and PayOnline solutions. If we cannot compete effectively, we will lose business. We believe our mobile payment processing business is positioned
to be competitive in our target markets. We cannot guarantee that we will be able to maintain or increase revenues from our existing
operations, or that our proposed future operations will be implemented successfully. Our principal competitive considerations include: 22 · | financial resources to allocate to proper marketing and sales efforts;
· | the ability to develop and maintain our operations, applications and technologies;
· | the ability to effectively implement our business plans and strategies;
· | establishing our brand name;
· | financial resources to support working capital needs and required capital investments; and
· | effects of sanctions on our business. We rely on third-party processors and service providers;
if they fail or no longer agree to provide their services, our merchant relationships could be adversely affected and we could
lose business. We rely on agreements with several large payment processing
organizations to enable us to provide card authorization, data capture, settlement and merchant accounting services and access
to various reporting tools for the merchants we serve. We also outsource other services including reorganizing and accumulating
daily transaction data on a merchant-by-merchant and card issuer-by-card issuer basis and forwarding the accumulated data to the
relevant Payment Card Brands. Many of these organizations and service providers are our competitors, and we do not have long-term
contracts with most of them. Typically, our contracts with these third parties are for one-year and are subject to cancellation
upon limited notice by either party. The termination by our service providers of their arrangements with us or their failure to
perform their services efficiently and effectively may adversely affect our relationships with the merchants whose accounts we
serve and may cause those merchants to terminate their processing agreements with us . We rely on bank sponsors, which have substantial discretion
with respect to certain elements of our business practices, in order to process bankcard transactions. If these sponsorships are
terminated and we are not able to secure or successfully migrate merchant portfolios to new bank sponsors, we will not be able
to conduct our business. Because we are not a bank, we are unable to belong to and attain
direct membership to Visa and MasterCard. Visa and MasterCard operating regulations require us to be sponsored by a bank in order
to process bankcard transactions. We are currently registered with Visa and MasterCard through the sponsorship from banks that
are members of the card brands. The principal sponsoring bank through which we process the significant majority of our transactions
is BMO Harris Bank. If our sponsorships are terminated and we are not able to secure or successfully migrate merchant portfolios
to new bank sponsors, we will not be able to conduct our business. If we or our bank sponsors fail to adhere to the standards
of Visa and MasterCard, our registrations with these organizations could be terminated, and we could be required to stop providing
payment processing services for Visa and MasterCard. Substantially all of the transactions we process involve Visa
or MasterCard. If we or our bank sponsors fail to comply with the applicable requirements of the Visa or MasterCard payment card
brands, Visa or MasterCard could suspend or terminate our registration. The termination of our registration or any changes in the
Visa or MasterCard rules that would impair our registration could prevent us from providing transactional processing services. If PayOnline fails to maintain its key partnerships with
banks, financial institutions or payment processors, our financial results could be adversely affected. PayOnline’s business relies on partnering with different
banks, financial institutions and payment processors to expand globally in order to enable it to provide international payment
processing. To the extent PayOnline fails to maintain key partnerships with such banks, financial institutions or payment processors,
our financial results could be adversely affected. Such failure to maintain partnerships may be due to mergers and/or consolidations
of banks, financial institutions and payment processors, which may result in potential changes in their business processes that
could negatively affect PayOnline operations, in particular in emerging markets, such as Kazakhstan. We periodically experience increases in interchange and
other related costs, and if we cannot pass these increases along to our merchants, our profit margins will decline. We pay interchange fees and assessments to issuing banks through
the card brands for each transaction we process using their credit and debit cards. From time to time, the card brands increase
the interchange fees that they charge processors and the sponsoring banks. At their sole discretion, our sponsoring banks have
the right to pass any increases in interchange fees on to us. In addition, our sponsoring banks may seek to increase their Visa
and MasterCard sponsorship fees to us, all of which are based upon the dollar amount of the payment transactions we process. If
we are not able to pass these fee increases along to merchants through corresponding increases in merchant discount, our profit
margins will decline. To acquire and retain merchant accounts, we depend on
independent non-bank sales groups that do not serve us exclusively. We rely on the efforts of ISGs to market our services to merchants
seeking to establish a credit card processing relationship. ISGs are companies that seek to introduce to us, as well as our competitors,
newly established and existing small merchants, including retailers, restaurants and other service providers. Generally, our agreements
with ISGs are not exclusive and they have the right to refer merchants to other providers of transaction payment processing services.
Our failure to maintain our relationships with our existing ISGs and to recruit and establish new relationships with other ISGs
could adversely affect our revenues and internal growth and increase our merchant attrition. 23 Unauthorized disclosure of data, whether through cybersecurity
breaches, computer viruses or otherwise, could expose us to liability, protracted and costly litigation and could damage our reputation. We process, store and/or transmit sensitive data, such as names,
addresses, credit or debit card numbers and bank account numbers, and we may have liability if we fail to protect this data in
accordance with applicable laws and our clients’ specifications. The loss of data could result in significant fines and sanctions
by our clients or governmental bodies, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results
of operations. These concerns about security are increased when we transmit information over the Internet. Computer viruses can
be distributed and spread rapidly over the Internet and could infiltrate our systems, which might disrupt our services and make
them unavailable. In addition, a significant cybersecurity breach could result in payment networks prohibiting us from processing
transactions on their networks or the loss of clients. We have been in the past and could be in the future, subject to breaches
of security by hackers. It is possible that our encryption of data and other protective measures may not prevent unauthorized access.
Although we have not to date incurred material losses or liabilities as a result of those breaches, a future breach of our system
may subject us to material losses or liability, including payment of fines and claims for unauthorized purchases with misappropriated
credit or debit card or bank account information or other similar fraud claims. A misuse of such data or a cybersecurity breach
could harm our reputation and deter clients from using electronic payments generally and our services specifically, increase our
operating expenses in order to correct the breaches or failures, expose us to uninsured liability, increase our risk of regulatory
scrutiny, subject us to lawsuits and/or result in the imposition of material penalties and fines under applicable laws or by our
clients. Our operating results are subject to seasonality, and,
if our revenues are below our seasonal norms during our historically stronger quarters, our financial results could be adversely
affected. We have experienced in the past, and expect to continue to experience,
seasonal fluctuations in our revenues as a result of consumer spending patterns. Historically, revenues have been weaker during
the first quarter of the calendar year and stronger during the second, third and fourth quarters. If, for any reason, our revenues
are below seasonal norms during the second, third or fourth quarter, our business, financial condition and results of operations
could be materially adversely affected. New and potential governmental regulations designed to
protect or limit access to consumer information could adversely affect our ability to provide, or impair the value of, the services
we currently provide to our merchants. Due to the increasing public concern over consumer privacy rights,
governmental bodies in the United States and abroad have adopted, and are considering adopting, additional laws and regulations
restricting the purchase, sale and sharing of personal information about customers. For example, the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act requires
non-affiliated third-party service providers to financial institutions to take certain steps to ensure the privacy and security
of consumer financial information. We believe our present activities fall under exceptions to the consumer notice and opt-out requirements
contained in this law for third-party service providers to financial institutions. However, the laws governing privacy generally
remain unsettled. Even in areas where there has been some legislative action, such as the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act and other consumer
statutes, it is difficult to determine whether and how existing and proposed privacy laws or changes to existing privacy laws will
apply to our business. Limitations on our ability to access and use customer information could adversely affect our ability to
provide the services we currently offer to our merchants or impair the value of these services. Several states have proposed
legislation that would limit the use of personal information gathered using the Internet. Some proposals would require proprietary
online service providers and website owners to establish privacy policies. Congress has also considered privacy legislation that
could further regulate the use of consumer information obtained over the Internet or in other ways. Our compliance with these privacy
laws and related regulations could materially affect our operations. Changes to existing laws or the passage of new laws could: · | create uncertainty in the marketplace that could reduce demand for our services;
· | restrict or limit our ability to sell certain products and services to certain customers;
· | limit our ability to collect and to use merchant and cardholder data; or
· | increase the cost of doing business as a result of litigation costs or increased operating costs; Any changes to existing laws or the passage of new laws that
have effects such as those described above could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results
of operations. If we are required to pay federal, state or local taxes
on transaction processing, it could negatively impact our profit margins. Transaction processing companies may become subject to federal,
state or local taxation of certain portions of their fees charged to merchants for their services. Application of these taxes is
an emerging issue in our industry and taxing jurisdictions have not yet adopted uniform positions on this topic. If we are required
to pay such taxes and are unable to pass this tax expense through to our merchant clients, or are unable to produce increased cash
flow to offset such taxes, these taxes would negatively impact our profit margins. 24 The volume and amounts of the accounts receivable suitable
for assignment to the lenders under our current factoring lines of credit as of the time we choose to draw under such facilities
may vary, thus potentially reducing the amounts of such draws. Any such reductions may adversely affect our ability to satisfy
our working capital and other liquidity needs. Our credit facilities are currently structured as factoring
lines of credit. Pursuant to these credit facilities, we assign certain (but not all) of our trade receivables from mobile
operators to our lenders. The amounts of our draws under such facilities from time to time will depend on the amounts of
the accounts receivable suitable to the lenders under such credit facilities for such assignment as of the time we choose to draw
under such facility. If we require access to immediate liquidity to meet our working capital requirements, our draws under
our credit facilities to satisfy those needs could be potentially reduced (depending on the amounts of the accounts receivable
suitable to the lenders as of the time of any such draw), which could adversely affect our ability to satisfy our working capital
and other liquidity needs. We are subject to foreign laws
and regulations, which are subject to change and uncertain interpretation. We are subject to foreign laws and regulations that affect the
electronic payments industry in each of the foreign countries in which we operate. Some of these countries, such as the Russian
Federation, have undergone significant political, economic and social change in recent years. In these countries, there is a greater
risk of new, unforeseen changes that could result from, among other things, instability or changes in a country’s or region’s
economic conditions; changes in laws or regulations or in the interpretation of existing laws or regulations, whether caused by
a change in government or otherwise; increased difficulty of conducting business in a country or region due to actual or potential
political or military conflict; or action by the European Union, the United States or other governments that may restrict our ability
to transact business in a foreign country or with certain foreign individuals or entities, such as sanctions by or against the
Russian Federation. Proposed foreign legislation and regulations could also affect
our business. For example, the Russian Federal Tax Service is interested in all betting sites that render services to Russian citizens
and wants to have these sites operate their business within the Russian Federation. Some believe that Russian regulators will lobby
for a ban on payments for betting sites operating outside of Russia. If such a bill is adopted, then betting sites not registered
in Russia could be limited in their ability to process payments, which could harm our customers and adversely affect our payment
processing business. Our management has identified continued material weaknesses
in our controls and procedures as of December 31, 2017, which, if not properly remedied, could result in material misstatements
in our financial statements. As of the end of the period covered by this Report, our management
conducted an evaluation, under the supervision and with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer,
of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) and Rule 15d-15(e) under the Exchange
Act). Based on that evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that our disclosure controls
and procedures were not effective because there are a limited number of personnel employed and we cannot have an adequate segregation
of duties, and due to the material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting as discussed in “Management’s
Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting” in Part II, Item 9A of this Report. Accordingly, management cannot provide
reasonable assurance of achieving the desired control objective. Management works to mitigate these risks by being personally involved
in all substantive transactions and attempts to obtain verification of transactions and accounting policies and treatments involving
our operations, including those overseas. We are in the process of reviewing and, where necessary, modifying controls and procedures
throughout the Company and we plan to address deficiencies identified over the next 18-24 months. Acquisition activities could result in operating difficulties,
dilution to our stockholders and other harmful consequences, and we may not achieve the anticipated benefits of the acquisitions. We have built our current business primarily through acquisitions
of intellectual property and other assets in connection with acquiring businesses, such as Unified Payments, Aptito and PayOnline,
and we intend to selectively pursue strategic acquisitions in the future. Future acquisitions could divert management’s time
and focus from operating our business. In addition, integrating an acquired company, business or technology is risky and may result
in unforeseen operating difficulties and expenditures. Foreign acquisitions also involve unique risks related to integration of
operations across different cultures and languages, currency risks and the particular economic, political and regulatory risks
associated with specific countries. We may not accurately assess the value or prospects of acquisition candidates, and the anticipated
benefits from our future or even past acquisitions may not materialize. In addition, future acquisitions or dispositions could
result in potentially dilutive issuances of our equity securities, including our common stock, the incurrence of significant amounts
of debt, contingent liabilities or amortization expenses, or write-offs of goodwill, any of which could negatively affect our financial
condition. We are dependent upon certain key relationships. If any
of our key relationships were to deteriorate, our business prospects, financial condition and results of operations could be materially
adversely affected. Our success, particularly the success of our payment processing
business, is dependent, in part, upon industry relationships of our Chief Executive Officer, Oleg Firer. If we were to lose the
services of Mr. Firer, or if the industry relationships of Mr. Firer on which we rely were to deteriorate, our business prospects,
financial condition and results of operations could be materially adversely affected. To our knowledge, Mr. Firer currently has
no plans to retire or leave us in the near future, and we are not aware of any material adverse developments in his industry relationships.
We do not have “key person” insurance on the life of Mr. Firer or any other member of our management team. 25 If we fail to adequately protect or enforce our intellectual
property rights, competitors may create and market products and services similar to ours. In addition, we may be subject to intellectual
property litigation and infringement claims by third parties. Our ability to compete effectively is dependent in part upon
the proprietary nature of our technologies and software platforms. We generally rely on a combination of trade secret, copyright,
trademark and patent law to protect our proprietary rights in our intellectual properties. Although we attempt to protect our proprietary
technologies through trade secrets, trademarks, patents and license and other agreements, these may be insufficient. In addition,
if we license our software in non-U.S. countries, because of differences in foreign laws concerning proprietary rights, our intellectual
properties may not receive the same degree of protection in non-U.S. countries as they would in the United States. We may not always
be able to successfully protect or enforce our proprietary information and assets against competitors, which may materially adversely
affect our business prospects, financial condition and results of operations. In addition, there can be no assurance that our competitors
will not independently utilize existing technologies to develop products that are substantially equivalent or superior to ours,
which also could materially adversely affect our business prospects, financial condition and results of operations. Although we do not believe that our intellectual properties
infringe the rights of others, and while to date we have not been subject to such claims, we may be exposed to, or threatened with,
future litigation by other parties alleging that our technologies infringe their intellectual property rights. Any intellectual
property claims, regardless of their merit, could be time consuming, expensive to litigate or settle and could divert management
resources and attention. An adverse determination in any intellectual property claim could require us to pay damages and/or stop
using our technologies and other material found to be in violation of another party’s rights and could prevent us from licensing
our technologies to others. In order to avoid these restrictions, we may have to seek a license. Such a license may not be available
on reasonable terms, could require us to pay significant license fees and may significantly increase our operating expenses. A
license also may not be available to us at all. As a result, we may be required to use and/or develop non-infringing alternatives,
which could require significant effort and expense. If we cannot obtain a license or develop alternatives for any infringing aspects
of our business, we may be forced to limit our technologies and may be unable to compete effectively. Any of these adverse consequences
could have a material adverse effect on our business prospects, financial condition and results of operations. Further, from time to time we may be engaged in disputes regarding
the licensing of our intellectual property rights, including matters related to the terms of our licensing arrangements. These
types of disputes can be asserted by our licensees or prospective licensees or by other third parties as part of negotiations with
us or in private actions seeking monetary damages or injunctive relief or in regulatory actions. Requests for monetary and injunctive
remedies asserted in claims like these could be material and could have a significant impact on our business prospects. Any disputes
with our licensees, potential licensees or other third parties could materially adversely affect our business prospects, financial
condition and results of operations. Fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates could
negatively affect our financial results. We earn revenues and interest income, pay expenses, own assets
and incur liabilities in countries using currencies other than the U.S. dollar. In the year ended December 31, 2017, we used one
functional currency - the Russian ruble - in addition to the U.S. dollar, and derived more than 14% of our total net revenues from
operations outside the United States in Russia and CIS. As of December 31, 2017, the foreign exchange rate for the Russian ruble
has improved by approximately 5% as compared to the Daily rate at December 31, 2016. Because our consolidated financial statements
are presented in U.S. dollars, we must translate net revenues, interest income and expenses, as well as assets and liabilities,
into U.S. dollars at exchange rates in effect during or at the end of each reporting period. Therefore, increases or decreases
in the value of the U.S. dollar against other major currencies will affect the amounts of our net revenues, interest income, operating
expenses and the value of balance sheet items, including intercompany assets and obligations. Because we have operations in Russia,
our exchange rate risk is highly sensitive to the prevailing value of the U.S. dollar relative to the Russian ruble, which exchange
rates have fluctuated significantly in recent months as a result, in part, of the continuing instability in Ukraine and Syria as
well as continued sanctions against Russia. Fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates, particularly the U.S. dollar against
the Russian ruble, may materially adversely affect our financial results. Our business is subject to complex and evolving U.S. and
foreign laws and regulations regarding privacy, data protection and other matters. Many of these laws and regulations are subject
to change and uncertain interpretations, and could result in claims, changes to our business practices, increased cost of operations
or declines in user growth or engagement, or otherwise harm our business. We are subject to a number of foreign and domestic laws and
regulations that affect companies conducting business on the Internet and companies transmitting user information and payments
via text message or other electronic means, many of which are still evolving and the interpretation of which are often uncertain.
Failure to comply with applicable laws and regulations may result in the suspension or revocation of licenses or registrations,
the limitation, suspension or termination of services and/or the imposition of civil and criminal penalties and/or fines. The services
of Digital Provider to mobile phone carriers also are subject to certain of the rules and policies of such carriers and ongoing
contractual covenants with such carriers, the violation of which may result in penalties and/or fines and possible termination
of Digital Provider’s services. For additional information, see “Business Description - Regulation” in Part I,
Item 1 of this Report. Poor perception of our brand, business or industry could
harm our reputation and adversely affect our business prospects, financial condition and results of operations. The success of our business depends in part on our reputation
within our industries and with our clients and consumers. We may be the subject of unflattering reports in blogs, video blogs and
the media about our business and our business model. Any damage to our reputation could harm our ability to obtain and retain contracts
with mobile phone carriers, content providers, advertisers and other customers, which could materially adversely affect our results
of operations, financial condition and business. 26 Our business is subject to the risks of hurricanes, floods,
fires and other natural catastrophic events and to interruption by man-made problems such as computer viruses or terrorism. Our systems and operations are vulnerable to damage or interruption
from hurricanes, floods, fires, power losses, telecommunications outages, terrorist attacks, acts of war, human errors, break-ins
and similar events. Our U.S. corporate offices are located in Miami, Florida, which is an area that is at high risk of hurricane
and flood damage. In addition, acts of terrorism, which may be targeted at metropolitan areas that have higher population density
than rural areas, could cause disruptions in our business or the economy as a whole. The servers that we use through various third
party service providers are not located in Miami, Florida but may also be vulnerable to computer viruses, break-ins and similar
disruptions from unauthorized tampering with our computer systems, which could lead to interruptions, delays, loss of critical
data or the unauthorized disclosure of confidential information. Such service providers may not have sufficient protection or recovery
plans in certain circumstances, and our insurance may not be sufficient to compensate us for losses that may occur. As we rely
heavily on our servers, computer and communications systems and the Internet to conduct our business, such disruptions could negatively
impact our ability to run our business and either directly or indirectly disrupt our customers’ respective businesses, which
could have an adverse effect on our business prospects, operating results and financial condition. We incur increased costs as a result of being a public
company. As a public company, we currently incur significant legal, accounting
and other expenses not incurred by private companies. It may be time consuming, difficult and costly for us to develop, implement
and maintain the additional internal controls, processes and reporting procedures required by federal statutes, SEC rules, other
government regulations affecting public companies and/or stock exchange compliance requirements. We may need to hire additional
financial reporting, internal auditing and other finance staff in order to develop, implement and maintain appropriate internal
controls, processes and reporting procedures, which will increase our expenses and adversely affect our operating results and financial
condition. We are the subject of various legal proceedings which
could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or operating results. We are involved in various litigation matters. We may, from
time to time, also be involved in or be the subject of governmental or regulatory agency inquiries or investigations. If we are
unsuccessful in our defense in the litigation matters, or any other legal proceeding, we may be forced to pay damages or fines
and/or change our business practices, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and
results of operations. For more information about our legal proceedings, see “Legal Proceedings” in Part I, Item 3
of this Report. Our merchants may be unable to satisfy obligations for
which we may also be liable. We are subject to the risk of our merchants being unable to
satisfy obligations for which we may also be liable. For example, we and our merchant acquiring alliances may be subject to
contingent liability for transactions originally acquired by us that are disputed by the cardholder and charged back to the merchants.
If we or the alliance is unable to collect this amount from the merchant because of the merchant’s insolvency or other reasons,
we or the alliance will bear the loss for the amount of the refund paid to the cardholder. We have an active program to manage
our credit risk and often mitigate our risk by obtaining collateral. It is possible, however, that a default on such obligations
by one or more of our merchants could have a material adverse effect on our business. Fraud by merchants or others could have a material adverse
effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. We may be subject to potential liability for fraudulent electronic
payment transactions or credits initiated by merchants or others. Examples of merchant fraud include when a merchant or other party
knowingly uses a stolen or counterfeit credit, debit or prepaid card, card number, or other credentials to record a false sales
transaction, processes an invalid card, or intentionally fails to deliver the merchandise or services sold in an otherwise valid
transaction. Criminals are using increasingly sophisticated methods to engage in illegal activities such as counterfeiting and
fraud. It is possible that incidents of fraud could increase in the future. Failure to effectively manage risk and prevent fraud
would increase our chargeback liability or other liability. Increases in chargebacks or other liability could have a material adverse
effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. Risks Relating to Blockchain Technology We may not be successful in developing our blockchain
technology solutions, and even if such platform is developed, there are a number of risks that may prevent its widespread adoption. We have been developing, but have not yet launched, a decentralized
crypto-based ecosystem that will act as a framework for a number of value-added services that can connect merchants and consumers
directly utilizing blockchain technology while increasing the economic efficiency of all transactions being made within the ecosystem.
However, blockchain technology is new and its uses are constantly evolving. Accordingly, we may not be successful in developing
our blockchain technology solutions in a timely manner or at all. 27 In addition, even if we are able to develop our blockchain platform,
such technology is subject to a number of risks that may prevent its widespread adoption, including: • | Risks of unfavorable regulatory action in one or more jurisdictions . Blockchain technologies and cryptocurrencies have been the subject of scrutiny by various regulatory bodies around the world. We could be impacted by one or more regulatory inquiries or actions, including but not limited to restrictions on the use of blockchain technology, which could impede or limit the development of our anticipated blockchain technology solutions. • | Risks relating to competition and alternative platforms . Blockchain industry is highly competitive and competition should intensify in the future. There are many platforms that enable the use of blockchain technologies in the payments ecosystem. Additional competitors are likely to enter the industry in the future. There is also competition from the traditional payment networks, all of which could potentially negatively impact us. • | Risks associated with unauthorized access . Third parties that gains access to a user’s login credentials or private keys may be able to transfer the user’s value. To minimize this risk, the users should guard against unauthorized access to their electronic devices. • | Risks that our anticipated blockchain technology solutions, as developed, will not meet the expectations of its target audience . Our anticipated blockchain technology solutions are presently under development and may undergo significant changes before beta and/or final release. Any expectations regarding the form and functionality of our anticipated blockchain technology solutions may not be met upon release, for any number of reasons including change in the design and implementation plans and execution. • | Risks of theft and hacking . Hackers or other groups or organizations may attempt to interfere with the blockchain technology or the availability of our anticipated blockchain technology solutions in any number of ways, including without limitation denial of service attacks, Sybil attacks, spoofing, smurfing, malware attacks, or consensus based attacks. We expect to spend significant resources to consistently penetrate test and monitor its technology to prevent any such threats. • | Risk of security weaknesses in the core infrastructure and software . Some parts of the core software may be based on open-source software. There is a risk that the development team or other third parties may intentionally or unintentionally introduce weaknesses or bugs into the core infrastructure elements of our anticipated blockchain technology solutions, which may materially interfere with its use. • | Risk of weaknesses or exploitable breakthroughs in the field of cryptography . Advances in cryptography, or technical advances such as the development of quantum computers, could present risks to cryptocurrencies and network, which could result in theft or loss. • | Unanticipated risks . Blockchain technology, cryptocurrency and cryptographic tokens are new and untested technologies. In addition to the risks set forth here, there are risks that we cannot anticipate. Risks may further materialize as unanticipated combinations or variations from the risks set forth here. We may not be able to develop new products or enhance
the capabilities related to blockchain technology that is being developed by us to keep pace with our industry’s rapidly
changing technology and customer requirements. The industry for blockchain technology is characterized by rapid
technological changes, new product introductions, enhancements, and evolving industry standards. Our business prospects depend
on our ability to develop new products and applications for our technology in new markets that develop as a result of technological
and scientific advances, while improving performance and cost-effectiveness. New technologies, techniques or products could emerge
that might offer better combinations of price and performance than the blockchain technology solutions that are being developed
by us. It is important that we anticipate changes in technology and market demand. If we do not successfully innovate and introduce
new technology into our anticipated technology solutions or effectively manage the transitions of our technology to new product
offerings, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be harmed. Risks Related to Our Common Stock Our officers, directors and their affiliates own a large portion
of our common stock. Future sales or distributions of our common stock in the public market by us or our officers, directors and
their affiliates could adversely affect the trading price of our common stock. At March 30, 2018, our officers, directors and their affiliates
beneficially owned approximately 20.3% of our common stock. Sales or distributions of a substantial number of shares of our common
stock by our officers, directors and their affiliates in the public market, or the perception that these sales or distributions
might occur, may cause the market price of our common stock to decline. 28 In addition, we may sell equity securities in the future to
obtain funds for general corporate, working capital, acquisitions or other purposes. We may sell these securities at a discount
to the then market price. Any future sales of equity securities will dilute the holdings of existing stockholders, possibly reducing
the value of their investment. In addition, we may sell equity securities in the future to
obtain funds for general corporate, working capital, acquisitions or other purposes. We may sell these securities at a discount
to the then market price. Any future sales of equity securities will dilute the holdings of existing stockholders, possibly reducing
the value of their investment. The market price and trading volume of our common stock
may be volatile, which could result in rapid and substantial losses for our stockholders. You should consider an investment in our common stock to be
risky, and you should invest in our common stock only if you can withstand a significant loss and wide fluctuations in the market
value of your investment. Many factors could cause the market price of our common stock to rise and fall, including the following: · | our announcements or our competitors’ announcements regarding new products or services, enhancements, significant contracts, acquisitions or strategic investments; · | changes in earnings estimates or recommendations by securities analysts, if any, who cover our common stock; · | results of operations that are below our announced guidance or below securities analysts’ or consensus estimates or expectations; · | fluctuations in our quarterly financial results or the quarterly financial results of companies perceived to be similar to us; · | changes in our capital structure, such as future issuances of securities, sales of large blocks of common stock by our stockholders or our incurrence of additional debt; · | investors’ general perception of us and our industry; · | changes in general economic and market conditions; · | changes in industry conditions; and · | changes in regulatory and other dynamics. In addition, if the market for stocks in our industry, or the
stock market in general, experiences a loss of investor confidence, the trading price of our common stock could decline for reasons
unrelated to our business, financial condition or results of operations. If any of the foregoing occurs, it could cause our stock
price to fall and may expose us to lawsuits that, even if successfully defended, could be costly to defend and a distraction to
management. Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments. Not applicable. Item 2. Properties. North American Transaction Solutions On May 10, 2013, we entered into a lease agreement, which is
dated as of May 1, 2013, for approximately 4,101 square feet of office space located at 3363 N.E. 163rd Street, Suites
705 through 707, North Miami Beach, Florida 33160. The term of the lease agreement was from May 1, 2013 through December 31,
2016, with monthly rent increasing from $16,800 per month at inception to $19,448 per month (or $233,377 per year) for
the period from January 1, 2016 through December 31, 2016. On August 1, 2017, this lease was extended for a period of five
years commencing August 1, 2017 and expiring July 31, 2022 with equal monthly base rent installments of $14,354 ($172,248 per year)
plus sales tax. When the additional office space located in suite 805 become available, for approximately 1,375 square feet, the
total monthly rent will increase to $20,535 (or $246,420 per year) until the end of the lease term. NetLabs Systems, LLC, through
its Russian representative office, currently leases 1,654 square feet of office space in Yekaterinburg, Russia, where we develop
Value Added Services, Mobile Applications, Smart Terminals Applications, Sales Central ERP system development and Marketing activities,
at annual rent of approximately $24,300. The current lease term expires on June
1, 2018. 29 International Transaction Solutions PayOnline Systems leases approximately 4,675 square feet of
a new office space in Moscow, Russia at an annual rent of $84,457. The current lease term for the office space expires on September
30, 2018. PayOnline previously leased approximately 156 square feet of
office space in Almaty, Kazakhstan at an annual rent of $1,527. The lease term expired on January 31, 2018 and was not renewed. We believe that our current facilities
are suitable and adequate for our present purposes, and we anticipate that we will be able to extend our existing leases on terms
satisfactory to us or acquire new facilities on acceptable terms. Item 3. Legal Proceedings. For a discussion of legal proceedings, see
“Litigation” in Note 11 to the Consolidated Financial Statements, which is incorporated by reference herein. Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures. Not applicable. PART II Item 5. Market for Registrant’s Common Equity,
Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. Market Information Our common stock began trading on The NASDAQ Capital Market
under the symbol “NETE” on October 3, 2012. From October 22, 2010 through October 2, 2012, our ordinary shares (then
known as Cazador Acquisition Corporation Ltd.) traded on The NASDAQ Capital Market under the symbol “CAZA.” For the
periods indicated, the following table sets forth the high and low intraday sales prices per share of our common stock on The NASDAQ
Capital Market. Fiscal 2017 | Fiscal 2016
Quarter Ended | High | Low | High | Low
March 31, | $ | 15.40 | $ | 7.40 | $ | 45.00 | $ | 15.00
June 30, | 9.10 | 6.20 | 46.00 | 17.10
September 30, | 11.00 | 2.60 | 25.50 | 10.30
December 31, | 33.51 | 3.47 | 13.80 | 7.00 Holders As of December 31, 2017, our common stock was held by approximately
561 stockholders of record. The number of record holders was determined from the records of our transfer agent and does not include
beneficial owners of common stock whose shares are held in the names of various securities brokers, dealers and registered clearing
agencies. Our transfer agent is Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company. Dividends We have not declared any dividends during the two most recent
fiscal years. We have no present intention of paying any cash dividends on our common stock in the foreseeable future, as any earnings
will be used to help generate growth. The decision on the payment of dividends in the future rests within the discretion of the
Board of Directors and will depend upon, among other things, our earnings, capital requirements and financial condition, as well
as other relevant factors. There are no restrictions in our certificate of incorporation or bylaws that restrict us from declaring
dividends. Securities Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation
Plans The information included under Item 12 of Part III of this Report
is hereby incorporated by reference into this Item 5 of Part II of this Report. Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities The Company did not sell any securities during the fiscal year
ended December 31, 2017 that were not registered under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and that have not previously been
included in a Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q or in a Current Report on Form 8-K. 30 Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities For the years ended December 31, 2017 and 2016, we did not repurchase
any shares of our common stock. Item 6. Selected Financial Data. Not Applicable. Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial
Condition and Results of Operations. The following discussion should be read
in conjunction with the Consolidated Financial Statements and Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements contained in this Report
and the discussion under “Forward-Looking Statements” on page 2 at the beginning of this Report and the Risk Factors
set forth in Part I, Item 1A of this Report. Overview Net Element is a global financial technology and value-added
solutions group that supports companies in accepting electronic payments in a multi-channel environment that spans across point-of-sale
(“POS”), e-commerce and mobile devices. We operate in two reportable business operating segments: (i) North American
Transaction Solutions and (ii) International Transaction Solutions. For additional information about our business segments, see
“Business Segments” under Part I, Item 1 of this Report. We enable merchants of all sizes to accept and process over
100 different payment options in more than 120 currencies, including credit, debit and prepaid payments. We also provide merchants
with value-added services and technologies including integrated payment technologies, POS solutions, security solutions, fraud
management, information solutions and analytical tools. Total transactions processed during 2017 were 154 million compared
to 187 million for 2016. The decrease in transactions processed was primarily attributable to our International Transaction Solutions
segment, which saw a 35 % decrease from 100 million in 2016 to 65 million transactions in 2017, due to the consolidation of our
mobile solutions business with our online solutions business. Transactions processed for our North American Transaction Solutions
segment increased by 2% from 87.2 million in 2016 to 89 million in 2017 due to bigger ticket items being purchased as our sales
volume increased 18%. Total transaction dollars processed during 2017 was $2.80 billion
compared to $2.45 billion for 2016. The increase in transaction dollars processed came primarily from our North American Transactions
Solutions segment, which saw an 18% increase from $1.9 billion in 2016 to $2.3 billion processed in 2017. Our International Transaction
Solutions segment was flat during 2017 due to reorganization and consolidation of the mobile solutions business. Growth in the
North American Transactions Solutions segment was primarily organic. Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates Our significant accounting policies are described more fully
in Note 1 of the accompanying Notes to our Consolidated Financial Statements. The preparation of financial statements in conformity
with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States requires our management to make estimates and assumptions that
affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial
statements, as well as the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ materially
from those estimates. In applying estimates, management uses its judgment to determine
the appropriate assumptions to be used in the determination of certain estimates. Those estimates are based on our historical experience,
terms of existing contracts, the observance of trends in our industries, information provided by outside sources, trade journals
and other sources, as appropriate. Revenue . We recognize revenue when the following four
basic criteria have been met: (1) persuasive evidence of a sales arrangement exists; (2) performance of services has occurred,
(3) the sales price is fixed or determinable, and (4) collectability is reasonably assured. We consider persuasive evidence of
a merchant processing sales arrangement to be the receipt of a billable transaction from aggregators or a signed contract. Revenue for access to branded content is recognized monthly
as the mobile subscribers purchase access to content. Service fee revenue from the Aptito SaaS fees is monthly recognized when
billed unless collectability is considered an issue. Collectability is assessed based on a number of factors, including
transaction history with the customer and the credit worthiness of the customer. If it is determined that the collection is not
reasonably assured, revenue is not recognized until collection becomes reasonably assured, which is generally upon receipt of cash.
We record cash received in advance of revenue recognition as deferred revenue. Reserve for Loan Losses . We monitor all accounts receivable,
notes receivable and transactions with mobile operators and aggregators on a quarterly basis to ensure collectability and the
adequacy of loss provisions. Considerations include payment history, business volume history, financial statements of borrower,
projections of borrower and other standard credit review documentation. Management uses its best judgment to adequately reserve
for future losses after all available information is reviewed. During 2017 Digital Provider had recovered approximately $0.1 million
of advances previously reserved. During 2016 Digital Provider had $0.5 million of bad debt expenses. During 2017 and 2016, we
recognized $1,408,908 and $1,173,815 for net ACH rejects that occurred in the normal course of business. 31 Deferred Taxes . Estimates of deferred income taxes and
items giving rise to deferred tax assets and liabilities reflect management’s assessment of actual future taxes to be paid
on items reflected in the financial statements, giving consideration to both timing and the probability of their realization. Actual
income taxes could vary from these estimates for a variety of reasons, including changes in tax law, operating results that vary
from budget or the review of our tax returns by the IRS. Results of Operations for the Year Ended December 31, 2017
Compared to the Year Ended December 31, 2016 We reported a net loss attributable to common stockholders of
$9,913,485 or ($5.04) per share for the year ended December 31, 2017 as compared to a net loss of $13,487,537 or ($10.33) per share
for the year ended December 31, 2016. This resulted in a decrease in net loss attributable to stockholders of $3,574,052 primarily
due to an increase in revenues, decreases in depreciation, amortization and interest expenses, partially offset by an increase
in general and administrative expenses. Net loss attributable to stockholders for the year ended December 31, 2016 was also negatively
affected by an expense for loss from stock value guarantee related to the PayOnline acquisition. The following table sets forth our sources of revenues, cost
of revenues and gross margins for the years ended December 31, 2017 and 2016. Gross Margin Analysis Twelve | Twelve
Months Ended | Months Ended | Increase /
Source of Revenues | December 31, 2017 | Mix | December 31, 2016 | Mix | (Decrease)
North American Transaction Solutions | $ | 51,138,327 | 85.1 | % | $ | 42,130,902 | 77.6 | % | $ | 9,007,425
International Transaction Solutions | 8,926,497 | 14.9 | % | 12,155,957 | 22.4 | % | (3,229,460 | )
Total | $ | 60,064,824 | 100.0 | % | $ | 54,286,859 | 100.0 | % | $ | 5,777,965 Twelve | Twelve
Months Ended | % of | Months Ended | % of | Increase /
Cost of Revenues | December 31, 2017 | revenues | December 31, 2016 | revenues | (Decrease)
North American Transaction Solutions | $ | 44,265,264 | 86.6 | % | $ | 36,342,465 | 86.3 | % | $ | 7,922,799
International Transaction Solutions | 6,971,948 | 78.1 | % | 9,365,776 | 77.0 | % | (2,393,828 | )
Total | $ | 51,237,212 | 85.3 | % | $ | 45,708,241 | 84.2 | % | $ | 5,528,971 Twelve | Twelve
Months Ended | % of | Months Ended | % of | Increase /
Gross Margin | December 31, 2017 | revenues | December 31, 2016 | revenues | (Decrease)
North American Transaction Solutions | $ | 6,873,063 | 13.4 | % | $ | 5,788,437 | 13.7 | % | $ | 1,084,626
International Transaction Solutions | 1,954,549 | 21.9 | % | 2,790,181 | 23.0 | % | (835,632 | )
Total | $ | 8,827,612 | 14.7 | % | $ | 8,578,618 | 15.8 | % | $ | 248,994 Net revenues consist primarily of service fees from transaction
processing. Net revenues were $60,064,824 for the year ended December 31, 2017 as compared to $54,286,859 for the year ended December
31, 2016. The increase in net revenues is primarily due to continued organic growth of North American merchants with emphasis on
value-added offerings partially offset by a $3,229,460 decrease in net revenues from our International Transaction Solutions segment
as we experience increased competition, decreased margins and reorganizing assignments from our International Transaction Solutions
segment. Cost of revenues represents direct costs of generating revenues,
including commissions, mobile operator fees, purchases of short numbers, interchange expense and processing fees. Cost of revenues
for the year ended December 31, 2017 were $ 51,237,212 as compared to $45,708,241 for the year ended December 31, 2016. The year
over year increase in cost of revenues of $5,528,971 was driven by a $7,922,799 increase due to increased North American Transaction
Solutions sales for the year ended December 31, 2017. This was partially offset by a $2,393,828 decrease in the International Transaction
Solutions segment cost of revenues due to the decrease in International Transaction Solutions revenues from Digital Provider. Gross Margin for the year ended December 31, 2017 was $8,827,613,
or 14.7% of net revenue, as compared to $8,578,618, or 15.8% of net revenue, for the year ended December 31, 2016. The primary
reason gross margin percentages decreased was due to increased (lower margin) business mix from North American Transaction Solutions
and a decrease in Digital Provider business that had higher margins. Total operating expenses were $17,425,030 for the year ended
December 31, 2017, as compared to total operating expenses of $17,416,066 for the year ended December 31, 2016. Total operating
expenses for the year ended December 31, 2017 consisted of general and administrative expenses of $10,629,773, non-cash compensation
of $2,940,424, a bad debt provision of $1,320,848 and depreciation and amortization of $2,533,985. For the year ended December
31, 2016, operating expenses consisted of general and administrative expenses of $8,797,883, non-cash compensation of $3,463,435,
a bad debt provision of $1,688,237, and depreciation and amortization of $3,466,511. 32 General and administrative expenses for the years ended December
31, 2017 and 2016 consisted of operating expenses not otherwise delineated in our Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive
Loss and include salaries and benefits, professional fees, rent, business development, travel expense, filing fees, transaction
gains or losses, office expenses, communication expenses, insurance expenses, and other expenses required to run our business,
as follows: Twelve months ended December 31, 2017
Category | North American Transaction Solutions | International Transaction Solutions | Corporate Expenses & Eliminations | Total
Salaries, benefits, taxes and contractor payments | $ | 1,970,860 | $ | 1,696,245 | $ | 2,082,294 | $ | 5,749,399
Professional fees | 505,383 | 819,184 | 1,312,271 | 2,636,838
Rent | - | 245,539 | 245,186 | 490,725
Business development | 53,011 | 32,072 | 3,569 | 88,652
Travel expense | 331,299 | 32,397 | 130,198 | 493,894
Filing fees | - | - | 72,035 | 72,035
Transaction (gains) losses | 742 | (41,200 | ) | 1,642 | (38,816 | )
Office expenses | 303,586 | 98,961 | 120,103 | 522,650
Communications expenses | 47,878 | 130,046 | 79,288 | 257,212
Insurance expense | - | 5,401 | 135,386 | 140,787
Other expenses | 38,788 | 14,716 | 162,893 | 216,397
Total | $ | 3,251,547 | $ | 3,033,361 | $ | 4,344,865 | $ | 10,629,773
Twelve months ended December 31, 2016
Category | North American Transaction Solutions | International Transaction Solutions | Corporate Expenses & Eliminations | Total
Salaries, benefits, taxes and contractor payments | $ | 1,650,043 | $ | 1,593,390 | $ | 1,506,752 | $ | 4,750,185
Professional fees | 422,681 | 901,861 | 1,390,297 | 2,714,839
Rent | - | 282,099 | 284,234 | 566,333
Business development | 36,923 | 129,525 | 11,841 | 178,289
Travel expense | 191,848 | 43,436 | 111,510 | 346,794
Filing fees | - | - | 82,560 | 82,560
Transaction (gains) losses | 49 | (327,122 | ) | (413,470 | ) | (740,543 | )
Office expenses | 103,616 | 110,897 | 107,237 | 321,750
Communications expenses | 77,897 | 93,152 | 73,104 | 244,153
Insurance expense | - | 9,855 | 163,506 | 173,361
Other expenses | 270 | (68,976 | ) | 228,868 | 160,162
Total | $ | 2,483,327 | $ | 2,768,117 | $ | 3,546,439 | $ | 8,797,883
Variance
Category | North American Transaction Solutions | International Transaction Solutions | Corporate Expenses & Eliminations | Total
Salaries, benefits, taxes and contractor payments | $ | 320,817 | $ | 102,855 | $ | 575,542 | $ | 999,214
Professional fees | 82,702 | (82,677 | ) | (78,026 | ) | (78,001 | )
Rent | - | (36,560 | ) | (39,048 | ) | (75,608 | )
Business development | 16,088 | (97,453 | ) | (8,272 | ) | (89,637 | )
Travel expense | 139,451 | (11,039 | ) | 18,688 | 147,100
Filing fees | - | - | (10,525 | ) | (10,525 | )
Transaction (gains) losses | 693 | 285,922 | 415,112 | 701,727
Office expenses | 199,970 | (11,936 | ) | 12,866 | 200,900
Communications expenses | (30,019 | ) | 36,894 | 6,184 | 13,059
Insurance expense | - | (4,454 | ) | (28,120 | ) | (32,574 | )
Other expenses | 38,518 | 83,692 | (65,975 | ) | 56,235
Total | $ | 768,220 | $ | 265,244 | $ | 798,426 | $ | 1,831,890 33 Salaries, benefits, taxes and contractor payments were $5,749,399
for the year ended December 31, 2017 as compared to $4,750,185 for the year ended December 31, 2016, representing an increase of
$999,214. The increase in salaries of $999,214 was due primarily to the increase of corporate salaries of $575,542, resulting primarily
from a $300,000 increase in discretionary bonus granted to our CEO by the Board of Directors and to a lesser extent increases in
executive salaries. The $320,817 increase in the North American Transaction Solutions segment was primarily due to increases in
headcount and sales incentives for key employees as the business grew. The $102,855 increase in the International Transaction Solutions
segment was primarily due to fluctuations in the Ruble exchange rate. Professional fees were $2,636,838 for the year ended December
31, 2017 as compared to $2,714,839 for the year ended December 31, 2016, representing a decrease of $78,001 as follows: Twelve months ended December 31, 2017
Professional Fees | North American Transaction Solutions | International Transaction Solutions | Corporate Expenses & Eliminations | Total
General Legal | $ | 33,480 | $ | 38,386 | $ | 80,724 | $ | 152,590
SEC Compliance Legal Fees | - | - | 275,112 | 275,112
Accounting and Auditing | - | 15,433 | 412,943 | 428,376
Tax Compliance and Planning | - | - | 55,400 | 55,400
Consulting | 471,903 | 765,365 | 488,092 | 1,725,360
Total | $ | 505,383 | $ | 819,184 | $ | 1,312,271 | $ | 2,636,838 Twelve months ended December 31, 2016
Professional Fees | North American Transaction Solutions | International Transaction Solutions | Corporate Expenses & Eliminations | Total
General Legal | $ | 43,257 | $ | 5,539 | $ | 193,952 | $ | 242,748
SEC Compliance Legal Fees | - | - | 175,000 | 175,000
Accounting and Auditing | - | 578 | 420,686 | 421,264
Tax Compliance and Planning | - | - | 44,200 | 44,200
Consulting | 379,424 | 895,744 | 556,459 | 1,831,627
Total | $ | 422,681 | $ | 901,861 | $ | 1,390,297 | $ | 2,714,839 Variance
Professional Fees | North American Transaction Solutions | International Transaction Solutions | Corporate Expenses & Eliminations | Increase / (Decrease)
General Legal | $ | (9,777 | ) | $ | 32,847 | $ | (113,228 | ) | $ | (90,158 | )
SEC Compliance Legal Fees | - | - | 100,112 | 100,112
Accounting and Auditing | - | 14,855 | (7,743 | ) | 7,112
Tax Compliance and Planning | - | - | 11,200 | 11,200
Consulting | 92,479 | (130,379 | ) | (68,367 | ) | (106,267 | )
Total | $ | 82,702 | $ | (82,677 | ) | $ | (78,026 | ) | $ | (78,001 | ) Professional fees decreased by $78,001 primarily due to a decrease
in general legal fees because of decreases in litigation and consulting fees partially offset by an increase in SEC compliance
due to increased public market transactions. Transaction gains and losses represent changes in exchange rates
between our functional currency and the foreign currency in which the transaction is denominated. During the years ended December
31, 2017 and 2016, respectively, we incurred $38,816 and $740,543 of foreign currency transaction losses. Other general and administrative expenses were $216,397 for
the year ended December 31, 2017 as compared to $160,162 for the year ended December 31, 2016, representing an increase of $56,235.
The increase was caused primarily by a $43,272 increase in taxes due to a 2016 tax refund in the International Transaction Solutions
segment that was not present in 2017. 34 Non-cash compensation expense was $2,940,424 for the year ended
December 31, 2017 as compared to $3,463,435 for the year ended December 31, 2016. A summary of 2017 and 2016 non-cash compensation
activity follows: 2017 Non-Cash Compensation Activity $ Amount | # of Shares Issued | # of Options Issued
Board of Directors & Employee stock and Options | $ | 2,827,200 | 242,324 | 45,106
Stock issued for consulting | 7,258 | 896 | -
Stock issued for acquisitions | 105,966 | 13,082 | -
Total for 2017 | $ | 2,940,424 | $ | 256,302 | 45,106 2016 Non-Cash Compensation Activity $ Amount | # of Shares Issued | # of Options Issued
Board of Directors & Employee stock and Options | $ | 3,184,608 | 1,166,610 | 182,408
Options provided for financing | 78,827 | - | 466,428
Stock issued in legal settlement | 200,000 | 95,694 | -
Total for 2016 | $ | 3,463,435 | 1,262,304 | 648,836 We recorded a provision for bad debt in the amount of $1,320,848
for the year ended December 31, 2017, compared to provision for bad debts of $1,688,237 for the year ended December 31, 2016. For
the year ended December 31, 2017 we recorded a loss which was primarily comprised of $1,408,908 ACH rejects and an $89,545 reduction
in provision from our International Transaction Solutions operations. Of the $1,408,908 of net ACH rejects, $603,257 were passed
through to independent sales organizations via a reduction in commissions. For the year ended December 31, 2016 we recorded a loss
provision which was primarily comprised of $1,173,815 in ACH rejects, attributable to the normal course of our North American Transaction
Solutions segment, in addition, there was a $511,772 bad debt recovery from our mobile payments business in Russia. During the
year ended December 31, 2016, of the $1,173,815 of net ACH rejects, $394,134 were passed through to independent sales organizations
via a reduction in commissions. During the years ended December 31, 2017 and 2016, we did not
recognize any goodwill impairment. Depreciation and amortization expense consists primarily of
the amortization of merchant portfolios plus depreciation expense on fixed assets, client acquisition costs, capitalized software
expenses, trademarks, domain names and employee non-compete agreements. Depreciation and amortization expense was $2,533,985 for
the year ended December 31, 2017 as compared to $3,466,511 for the year ended December 31, 2016. The decrease was due to the full
amortization of certain software and merchant portfolio assets during 2017. Interest expense was $1,189,622 for the year ended December
31, 2017 as compared to $1,463,833 for the year ended December 31, 2016, representing a decrease of $ 274,211 due to lower RBL
notes payable balance as follows: Funding Source | Twelve months ended December 31, 2017 | Twelve months ended December 31, 2016 | Increase / (Decrease)
MBF Notes | 76,591 | 61,325 | 15,266
RBL Notes | 772,777 | 1,282,439 | (509,662 | )
Priority Payments Note | 168,233 | - | 168,233
Other | 172,021 | 120,069 | 51,952
Total | $ | 1,189,622 | $ | 1,463,833 | $ | (274,211 | ) Other interest expense for the year ended December 31, 2017
consisted of $80,291 resulting from the promissory note entered into on March 1, 2017 with Star Capital Management, LLC. (See Note
12 to our Consolidated Financial Statements) and $85,578 related to the PayOnline acquisition. During the year ended December 31,
2016, other interest expense primarily consisted of $120,069 related to the PayOnline acquisition . Other expenses for the year ended December 31, 2017 consists
primarily of a $117,013 of foreign taxes and other expenses attributed to our International Transaction Solutions segment, as well
as, approximately $48,000 in miscellaneous other expenses in the North American Transaction Solutions segment. The net income attributable to non-controlling interests amounted
to $109,564 and $128,539 for 2017 and 2016, respectively. The income was attributed to our North American Transaction Solutions
segment represents 10% non-controlling interest in Aptito. The non-controlling interest reflects the results of operations of subsidiaries
that are allocable to minority equity owners. 35 Liquidity and Capital Resources Our total assets at December 31, 2017 were $32.3 million compared
to $23.3 million at December 31, 2016. The year over year change in total assets is primarily attributable to the $10.7 million
increase in our cash balance as a result of equity sales at the end of 2017. At December 31, 2017, we had total current assets of $19.0 million
including $11.3 million of cash, $5.5 million of accounts receivable, and $2.3 million of prepaid expenses and other assets. At
December 31, 2016, we had total current assets of $9.2 million including $0.6 million of cash, $7.1 million of accounts receivable,
and $1.5 million of prepaid expenses and other assets. As of the filing date of this Report with the SEC, management
expects that our cash flows from operations will be sufficient to fund our current operations for at least the next twelve months.
We may require additional capital in order to fund business expansion or future acquisitions. Since our inception, we have incurred significant operating
losses. We incurred net losses totaling $10.0 million and $13.6 million for the years ended December 31, 2017 and 2016, respectively.
We have working capital of approximately $4.3 million and an accumulated deficit of $167.3 million at December 31, 2017. We have
a cash balance at December 31, 2017 of $11.3 million. We estimate we will need $4.8 million to cover our anticipated cash flow
shortfall over the next 12 months and we have adequate cash balances to support our cash flow requirements for this period. We
may raise additional funds through debt financing and/or the issuance of equity securities, there being no assurance that any type
of financing on terms satisfactory to us will be available or otherwise occur. We have approximately $2.5 million of notes payable
to be repaid during 2018. Debt financing or re-financing is another possibility in the future and debt must be repaid regardless
of whether we generate revenues or cash flows from operations and may be secured by substantially all of our assets. Any equity
financing or debt financing that requires the issuance of equity securities or warrants to the lender would cause the percentage
ownership by our current stockholders to be diluted, which dilution may be substantial. Also, any additional equity securities
issued may have rights, preferences or privileges senior to those of existing stockholders. Operating activities used $5.0 million of cash for the twelve
months ended December 31, 2017 as compared to using $3.3 million of cash for the twelve months ended December 31, 2016. Negative
operating cash flow for the twelve months ended December 31, 2017 was primarily due to paying off accounts payables and accrued
liabilities as the company had an increase in its cash balance as a result of equity sales at the end of 2017. Investing activities used $1.8 million of cash for the year
ended December 31, 2017 as compared to using $1.5 million of cash for the year ended December 31, 2016. The increase in cash used
by investing activities for the year ended December 31, 2017 was primarily attributable to the $0.5 million increase in acquisition
costs as we gain additional market share for our North American Transactions Solutions segment. For the year ended December 31, 2017, financing activities provided
cash of $17.6 million, primarily from $14.9 million from equity financing and $3.7 million in proceeds from indebtedness. For the year ended December 31, 2016, financing activities provided
cash of $4.4 million, primarily from $3.2 million from proceeds from indebtedness, $0.3 million in cash paid for stock and warrants
and $1 million from related party advances from our CEO and board member. Effective June 30, 2014, TOT Group, Inc. and its subsidiaries
as co-borrowers, TOT Payments, LLC, TOT BPS, LLC, TOT FBS, LLC, Process Pink, LLC, TOT HPS, LLC and TOT New Edge, LLC (collectively,
the “co-borrowers”), entered into a Loan and Security Agreement (“Credit Facility”) with RBL Capital Group,
LLC (“RBL”), as lender (the “RBL Loan Agreement”). The original terms provided us with an 18-month, $10
million credit facility with interest at the higher of 13.90% per annum or the prime rate plus 10.65%. Interest on drawn amounts
outstanding after November 30, 2015 carry interest at an additional three percent per annum until repaid in full, with other amounts,
obligations or payments due carrying an annual default rate not to exceed the lesser of (i) the prime rate plus 13% per annum and
(ii) 18.635% per annum. On May 2, 2016, we renewed our Credit Facility with RBL, increasing the facility from $10 million to $15
million and extending the term through February 2019. At December 31, 2017 and 2016, we had $10,455,912 and $10,455,087 available
under the Credit Facility, respectively. The co-borrowers obligations to RBL pursuant to the RBL Loan
Agreement are secured by a first priority security interest in all of the co-borrowers tangible and intangible assets, including
but not limited to their merchants, merchant contracts and proceeds thereof, and all right title and interest in co-borrowers’
processing contracts, contract rights, and portfolio cash flows with all processors of the co-borrowers. As further described below, the following borrowings from the
Credit Facility were converted into RBL term notes: During July 2014, we entered into a $3,315,000 RBL term note.
Net proceeds from the term note were used to repay a $3.0 million note previously due to MBF Merchant Capital, LLC (“MBF”)
in addition to approximately $239,000 for working capital. The term note required interest-only payments at 13.90% interest through
January 2015 commencing in August 2014 followed by monthly interest and principal payments of $90,421 through January 2019. The
term note required payment of a 2% front-end fee due at issuance and a 4% back-end fee due at final payment. During 2016, Crede
CG III, Ltd. (“Crede”) purchased $1,849,481 of the principal balance of this note held by RBL in various tranches.
We repurchased and extinguished the purchased notes in exchange for 135,237 shares of our common stock. (See “Note 13 —Crede
CG III, Ltd.”). During December 2016, the remaining balance of the term note was refinanced into another RBL term note. During February 2015, we entered into a $400,000 RBL term note.
The term note provided for interest-only payments at 13.9% through July 2015, with monthly interest and principal payments of
$10,911 from August 2015 through July 2019. We paid $8,000 in costs related to this term note. The term note was purchased by
Crede in various tranches during June 2016, which we repurchased and extinguished in exchange for 21,928 shares of our common
stock. 36 During March 2015, we entered into a $250,000 RBL term note.
The term note provided for interest-only payments at 13.9% through July 2015, with monthly interest and principal payments of $6,819
from August 2015 through July 2019. We paid $5,000 in costs related to this term note. This term note was purchased by Crede in
May 2016, which we repurchased and extinguished in exchange for 9,174 shares of our common stock. During May 2016, we entered into a $250,000 RBL term note. The
term note provided for interest-only payments at 14.15% interest through October 2016, with monthly interest and principal payments
of $6,850 from November 2016 through October 2020. The term note required payment of a 2% front-end fee at issuance and a 4% back-end
fee due at the final payment. The outstanding balance of the term note was refinanced into another RBL term note during December
2016. During May 2016, we entered into a $400,000 RBL term note. The
term note provided for interest-only payments at 14.15% interest through November 2015, with monthly interest and principal payments
of $10,961 from December 2016 through November 2020. The term note required payment of a 2% front-end fee at issuance and a 4%
back-end fee due at the final payment. The outstanding balance of the term note was refinanced into another RBL term note during
December 2016. During June 2016, we entered into a $190,000 RBL term note.
The term note provided for interest-only payments at 14.15% through December 20, 2016, with monthly interest and principal payments
of $5,206 from January 2017 through December 2020. The term note requirement payment of a 2% front-end fee at issuance and a 4%
back-end fee due at the final payment. The outstanding balance of the term note was refinanced into another RBL term note during
December 2016. During July 2016, we entered into a $350,000 RBL term note.
The term note provided for interest-only payments at 14.15% through January 2017, with monthly interest and principal payments
of $9,591 from February 2017 through January 2021. The term note requirement payment of a 2% front-end fee at issuance and a 4%
back-end fee due at the final payment. The outstanding balance of the term note was refinanced into another RBL term note during
December 2016. During August 2016, we entered into a $400,000 RBL term note.
The term note provided for interest-only payments at 14.15% through February 2017, with monthly interest and principal payments
of $10,961 from March 2017 through February 2021. The term note required payment of a 2% front-end fee at issuance and a 4% back-end
fee due at the final payment. The outstanding balance of the term note was refinanced into another RBL term note during December
2016. During September 2016, we entered into a $350,000 RBL term note.
The term note provided for interest-only payments at 14.15% through March 2017, with monthly interest and principal payments of
$9,591 from April 2017 through March 2021. The term note required payment of a 2% front-end fee at issuance and a 4% back-end fee
due at the final payment. The outstanding balance of the term note was refinanced into another RBL term note during December 2016. During November 2016, we entered into a $350,000 RBL term note.
The term note provided for interest-only payments at 14.15% through May 2017, with monthly interest and principal payments of $9,591
from June 2017 through May 2021. The term note required payment of a 2% front-end fee at issuance and a 4% back-end fee due at
the final payment. The outstanding balance of the term note was refinanced into another RBL term note during December 2016. During December 2016, we entered into a $325,000 RBL term note.
The term note provided for interest-only payments at 14.15% through June 2017, with monthly interest and principal payments of
$8,906 from July 2017 through June 2021. The term note required payment of a 2% front-end fee at issuance and a 4% back-end fee
due at the final payment. The outstanding balance of the term note was refinanced into another RBL term note during December 2016. During December 2016, we entered into a $4,044,055 RBL term
note (the “Refinance note”). This note effectively refinanced all then-outstanding RBL notes described above. The term
note provides for interest-only payments at 14.15% ($47,686) through May 2017, with monthly interest and principal payments of
$110,814 from June 2017 through May 2021. The term note required payment of a $20,000 front-end refinancing fee at issuance and
a $104,600 back-end fee due at the final payment. The outstanding balance of the term note was refinanced into another RBL term
note during June 2017. During March 2017, we entered into a $100,000 RBL term note.
The term note provided for interest-only payments at 14.4% May 2017, with monthly interest and principal payments of $2,753 from
June 2017 through May 2021. The term note required payment of a 2% front-end fee at issuance and a 4% back-end fee due at final
payment. The outstanding balance of the term note was refinanced into another RBL term note during June 2017. During April 2017, we entered into a $400,000 RBL term note.
The term note provided for interest-only payments at 14.4% through May 2017, with monthly interest and principal payments of $11,011
from June 2017 through May 2021. The term note required payment of a 2% front-end fee at issuance and a 4% back-end fee due at
final payment. The outstanding balance of the term note was refinanced into another RBL term note during June 2017. During April 2017, Crede purchased a $75,000 tranche of our
RBL term note, which we repurchased and extinguished in exchange for 10,235 shares of our common stock. As a result, the terms
of the $4,044,055 Refinance note was revised to reduce the monthly interest and principal payments to $108,759. During May 2017, we entered into a $75,000 RBL term note. The
term note provided for one interest-only payment at 14.4%, with monthly interest and principal payments of $2,065 from June 2017
through May 2021. The term note required payment of a 2% front-end fee at issuance and a 4% back-end fee due at final payment.
The outstanding balance of the term note was refinanced into another RBL term note during June 2017. During May 2017, Crede purchased a $150,000 tranche of our RBL
term note, which we repurchased and extinguished in exchange for 23,058 shares of our common stock. 37 During May 2017, we entered into a $150,000 RBL term note. The
term note provided for one interest-only payment at 14.4%, with monthly interest and principal payments of $4,129 from July 2017
through June 2021. The term note required payment of a 2% front-end fee at issuance and a 4% back-end fee due at final payment.
The outstanding balance of the term note was refinanced into another RBL term note during June 2017. During June 2017, the $4,044,055 Refinance note was modified
to include the $150,000, $75,000, $400,000 and 100,000 term notes described above. The modified note provided for interest only
payments at 14.19% from June 2017 through September 2017, with monthly payments of interest and principal of $124,607 from October
2017 through September 2021. During July 2017, the Refinance note was further modified to
reflect the $150,000 tranche extinguishment in May 2017, described above. The terms of the Refinance note was revised to reduce
the monthly interest and principal payments to $121,810. During October 2017 we received a six-month extension to the interest-only
payment term for a fee of $12,000. At December 31, 2017 the principal balance of the Refinance note was $4,438,087. During August 2017, we entered into a $106,000 RBL term note.
The term note provided for interest-only payments at 14.9% through September 2017, with monthly interest and principal payments
of $2,945 from October 2017 through September 2021. The term note required payment of a 2% front-end fee at issuance and a 4% back-end
fee due at final payment. During October 2017 we received a six-month extension of the interest-only payment term. At December
31, 2017, the principal balance of the term note is $106,000. Also see Note 17 for activity subsequent to December 31, 2017. MBF Merchant Capital, LLC We issued the following notes payable to MBF, an entity owned
by William Healy, a former member of our Board of Directors. During March 2016, we entered into a $75,000 promissory note
with MBF. The promissory note provided for interest-only payments at 14% through May 2016, with monthly interest and principal
payments of $7,990 from June 2016 through March 2017. The promissory note required payment of a 6% back-end fee which was paid
at maturity in March 2017. The balance of the promissory note was $23,420 at December 31, 2016. During April 2016, we entered into a $300,000 promissory note
with MBF. The promissory note provides for interest-only payments at 15.5% through May 2016, with monthly interest and principal
payments of $14,617 from June 2016 through May 2018. The promissory note requires payment of a 6% back-end fee due at the final
payment. At December 31, 2017 and 2016, the balance of the note was $74,177 and $221,826, respectively. During July 2016, our subsidiary, TOT Group, Inc., entered into
a $353,500 promissory note with MBF. The promissory note provides for interest-only payments at 15.5% through June 28, 2016, with
monthly interest and principal payments of $17,224 from July 2016 through June 28, 2018. The promissory note required payment of
a 1% front-end fee at issuance and a 6.6% back-end fee due at final payment. At December 31, 2017 and 2016, the outstanding balance
of the promissory note was $98,829 and $275,056, respectively. On August 29, 2017, our subsidiary, TOT Group, Inc., entered
into a $275,000 promissory note with MBF. The principal amount of the loan carries an interest rate 13.95% per annum, with ten
monthly interest and principal payments of $29,289. The promissory note required payment of a 2% front-end fee at issuance and
a 4% back-end fee due at final payment. At December 31, 2017, the outstanding balance of the promissory note was $168,798. Priority Payment Systems LLC Effective as of May 18, 2017, we entered into a loan agreement
and security agreement with Priority Payment Systems LLC and issued a promissory note dated May 18, 2017. Pursuant to the loan
agreement and the note, we borrowed $2,000,000. Prior to maturity of the loan, the principal amount of the loan will carry a floating
interest rate of prime rate plus 6% per annum at 10.25% at December 31, 2017. We may prepay the loan in whole or in part at any
time. The loan is repayable in monthly installments consisting of principal plus interest. The loan matures and becomes due and
payable in full on May 20, 2019 to the extent not previously prepaid. Pursuant to the security agreement, the loan is secured by collateral
consisting of accounts, cash or cash equivalents, residuals related to the merchants originated by us and processed by Priority
Payments Systems LLC. The loan agreement, the note and the security agreement contain customary representations, warranties, events
of default, remedies and affirmative and negative covenants, as well as the right of first refusal and the right related to the
merchants. Effective as of May 17, 2017, we entered into a corporate guaranty
in favor of Priority Payments Systems LLC, pursuant to which we unconditionally guarantee the full and prompt payment of each present
and future liability, debt and obligation under the loan agreement, the note, the security agreement and other related documents. On June 27, 2017, we entered into an amendment to the loan agreement
with Priority Payment Systems LLC pursuant to which: (i) | The original term loan was modified into a multi - draw loan with an increase of the borrowing limit to $2,500,000 and;
(ii) | The loan maturity was extended to May 20, 2021. 38 During the year ended December 31, 2017, we borrowed a total
of $2,889,000 and repaid $650,489 in principal from our $2,500,000 Priority Payments multi – draw loan. At December 31, 2017,
the balance of this loan is $2,238,511. Off-balance sheet arrangements At December 31, 2017, we did not have any off-balance sheet
arrangements as defined in Item 303(a) (4) of Regulation S-K. Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements The information contained in Note 1 to our Consolidated Financial
Statements concerning a description of recent accounting pronouncements, including our expected dates of adoption and the estimated
effects on our results of operations and financial condition, is incorporated by reference herein. Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About
Market Risk. Not Applicable. Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. The Consolidated Financial Statements and notes thereto and
the reports of the independent registered public accounting firm set forth on pages F-2 through F-31 are filed as part of this
Report and incorporated herein by reference. Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on
Accounting and Financial Disclosure. None. Item 9A. Controls and Procedures. Our disclosure controls and procedures
are designed to provide reasonable assurance that information required to be disclosed in our reports filed or submitted under
the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the Commission’s rules
and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our chief executive officer and
chief financial officer, as appropriate, to allow for timely decisions regarding required disclosure. In designing and evaluating
the disclosure controls and procedures, management recognizes that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and
operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving the desired control objectives, and management is required to apply
its judgment in evaluating the cost-benefit relationship of possible controls and procedures. As of the end of the period covered by
this Report, our management conducted an evaluation, under the supervision and with the participation of our chief executive officer
and chief financial officer, of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) and Rule
15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act). Based on that evaluation, our chief executive officer and chief financial officer concluded
that our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective due to the material weaknesses in our internal control over financial
reporting as discussed below under “Management’s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting.” Accordingly,
management cannot provide reasonable assurance of achieving the desired control objective. As of the date of this Report, the Company
has retained an outside advisory and consulting firm with expertise in remediating disclosure control and procedures and are in
the process of reviewing and, where necessary, modifying controls and procedures throughout the Company. . Management’s Report on Internal
Control over Financial Reporting Management of the Company is responsible
for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) and Rule 15d-15(f)
under the Exchange Act). Internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding
the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally
accepted accounting principles. Internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that: (i) pertain
to the maintenance of records that in reasonable detail accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the
assets of the Company; (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial
statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the Company are being
made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the Company; and (iii) provide reasonable assurance
regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of the Company’s assets that could
have a material effect on the financial statements. We recognize that because of its inherent
limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation
of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions,
or that the degree of compliance with the policies and procedures may deteriorate. Management of the Company conducted an
assessment of the effectiveness of the Company’s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2017, based
on the framework in Internal Control – Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of
the Treadway Commission (the “COSO Framework”). Based on management’s assessment in accordance with the criteria
in the COSO Framework, our management concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was not effective as of December
31, 2017. 39 Management has identified the following
material weaknesses (a material weakness is a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial
reporting such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of the Company’s annual or interim financial
statements will not be prevented or detected and corrected on a timely basis) in the Company’s internal control over financial
reporting: Control Environment: ■ | Inadequate Policies and Procedures: Based on management’s review of key accounting policies and procedures as of December 31, 2017, we have determined that although such policies and procedures exist, they are generally not formalized. Additionally, management has assessed certain policies and procedures as inadequate regarding their design adequacy, including a lack of formalized evidence of their effective operation. We intend to remediate these deficiencies over the next 18 months. ■ | Informal Financial Risk Assessment: Whereas, the Company continues to manage its financial risks, its processes for doing so are not formalized. Further, management has determined that there are insufficient technical or financial resources to adequately assess the risks in its higher and emerging risk assessment functions. As referenced earlier, as of the date of this Report, the Company has retained an outside advisory and consulting firm with risk management expertise to augment the Company’s personnel and expects to remediate this deficiency by the end of 2018. ■ | Changing Board of Directors and Key Employees: Due to continued changes in board membership and executive management, we have not been able to fully train new board members and employees in effective internal control practices. We intend to provide training during 2018 to our board members and employees. Control Activities ■ | Testing of Internal Controls: Management has identified a number of deficiencies in our internal controls within certain key business processes, including the Company’s quarterly financial statement closing and reporting process and its external financial reporting procedures. These deficiencies primarily relate to lack of formal evidence of the operation of key controls and thus, an inability to test the effectiveness of such controls on an ongoing basis. We intend to remediate these deficiencies over the next 18 months. Information and Communication ■ | Our quarterly financial closing and reporting process, particularly in Russia, requires more formalized controls and procedures. We expect to remediate this weakness over the next 18-24 months. Monitoring ■ | Internal Control Monitoring: As a result insufficiently formalized documentation as to the adequacy of design and effective operation of both preventative and detective controls, management’s ability to monitor the effective operation of these internal controls is limited. Accordingly, management’s ability to timely detect, prevent and remediate deficiencies and potential fraud risks has been assessed as inadequate. We expect to remediate this weakness over the next 24 months. Changes in Internal Control over
Financial Reporting Except as specifically described above
in this Item 9A, there was no change in our internal control over financial reporting during our fourth fiscal quarter of 2017
that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. Item 9B. Other Information None. PART III Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance. The directors and executive officers of
the Company and their respective ages, and positions with the Company and certain business experience as of the date of this Report
are set forth below. There are no family relationships among any of the directors or executive officers. 40 There are no material legal proceedings
to which any director or executive officer of the Company, or any associate of any director or executive officer of the Company,
is a party adverse to the Company or any of its subsidiaries or has a material interest adverse to the Company or any of its subsidiaries. Name | Age | Position
Oleg Firer | 40 | Chief Executive Officer & Director
Steven Wolberg | 58 | Chief Legal Officer & Secretary
Jonathan New | 57 | Chief Financial Officer
Kenges Rakishev | 38 | Chairman
James Caan | 78 | Director
Drew Freeman | 60 | Director
Howard Ash | 59 | Director
Jon Najarian | 60 | Director
Jonathan Fichman | 47 | Director Each of our directors will hold office
until our next annual meeting of shareholders at which directors are elected or until his successor is duly elected and qualified.
Executive officers serve at the discretion of our Board of Directors. Oleg Firer, Chief Executive Officer
and Director . Mr. Firer has served as Chief Executive Officer and a director of the Company since April 16, 2013. Previously,
Mr. Firer served as Executive Chairman of Unified Payments, LLC from January 2011 until its acquisition by the Company’s
subsidiary, TOT Group, Inc., on April 16, 2013. From July 2004 until December 2012, Mr. Firer served as President, Chief Executive
Officer and Secretary (and from May 2006 until December 2012 as Treasurer and from May 2008 until December 2012 as Chief Financial
Officer) of Acies Corporation, a provider of payment processing solutions to small and medium size merchants across the United
States. Mr. Firer also served as a director of Acies Corporation from May 2005 until December 2012. Mr. Firer served as the President
of GM Merchant Solution, Inc. (from August 2002) and Managing Partner of GMS Worldwide, LLC (from August 2003) until their assets
were acquired by Acies Corporation in June 2004. From November 2002 to December 2003, Mr. Firer served as the Chief Operating Officer
of Digital Wireless Universe, Inc. From December 2001 to November 2002, Mr. Firer served as the Managing Partner of CELLCELLCELL,
LLC. From March 1998 to December 2001, Mr. Firer served as Vice President of SpeedUS Corp. Mr. Firer studied Computer Science at
New York Technical College from 1993 to 1995. Mr. Firer currently serves as a member of Star Capital Management, LLC and Star Equities,
LLC, Florida-based investment group. In addition, Mr. Firer serves as a Chairman of the Supervisory Board of the Eastern Caribbean
Blockchain Association, a board member of Progressive Care, Inc. and Star Development Ltd as well as a member of the Advisory Board
of the E2Exchange, the Institute of Entrepreneurs and several non-for-profit organizations. Advisory Board member of CoinBoost,
Inc. and several other private technology companies. Mr. Firer supports the initiatives of the Firer Family Charitable Foundation,
the charitable family fund focused on helping families and children in need. In addition, Mr. Firer serves on various committees
of Electronic Transaction Association (ETA). Mr. Firer holds a diplomatic rank of the Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary Ambassador.
The Company believes that Mr. Firer’s leadership roles in various payment processing companies make him qualified to serve
as a director of the Company. Steven Wolberg, Chief Legal Officer
and Secretary . Mr. Wolberg has been Chief Legal Officer and Secretary of the Company since April 16, 2013. Previously, Mr.
Wolberg served in various capacities with Acies Corporation from approximately January 2009 until December 2012, including as a
consultant from approximately January 2009 until October 2009, as a director from October 30, 2009 until December 2012 and as Chief
Strategy Officer from March 1, 2010 until December 2012. Mr. Wolberg currently operates a solo law practice in Newton, Massachusetts,
Attorney Steven Wolberg, which he has operated since January 1997. Mr. Wolberg served as Chief Counsel and Vice President of Corporate
Development for Mascot Networks in Cambridge, Massachusetts from January 2000 to September 2001. Since September 1996, Mr. Wolberg
has served as president of Oakland Properties, Inc., a real estate development company. From February 1993 to December 1994, Mr.
Wolberg served as an attorney in the real estate and corporate divisions of Brown and Rudnick in Boston, Massachusetts. From March
1988 to November 1991, Mr. Wolberg was a partner with the law firm of Jordaan and Wolberg in Johannesburg, South Africa. From January
1986 to February 1988, Mr. Wolberg was employed as an attorney with Goodman and North in Johannesburg, South Africa. Mr. Wolberg
also currently owns and serves as the Managing Member of Prime Portfolios, LLC, which holds a private investment portfolio of merchants,
receiving payment processing services. Mr. Wolberg received his Bachelor of Arts from the University of Witwatersrand in Johannesburg,
South Africa, his Bachelors of Laws from the University of Witwatersrand, in Johannesburg, South Africa, and his Juris Doctorate
from the New England School of Law in Boston, Massachusetts. Mr. Wolberg is a member of the Massachusetts Bar Association. Jonathan New, Chief Financial Officer . Mr. New has been Chief Financial Officer of the Company since October 2, 2012. Mr. New was Chief Financial Officer of the
Company’s predecessor, Net Element, from March 10, 2008 until October 2, 2012. From 2001 to 2003, Mr. New was Chief Operating
Officer of Ener1, Inc. From 2004 until it was sold in 2006, Mr. New owned and operated Wholesale Salon Furniture Corp.com, which
imported and distributed salon equipment. Thereafter, until joining Net Element, Mr. New provided services to public companies
on a variety of corporate accounting, reporting and audit related issues. Prior to joining Ener1, Inc. in 2001, Mr. New held finance
manager and chief financial officer positions with companies including Häagen-Dazs, Virtacon (a web development company),
RAI Credit Corporation (private label credit card company) and Prudential of Florida. Mr. New obtained his BS in Accounting from
Florida State University and began his career with Accenture. He is a member of the Florida Institute of Certified Public Accountants
and the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants. 41 Kenges Rakishev, Director . Mr.
Rakishev has been a director of the Company and Chairman of the Company’s Board of Directors since October 2, 2012. Mr. Rakishev
served as a director of the Company’s predecessor, Net Element, from April 23, 2012 until October 2, 2012. Mr. Rakishev is
one of the Forbes Top 15 wealthiest, most influential and progressive business leaders of the Republic of Kazakhstan with significant
investments in banking, finance, insurance, information technology, oil & gas, mining, manufacturing and retail business sectors
worldwide. Mr. Rakishev is a large shareholder and member of the board of the largest bank in Kazakhstan, Kazkommertsbank (KASE:
KKGB), with over US$250 billion in total assets, large shareholder and Chairman of SAT & Company
(KASE: SATC), a diversified industrial holding , among his numerous other investments. Throughout
his career, Kenges has served in several notable positions in the public sector including Vice-President of the Union of
Chambers of Commerce of the Republic of Kazakhstan, Vice-President of The Boxing Association of Republic of Kazakhstan and Vice-President
of the Asian Boxing Confederation. Mr. Rakishev holds a B.A. (Law) from the Kazakh State Law Academy and a B.A. (International
Economics) from the Kazakh Economic University. Mr. Rakishev also has an AMP Diploma from Oxford University. We believe that Mr.
Rakishev’s international business leadership and relationships, combined with his extensive knowledge and unique perspectives
of global business opportunities, qualifies him to serve as a Director of the Company. James Caan, Director . Mr. Caan
has been a director of the Company since October 2, 2012. Mr. Caan served as a director of the Company’s predecessor, Net
Element, from January 1, 2011 until October 2, 2012. Mr. Caan is an actor and director, having worked in the film and television
industries for over 40 years, and he is one of the entertainment industry’s most renowned talents, having starred in over
80 films. We believe that Mr. Caan’s tenure working as an actor and director in the film and television industry, qualifies
him to serve as a director of the Company. Drew J. Freeman, Director . Mr.
Freeman has been a director of the Company since May 21, 2014. Mr. Freeman is an accomplished industry veteran with more than 30
years of electronic payments industry experience. Since June 2007, Mr. Freeman has served as the President of Freeman Consulting,
Inc., a payments consulting firm that works with private equity and ISOs. Concurrent and prior to that, Mr. Freeman served as President
of Merchant Data Systems from 2009 to 2013, Group Executive at Chase Paymentech from 2006 to 2007, and Executive Vice President
at JP Morgan Chase-First Data JV (Chase Merchant Services) from 2000 to 2006. Mr. Freeman earned a business degree from the University
of Miami in 1980. We believe that Mr. Freeman’s extensive knowledge in the payments industry qualifies him to serve as a
director of the Company. Howard Ash, Director . Mr. Ash has
been a director of the Company since June 13, 2016. Mr. Ash is an accomplished executive who served as CEO, COO and CFO to a variety
of high profile, international companies. Mr. Ash currently serves as Chairman of Claridge Management since 2000. Mr. Ash served
as Chief Operating Officer of BioCard Corporation from 1997 to 2007. Mr. Ash served as Chief Operating Officer of CITA Americas,
Inc. from 1996 to 1997. Mr. Ash served as Chief Executive Officer of IEDC Marketing, Inc. from 1992 to 1996. Mr. Ash held a CFO/Financial
Planning/Investment position at Abrams, Ash & Associates from 1990 to 1992. Mr. Ash currently serves on the Star Telemed Board,
functioning initially as the Liaison to the Cuban Government through the Government of Grenada. Mr. Ash currently serves on the
Advisory Board of the E2Exchange, the Institute of Entrepreneurs, in the United Kingdom as the only non-UK citizen. Mr. Ash continues
to serve since 2009 in a senior development and strategic capacity for One Laptop Per Child, a global NGO created to provide educational
opportunities for the world's poorest children by providing each child with a rugged, low-cost, low-power, internet connected laptop
with content and software. Prior Chairmanships include the 2009 through 2012 term for the Sturge Weber Foundation, a non-profit
organization dedicated to curing this rare but fatal syndrome that affects children. Previously, Mr. Ash was an Advisory Board
Member to Edge Global Investment Limited which forged a strategic partnership with the Africa Forum, consisting of 37 former Heads
of State and Government to pave the way for a new approach on nutrition and food supplements as part of a comprehensive strategy
to fight the HIV and AIDS pandemic. Mr. Ash started an interest-free micro-loan society in 1987 that has provided more than $15
million in micro-loans throughout the United States and Israel. In 1999, Mr. Ash founded the Circle of Life Resource Center, Inc.,
a food bank in Miami, Florida that feeds several hundred families per week. Mr. Ash earned a Bachelor of Commerce degree, with
Honors in Accounting and Law from the University of Witwatersrand (South Africa) in 1980. We believe that Mr. Ash’s extensive
experience as a business and finance executive and member of multiple oversight bodies, provides him with the necessary skills
to be qualified to serve as a director of the Company. Jon Najarian, Director. Mr. Najarian has been a director of the Company since March 8, 2018. Mr. Najarian is an accomplished financial industry veteran
with more than 37 years of financial and capital markets industry experience. Mr. Najarian is also well-versed in cryptocurrency
and blockchain technologies. Mr. Najarian is a professional investor, money manager and media analyst. He is a co-founder of Investitue,
LLC, the industry leading options education firm, which recently launched “Crypto Basics,” a new educational course
that covers the basics of cryptocurrency, blockchain technology, altcoins and Initial Coin Offerings (ICOs). He is also a host
of the International ICO Channel, a part of CoinBoost, whose goal is to bridge the divide between blockchain and mainstream media
by offering distribution to traditional financial media outlets. In 2016, Mr. Najarian and his brother Pete co-founded Najarian
Advisors, a company advising institutional investors on options strategies. The brothers invest in and work with start-ups via
Rebellion Partners, a venture consulting firm they launched in 2015. Mr. Najarian is a cast member of CNBC’s “Halftime
Report” and the “Fast Money” show. He is also the feature of the “DRJ Report” on CBOE-TV popular
webcast. Mr. Najarian was a linebacker for the Chicago Bears before he focused his attention to trading on the Chicago Board Options
Exchange (“CBOE”). He became a member of the CBOE, NYSE, CME and CBOT and worked as a floor trader for 25 years. In
1990, he founded Mercury Trading, a market-making firm at the CBOE, which he sold in 2004 to Citadel, one of the world’s
largest hedge funds. In 2005, Mr. Najarian co-founded optionMONSTER and tradeMONSTER and negotiated a partnership with General
Atlantic Partners in 2014 resulting ultimately in a sale to E*Trade for $750 million in September of 2016. Mr. Najarian developed
and patented trading applications and algorithms used to identify unusual activity in stock, options, futures and cryptocurrency
markets. optionMONSTER, an options news and education site, was described by Securities Industry News as “content king of
the options business.” Mr. Najarian is a graduate of Gustavus Adolphus College with a BA degree. We believe that Mr. Najarian’s
experience in the financial and capital markets industry provides him with the necessary skills to be qualified to serve as a director
of the Company. 42 Jonathan Fichman,
Director. Mr. Fichman has been a director of the Company since March 23, 2018. Mr. Fichman is an accomplished financial industry
veteran with more than 20 years of domestic and international finance experience. His experience includes FinTech, payments, blockchain,
wealth management and banking. Mr. Fichman holds a Six Sigma Black Belt accreditation and serves on multiple for profit and nonprofit
boards. Since 2013, Mr. Fichman has served as a managing director of C-Anax Ventures & Advisory, where he assists early-stage
companies with corporate strategy, streamlining operations, and financial analysis. Mr. Fichman is also an adjunct professor at
the Florida International University where he teaches in the Business School with a focus on international management and entrepreneurship.
From 2005 to 2015, Mr. Fichman served as a senior vice president of International Business Strategy & Initiatives at Bank of
America Merrill Lynch. From 2003 to 2004, he served as a director of Operations, Procurement and Insurance at the Township of Cherry
Hill, New Jersey. From 1999 to 2003, Mr. Fichman was a vice president of Strategic Initiatives at Actrade Financial Technologies,
where he helped create B2B banking products that were at the forefront of commercial payments. From 1997 to 1999, he was a senior
analyst consultant with Carson Group. Mr. Fichman received his MBA in Finance and Management from the University of Miami School
of Business and Bachelor of Arts in Criminal Justice from the George Washington University. We believe that Mr. Fichman’s
experience in the financial and capital markets industry provides him with the necessary skills to be qualified to serve as a director
of the Company. Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act requires our
directors and officers and persons who beneficially own more than ten percent of a registered class of our equity securities
to file with theCommission initial reports of ownership and reports of change in ownership of common stock and other
equity securities of the Company. Directors, officers and greater than ten percentstockholders are required by Commission
regulations to furnish us with copies of all Section 16(a) forms they file. To our knowledge, the following persons have
failed to file on a timely basis theidentified
reports required by Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act during the most
recent fiscal year: Name and Relationship | Number of late reports | Transactions not timely reported | Known failures to file a required form
James Caan, Director | 2 | 2 | 0
Drew Freeman, Director | 2 | 2 | 0
William Healy, former Director | 1 | 1 | 0
Howard Ash, Director | 2 | 2 | 0
Kenges Rakishev, Director | 2 | 2 | 0 Code of Ethics We have adopted a Code of Ethics and Business
Conduct that applies to all of our directors, officers and employees, including our principal executive officer and our principal
financial and accounting officer. A copy of our Code of Ethics and Business Conduct has been posted to the "Investors—Corporate
Governance" section of our Internet website at http://www.netelement.com. We will provide a copy of our Code of Ethics and
Business Conduct to any person without charge, upon written request to our Secretary at 3363 NE 163rd Street, Suite 705, North
Miami Beach, Florida 33160, fax number (305) 508-5497, e-mail address investors@netelement.com. Audit Committee Our Board of Directors has a separately-designated
standing audit committee established in accordance with Section 3(a)(58)(A) of the Exchange Act, which is currently comprised of
Howard Ash (audit committee chairman), Drew Freeman, James Caan, Jonathan Fichman and Jon Najarian. Our Board of Directors has determined
that Howard Ash is financially sophisticated as described in NASDAQ Listing Rule 5605(c)(2) and qualifies as an "audit committee
financial expert" as defined in Item 407(d)(5) of Regulation S-K. We believe that the audit committee's current member composition
satisfies the rules of NASDAQ that govern audit committee composition, including the requirement that audit committee members all
be "independent directors" as that term is defined by NASDAQ Listing Rule 5605(a)(2). Item 11. Executive Compensation. Summary Compensation Table The following table sets forth information
for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2017 and 2016 with respect to all compensation paid to or earned by each of our “named
executive officers” (as defined by Item 402(m)(2) of the Regulation S-K). Stock | Option | All Other
Name and Principal Position | Year | Salary ($) | Bonus ($) | Awards ($) | Awards ($) | Compensation ($) | Total ($)
Oleg Firer, Chief | 2017 | $ | 300,000 | $ | 600,000 | $ | 1,144,899 | $ | - | $ | 25,849 | $ | 2,070,748
Executive Officer of Net Element | 2016 | $ | 300,000 | $ | 300,000 | $ | 3,614,273 | $ | - | $ | 29,734 | $ | 4,244,007
Steven Wolberg, Chief Legal Officer and | 2017 | $ | 230,000 | $ | - | $ | 194,997 | $ | 85,050 | $ | 33,287 | $ | 543,334
Secretary of Net Element | 2016 | $ | 200,000 | $ | - | $ | 245,500 | $ | 290,743 | $ | 11,734 | $ | 747,977
Jonathan New, Chief Financial Officer | 2017 | $ | 160,250 | $ | - | $ | 103,776 | $ | 85,050 | $ | 11,153 | $ | 360,229
of Net Element | 2016 | $ | 165,032 | $ | - | $ | - | $ | 94,891 | $ | 11,153 | $ | 271,076 43 With respect to each stock option grant, the amounts disclosed
generally reflect the grant date fair value computed in accordance with FASB ASC Topic 718. Grant date fair value for each stock
option was determined based on the date approved by the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors and by the closing stock
price on such date. Outstanding Equity Awards at Fiscal Year End The following table sets forth information with respect to outstanding
equity awards at the end of the Company’s fiscal year 2017 for the “named executive officers”: OPTION AWARDS | SHARE AWARDS
Name | Number of securities underlying unexercised options(#) exercisable | Number of securities underlying unexercised options (#) unexercisable | Equity incentive plan awards: Number of securities underlying unexercised unearned options (#) | Option exercise price ($) | Option Expiration Date | Number of shares or units of stock that have not vested(#) | Market value of shares of units of stock that have not vested($) | Equity incentive plan awards: Number of unearned shares, units or other rights that have not vested (#) | Equity incentive plan awards: Market or payout value of unearned shares, units or other rights that have not vested ($)
Steven Wolberg | 2,000 | - | - | $ | 24.00 | October 3, 2025 | - | $ | - | - | $ | -
Steven Wolberg | 13,714 | - | - | $ | 21.20 | June 13, 2026 | - | $ | - | - | $ | -
Steven Wolberg | 10,500 | 1,500 | - | $ | 8.10 | February 28, 2027 | - | $ | - | - | $ | -
Steven Wolberg | - | - | - | $ | - | - | $ | - | 7,559 | $ | 84,132
Jonathan New | 2,000 | - | - | $ | 24.00 | November 30, 2025 | - | $ | - | - | $ | -
Jonathan New | 4,476 | - | - | $ | 21.20 | June 13, 2026 | - | $ | - | - | $ | -
Jonathan New | 10,500 | 1,500 | - | $ | 8.10 | February 28, 2027 | - | $ | - | - | $ | -
Jonathan New | - | - | - | $ | - | - | $ | - | 1,572 | $ | 17,496 The unvested stock and options for both Mr. New and
Mr. Wolberg vested on February 28, 2018. Director Compensation The following table further summarizes
the compensation paid to the Company's non-employee directors for service as a director during 2017: Fees earned or
Director Name | paid in cash ($) | Stock awards ($) | Total ($)
Kenes Rakishev | $ | - | $ | 14,998 | $ | 14,998
Howard Ash | $ | 41,250 | $ | 39,011 | $ | 80,261
Drew Freeman | $ | 15,000 | $ | 53,992 | $ | 68,992
James Caan | $ | - | $ | 14,998 | $ | 14,998
William Healy | $ | 17,500 | $ | 7,500 | $ | 25,000 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain
Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. The table below contains information regarding the beneficial
ownership of our Common Stock as of March 30, 2018 by (i) each person who is known to us to beneficially own more than 5% of our
Common Stock, (ii) each of our directors, (iii) each of our named executive officers and (iv) all of our directors and executive
officers as a group. Except as otherwise noted below, each person or entity named in the following table has the sole voting and
investment power with respect to all shares of our Common Stock that he, she or it beneficially owns. Unless otherwise indicated,
the address of each beneficial owner listed below is c/o Net Element, Inc., 3363 NE 163rd Street, Suite 705, North Miami Beach
FL 33160. 44 Name and address of beneficial owner | Amount and nature of beneficial ownership (number of shares of Common Stock beneficially owned) | Percent of class (1)
Kenges Rakishev c/o SAT & Company 241 Mukanova Street Almaty Kazakhstan 050008 | 314,957 | (2) | 7.91 | %
Oleg Firer c/o Net Element, Inc. 3363 NE 163rd Street, Suite 705, North Miami Beach, Florida 33160 | 368,319 | (3) | 9.47 | %
Steven Wolberg c/o Net Element, Inc. 3363 NE 163rd Street, Suite 705, North Miami Beach, Florida 33160 | 70,334 | (4) | 1.81 | %
James Caan 2791 Hutton Drive Beverly Hills, CA 90210 | 3,536 | 0.09 | %
Jonathan New c/o Net Element, Inc. 3363 NE 163rd Street, Suite 705, North Miami Beach, Florida 33160 | 29,817 | (5) | 0.77 | %
Howard Ash 4233 Sheridan Avenue Miami Beach, Florida 33140 | 3,804 | 0.10 | %
Drew Freeman 2542 Nassau Lane Fort Lauderdale. FL 33312 | 5,397 | 0.14 | %
Jon Najarian c/o Net Element, Inc. 3363 NE 163rd Street, Suite 705, North Miami Beach, Florida 33160 | - | - | %
Jonathan Fichman c/o Net Element, Inc. 3363 NE 163rd Street, Suite 705, North Miami Beach, Florida 33160 | - | - | %
All directors and executive officers as a group (8 persons) | 796,164 | 20.28 | % (1) | Applicable percentage ownership is based on 3,862,352 shares of Common Stock outstanding as of March 30, 2018 together with securities exercisable or convertible into shares of Common Stock within 60 days of March 30, 2018 for each stockholder. Beneficial ownership is determined in accordance with the rules of the Commission and generally includes voting or investment power with respect to securities. The shares issuable pursuant to the exercise or conversion of such securities are deemed outstanding for the purpose of computing the percentage of ownership of the security holder, but are not treated as outstanding for the purpose of computing the percentage of ownership of any other person.
(2) | All information regarding shares that may be beneficially owned by Kenges Rakishev is based on information disclosed in a Schedule 13D/A filed by Mr. Rakishev with the Commission and on the information available to us. Per such Schedule 13D/A, Mr. Rakishev may be deemed to have beneficial ownership of 314,957 shares of Common Stock, consisting of (1) 196,885 shares of Common Stock held by Mr. Rakishev and (2) 118,072 shares of Common Stock in the aggregate issuable upon exercise of the certain options. Mr. Rakishev has sole power to vote or direct the vote and to dispose or direct the disposition of shares of Common Stock beneficially owned by Mr. Rakishev as indicated herein.
(3) | All information regarding shares that may be beneficially owned by Oleg Firer is based on information disclosed in a Schedule 13D/A filed jointly by Mr. Firer and Star Equities, LLC and on the information available to us. Per such Schedule 13D/A, Mr. Firer is deemed to have beneficial ownership of 368,319 shares of Common Stock consisting of (1) 243,863 restricted shares of Common Stock held directly by Mr. Firer, and (2) as the sole member of Star Equities, Mr. Firer can be deemed to beneficially own the above-described restricted shares of Common Stock beneficially owned by Star Equities (which equals to 124,456 shares as of the date hereof, as described above). Mr. Firer has sole voting power and sole dispositive power with respect to 243,863 restricted shares of Common Stock and shared voting power and shared dispositive power with respect to the above-described shares beneficially owned by Star Equities. 124,456 restricted shares of Common Stock beneficially owned by Star Equities include 28,572 restricted shares of Common Stock issuable pursuant to amended option to pursuant to the Letter Agreement dated as of September 11, 2015, as modified by that certain Additional Letter Agreement dated as of October 7, 2015, as amended, with the Company.
(4) | The shares held directly by Steven Wolberg include 31,287 shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of certain options to purchase shares of Common Stock, including (i) 27,715 shares issuable upon exercise of the options granted as part of the Company’s incentive compensation awards and (ii) 3,572 restricted shares of Common Stock issuable pursuant to amended option pursuant to the Letter Agreement dated as of September 11, 2015, as modified by that certain Additional Letter Agreement dated as of October 7, 2015, as amended, with the Company.
(5) | Includes (i) 58 shares of Common Stock held by Mr. New’s spouse, (ii) 108 shares of Common Stock held by Mr. New’s son and (iii) 18,477 shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of the options granted as part of the Company’s incentive compensation awards. 45 Equity Compensation Plan Table The following table summarizes our equity
compensation plan information as of December 31, 2017. Information is included for equity compensation plans approved by our stockholders
and equity compensation plans not approved by our stockholders Plan Category | (a) Number of securities to be issued upon exercise of outstanding options, warrants and rights | (b) Weighted-average exercise price per share of outstanding options, warrants and rights | (c) Number of securities remaining available for future issuance under equity compensation plans (excluding securities reflected in column (a))
Equity compensation plans approved by stockholders | 74,004 | $ | 15.50 | 240,996
Equity compensation plans not approved by stockholders | - | $ | - | -
Total | 74,004 | $ | 15.50 | 240,996 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions,
and Director Independence. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions On January 21, 2016, the Company entered
into a Second Additional Letter Agreement, as amended on April 14, 2016 (the “Second Additional Agreement”) with Kenges
Rakishev, Chairman of our Board of Directors. The Second Additional Agreement provided for the second and final round of $910,000
equity financing to the Company in consideration for the issuance by the Company on June 13, 2016 to Kenges Rakishev of (i) 46,643
restricted shares of the Company’s common stock based on $19.50 per share price and (ii) options to purchase 46,643 restricted
shares of the Company’s common stock with a strike price of $21.50 and a 5 year life. We issued the following notes payable to MBF Merchant
Capital, LLC (“MBF”), which is owned by William Healy, a former member of our Board of Directors. · | Effective March 28, 2016, we entered into a $75,000 promissory loan note with MBF. The loan provides for interest only payments at 14% through May 28, 2016. From June 28, 2016 through March 28, 2017, we are obligated to make interest and principal payments of $7,990. The loan also provided a 6% backend fee due at the final payment of the loan. This loan was paid off in March of 2017. As of December 31, 2016, $23,420 was outstanding. · | Effective April 19, 2016, we entered into a $300,000 promissory loan note with MBF. The loan provides for interest only payments at 15.5% through May 28, 2016. From June 28, 2016 through May 28, 2018, we are obligated to make interest and principal payments of $14,617. The loan also provided a 6% back end fee due at the final payment of the loan. As of December 31, 2017 and 2016, $70,338 and $221,826 remains outstanding respectively. · | Effective July 1, 2016, our subsidiary, TOT Group, Inc., entered into a $353,500 promissory loan note with MBF. The loan provides for interest only payments at 15.5% through June 28, 2016. From July 28, 2016 through June 28, 2018, we are obligated to make interest and principal payments of $17,224. The loan also provided a 1% front end fee and a 6.6% back end fee due at the final payment of the loan. As of December 31, 2017 and 2016, $98,829 and $275,056 remains outstanding respectively On March 1, 2017, we entered into a promissory note with Star
Equities, LLC, an entity which our CEO is the managing member, in the principal amount of $348,083 (the “Star Equities Note”).
The Star Equities Note provides for 18 monthly interest payments of $3,481 through September 30, 2018 followed by one interest
and principle payment on October 1, 2018. The principal balance of the Star Equities Note outstanding bears interest at the rate
of 12% per annum. On October 20, 2017, the Company entered into and consummated a letter agreement with Star Equities, LLC (the
“Exchange Agreement”). Pursuant to the Exchange Agreement, the entire outstanding amount (including the principal amount
of $348,083 and accrued and unpaid interest) of $374,253 under the Star Equities Note was exchanged into 67,312 restricted shares
of Common Stock of the Company based on such shares’ consolidated closing bid price on The NASDAQ Stock Market on the date
of the Exchange Agreement. Director Independence Our Board of Directors currently
includes five non-employee independent members: Drew Freeman, Howard Ash, James Caan, Jon Najarian and Jonathan Fichman. Each of
Messrs. Freeman, Ash, Caan, Najarian and Fichman is an "independent director" as defined under NASDAQ Listing Rule 5605(a)(2).
A majority of our Board members are independent directors, as five out of the seven members of the Board qualify as independent
under the NASDAQ listing standards and the rules of the Commission. No director is considered independent unless our Board of Directors
affirmatively determines that the director has no relationship with us (directly, or as a partner, shareholder or officer of an
organization that has a relationship with us) that would interfere with the exercise of independent judgment in carrying out the
responsibilities of a director. Also, all members of our Board of Director’s audit committee, compensation committee and
nominating and governance committee are independent directors. 46 Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services. Audit Fees . The aggregate
fees, including expenses, billed by our principal accountant for the audit of our annual financial statements and review of financial
statements included in our quarterly reports on Form 10-Q and other services that are normally provided in connection with statutory
and regulatory filings or engagements during the fiscal years ended December 31, 2017 and 2016 were $390,000 and $375,000, respectively. Audit-Related
Fees . The aggregate fees, including expenses, billed by our principal accountant for assurance and related services that are
reasonably related to the performance of the audit or review of our financial statements not reported under “Audit Fees”
above during the fiscal years ended December 31, 2017 and 2016 were $ 0. Tax Fees . The aggregate
fees, including expenses, billed by our principal accountant for services rendered for tax compliance, tax advice and tax planning
during the fiscal years ended December 31, 20117 and 2016 were $0. All Other Fees . The
aggregate fees, including expenses, billed for all other products and services provided by our principal accountant during the
fiscal years ended December 31, 2017 and 2016 were $0. Audit Committee Pre-Approval Policy Our audit committee is responsible
for approving in advance the engagement of our principal accountant for all audit services and non-audit services, based on independence,
qualifications and, if applicable, performance, and approving the fees and other terms of any such engagement. The audit committee
may in the future establish pre-approval policies and procedures pursuant to which our principal accountant may provide certain
audit and non-audit services to us without first obtaining the audit committee’s approval, provided that such policies and
procedures (i) are detailed as to particular services, (ii) do not involve delegation to management of the audit committee’s
responsibilities described in this paragraph and (iii) provide that, at its next scheduled meeting, the audit committee is informed
as to each such service for which the principal accountant is engaged pursuant to such policies and procedures. In addition, the
audit committee may in the future delegate to one or more members of the audit committee the authority to grant pre-approvals for
such services, provided that the decisions of such member(s) to grant any such pre-approval must be presented to the audit committee
at its next scheduled meeting. All audit and audit-related
services performed by our principal accountant during the fiscal years ended December 31, 2017 and 2016 were pre-approved by our
audit committee. PART IV Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules. Documents filed as part of this Report. 1. | The following consolidated financial statements of Net Element, Inc. and subsidiaries and notes thereto and the reports of the independent registered public accounting firms thereon are set forth on pages F-2 through F-31 and are filed as part of this Report: Reports of Independent Registered Public Accounting
Firms Audited Consolidated Balance Sheets at December
31, 2017 and 2016 Audited Consolidated Statements of Operations and
Comprehensive Loss for the years ended December 31, 2017 and 2016 Audited Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders’
Equity for the years ended December 31, 2017 and 2016 Audited Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December
31, 2017 and 2016 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 2. | Exhibits. A list of the exhibits filed as a part of this Report
is set forth on the Exhibit Index that follows page F-31 of this Report and is incorporated herein by reference. 47 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary. None. SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly
authorized. Net Element, Inc.
April 2, 2018 | By: | /s/ Oleg Firer
Oleg Firer
Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on
the dates indicated. April 2, 2018 | By: | /s/ Oleg Firer
Oleg Firer Chief Executive Officer and Director (Principal Executive Officer)
April 2, 2018 | By: | /s/ Jonathan New
Jonathan New
Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer)
April 2, 2018 | By: | /s/ Kenges Rakishev
Kenges Rakishev
Director
April 2, 2018 | By: | /s/ Drew Freeman
Drew Freeman
Director
April 2, 2018 | By: | /s/ Howard Ash
Howard Ash
Director
April 2, 2018 | By: | /s/ James Caan
James Caan
Director
April 2, 2018 | By: | /s/ Jon Najarian
Jon Najarian
Director
April 2, 2018 | By: | /s/ Jonathan Fichman
Jonathan Fichman
Director 48 NET ELEMENT, INC. INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Page
Reports of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm | F-2
Consolidated Balance Sheets at December 31, 2017 and 2016 | F-3
Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Loss for the Years Ended December 31, 2017 and 2016 | F-4
Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders’ Equity for the Years Ended December 31, 2017 and 2016 | F-5
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended December 31, 2017 and 2016 | F-6
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements | F-7 F- 1 Report
of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm To the Board of Directors and Stockholders of Net Element, Inc. Miami, Florida Opinion on the Financial Statements We have audited the accompanying consolidated
balance sheets of Net Element, Inc. (the “Company”) at December 31, 2017 and 2016, and the related consolidated statements
of operations, changes in stockholders’ equity, and cash flows for each of the years in the two-year period ended December
31, 2017, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements). In our opinion, the financial statements
present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company at December 31, 2017 and 2016, and the results
of its operations and its cash flows for each of the years in the two-year period ended December 31, 2017, in conformity with accounting
principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Basis for Opinion These financial statements are the responsibility
of the Company’s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company’s financial statements based
on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB)
and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable
rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. We conducted our audits in accordance with
the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether
the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have,
nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits, we are required
to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the
effectiveness of the Company’s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. Our audits included performing procedures
to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures
that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures
in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made
by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a
reasonable basis for our opinion. /s/ Daszkal Bolton LLP We have served as the Company’s auditor
since 2015. Fort Lauderdale, Florida April 2, 2018 F- 2 NET ELEMENT, INC. CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS December 31, 2017 | December 31, 2016
ASSETS
Current assets:
Cash | $ | 11,285,669 | $ | 621,635
Accounts receivable, net | 5,472,856 | 7,126,429
Prepaid expenses and other assets | 2,282,614 | 1,467,897
Total current assets, net | 19,041,139 | 9,215,961
Fixed assets, net | 58,268 | 117,295
Intangible assets, net | 3,127,760 | 3,589,850
Goodwill | 9,643,752 | 9,643,752
Other long term assets | 460,511 | 603,209
Total assets | $ | 32,331,430 | $ | 23,170,067
LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY
Current liabilities:
Accounts payable | $ | 6,785,459 | $ | 7,510,113
Accrued expenses | 3,674,430 | 5,518,823
Deferred revenue | 1,712,591 | 1,355,972
Notes payable (current portion) | 2,493,973 | 808,976
Due to related parties | - | 299,004
Total current liabilities | 14,666,453 | 15,492,888
Notes payable (net of current portion) | 4,521,449 | 3,615,782
Total liabilities | 19,187,902 | 19,108,670
STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY
Series A Convertible Preferred stock ($.0001 par value, 1,000,000 shares authorized, no shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2017 and December 31, 2016) | - | -
Common stock ($.0001 par value, 100,000,000 shares authorized and 3,853,100 and 1,535,350 shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2017 and December 31, 2016 | 385 | 154
Additional paid in capital | 183,119,222 | 163,920,066
Accumulated other comprehensive loss | (2,530,238 | ) | (2,486,616 | )
Accumulated deficit | (167,356,070 | ) | (157,442,585 | )
Stock subscriptions receivable | (50,585 | ) | -
Noncontrolling interest | (39,186 | ) | 70,378
Total stockholders' equity | 13,143,528 | 4,061,397
Total liabilities and stockholders' equity | $ | 32,331,430 | $ | 23,170,067 See accompanying notes to the consolidated
financial statements F- 3 NET ELEMENT, INC. CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS AND
COMPREHENSIVE LOSS Twelve Months Ended December 31
2017 | 2016
Net revenues
Service fees | $ | 58,723,928 | $ | 48,784,855
Branded content | 1,340,896 | 5,502,004
Total Revenues | 60,064,824 | 54,286,859
Costs and expenses:
Cost of service fees | 49,934,371 | 40,521,236
Cost of branded content | 1,302,841 | 5,187,005
General and administrative | 10,629,773 | 8,797,883
Non-cash compensation | 2,940,424 | 3,463,435
Bad debt expense | 1,320,848 | 1,688,237
Depreciation and amortization | 2,533,985 | 3,466,511
Total costs and operating expenses | 68,662,242 | 63,124,307
Loss from operations | (8,597,418 | ) | (8,837,448 | )
Interest expense, net | (1,189,622 | ) | (1,463,833 | )
Loss from stock value guarantee | - | (3,722,142 | )
Other income (expense) | (236,009 | ) | 407,347
Net loss before income taxes | (10,023,049 | ) | (13,616,076 | )
Income taxes | - | -
Net loss | (10,023,049 | ) | (13,616,076 | )
Net loss attributable to the noncontrolling interest | 109,564 | 128,539
Net loss attributable to Net Element, Inc. stockholders | (9,913,485 | ) | (13,487,537 | )
Foreign currency translation | (43,623 | ) | (920,794 | )
Comprehensive loss attributable to common stockholders | $ | (9,957,108 | ) | $ | (14,408,331 | )
Loss per share - basic and diluted | $ | (5.04 | ) | $ | (10.33 | )
Weighted average number of common shares outstanding - basic and diluted | 1,967,676 | 1,305,801 See accompanying notes to the consolidated
financial statements F- 4 NET ELEMENT, INC. CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS’
EQUITY Preferred Stock | Common Stock | Paid in | Stock | Comprehensive | Non-controlling | Accumulated | Equity (Deficiency)
Shares | Amount | Shares | Amount | Capital | Subscription | Income | interest | Deficit | in Assets
Balance December 31, 2015 | - | - | 1,126,376 | $ | 113 | $ | 154,362,707 | $ | (1,565,822 | ) | $ | 198,917 | $ | (143,955,048 | ) | $ | 9,040,867
Share based compensation | - | - | 121,442 | 12 | 4,427,105 | - | - | - | - | 4,427,117
Shares issued and issuable for acquisitions | - | - | 6,543 | 1 | 134,094 | - | - | 134,095
Shares issued for insider financing | - | - | 46,643 | 5 | 988,823 | - | - | - | - | 988,828
Shares issued in connection with debt restructuring | - | - | 166,340 | 16 | 3,288,820 | - | - | - | - | 3,288,836
Shares issued under ESOUSA agreement | - | - | 68,006 | 7 | 718,517 | - | - | - | - | 718,524
Net loss | - | - | - | - | - | - | - | (128,539 | ) | (13,487,537 | ) | (13,616,076 | )
Comprehensive loss - foreign currency translation | - | - | - | - | - | - | (920,794 | ) | - | - | (920,794 | )
Balance December 31, 2016 | - | - | 1,535,350 | $ | 154 | $ | 163,920,066 | $ | - | $ | (2,486,616 | ) | $ | 70,378 | $ | (157,442,585 | ) | $ | 4,061,397
Shares issued in connection with reverse stock split | - | - | 3,117 | 0 | 1 | - | - | - | - | 1
Share based compensation | - | - | 242,324 | 24 | 2,850,155 | - | - | - | - | 2,850,179
Shares issued for acquisitions | - | - | 13,082 | 1 | 105,965 | - | - | - | - | 105,966
Shares issued to settle merchant liabilities | - | - | 30,759 | 3 | 252,220 | - | - | - | - | 252,223
Shares issued for consulting services | - | - | 19,896 | 2 | 228,416 | (50,585 | ) | - | - | - | 177,833
Shares issued in connection with debt restructuring | - | - | 127,406 | 13 | 758,181 | - | - | - | - | 758,194
Shares issued under ESOUSA/Cobblestone agreements | - | - | 1,881,165 | 188 | 15,004,217 | - | - | - | - | 15,004,405
Net loss | - | - | - | - | - | - | - | (109,564 | ) | (9,913,485 | ) | (10,023,049 | )
Comprehensive loss - foreign currency translation | - | - | - | - | - | - | (43,622 | ) | - | - | (43,622 | )
Balance December 31, 2017 | - | - | 3,853,100 | $ | 385 | $ | 183,119,222 | $ | (50,585 | ) | $ | (2,530,238 | ) | $ | (39,186 | ) | $ | (167,356,070 | ) | $ | 13,143,528 See accompanying notes to the consolidated
financial statements F- 5 NET ELEMENT, INC. CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS Twelve Months Ended December 31,
2017 | 2016
Cash flows from operating activities
Net loss attributable to Net Element, Inc. stockholders | $ | (9,913,485 | ) | $ | (13,487,537 | )
Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash (used in) provided by operating activities | -
Non controlling interest | (109,564 | ) | (128,539 | )
Share based compensation | 2,940,424 | 3,463,435
Provision for bad debts | - | 500,000
Amortization of prepaid costs | 967,313
Depreciation and amortization | 2,533,985 | 3,466,510
Non cash interest | 114,802 | 852,408
Changes in assets and liabilities
Accounts receivable | 3,002,425 | (2,751,144 | )
Deferred revenue | 356,619 | 612,062
Prepaid expenses and other assets | (1,022,985 | ) | (570,582 | )
Accounts payable and accrued expenses | (2,943,154 | ) | 3,797,753
Net cash used in operating activities | (5,040,933 | ) | (3,278,321 | )
Cash flows from investing activities
Client acquisition costs | (1,885,098 | ) | (1,319,820 | )
Receipt of excess deposits | 149,826
Purchase of fixed and other assets | (103,341 | ) | (187,089 | )
Net cash used in investing activities | (1,838,613 | ) | (1,506,909 | )
Cash flows from financing activities
Proceeds from common stock | 14,884,435 | -
Proceeds from indebtedness | 3,678,824 | 3,170,540
Cash received for issuance of warrants | 300,000
Repayment of indebtedness | (998,780 | ) | (71,700 | )
Related party advances | - | 1,027,874
Net cash provided by financing activities | 17,564,479 | 4,426,714
Effect of exchange rate changes on cash | (20,899 | ) | (45,596 | )
Net increase (decrease) in cash | 10,664,034 | (404,112 | )
Cash at beginning of period | 621,635 | 1,025,747
Cash at end of period | $ | 11,285,669 | $ | 621,635
Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information
Cash paid during the period for:
Interest | $ | 1,074,820 | $ | 611,625
Taxes | $ | 86,942 | $ | 94,718
Share issuance for settlement of unpaid compensation | $ | - | $ | 1,042,509
Shares issued for redemption of indebtedness | $ | 379,874 | $ | 2,499,481
Shares issued in settlement of advances from from board member | $ | - | $ | 909,285
Shares issued in settlement of related party debt | $ | 378,253 | $ | - See accompanying notes to the consolidated
financial statements F- 6 NET ELEMENT, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS DECEMBER 31, 2016 AND 2017 NOTE 1. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING
POLICIES Organization and Basis of Presentation Organization Net Element, Inc. (“We”, “us”, “our”
or the “Company”) is a financial technology-driven group specializing in mobile payments and other transactional services
in emerging countries and in the United States. We are differentiated by our proprietary technology which enables us to provide
a broad suite of payment products, end-to-end transaction processing services and superior client support. During the year ended
December 31, 2016, we operated in three reportable business operating segments: (i) North American Transaction Solutions, (ii)
Mobile Solutions, and (iii) Online Solutions. During the year ended December 31, 2017, we consolidated our online and mobile payments
business into one segment, International Transaction Solutions. We are able to deliver our services across multiple points of
access, or “multi-channel,” including brick and mortar locations, software integration, e-commerce, mobile operator
billing, mobile and tablet-based solutions. In the United States, via our U.S. based subsidiaries, we generate revenues from transactional
services and other payment technologies for small and medium-sized businesses. Through TOT Group Russia and Net Element Russia,
we provide transactional services, mobile payment transactions, online payment transactions and other payment technologies in emerging
countries in the Russian Federation, Commonwealth of Independent States (“CIS”), Europe and Asia. Business Our transactional services business enables
merchants to accept credit cards as well as other forms of payment, including debit cards, checks, gift cards, loyalty programs
and alternative payment methods in traditional card-present or swipe transactions, as well as card-not-present transactions, such
as those conducted over the phone or through the Internet or a mobile device. We market and sell our services through both independent
sales groups (“ISGs”), which are non-employee, external sales organizations and other third-party resellers of our
products and services, and directly to merchants through electronic media, telemarketing and other programs, including utilizing
partnerships with other companies that market products and services to local and international merchants. We have agreements with
several banks that sponsor us for membership in the Visa ® , MasterCard ® ,
American Express ® and Discover ® card associations and settle
card transactions for our merchants. These sponsoring banks include Citizens Bank, Esquire Bank, N.A. and Wells Fargo Bank, N.A.
From time to time, we may enter into agreements with additional banks. We perform core functions for merchants such as application
processing, underwriting, account set-up, risk management, fraud detection, merchant assistance and support, equipment deployment
and chargeback services. Our Mobile Solutions business, Digital
Provider, provides relationships and contracts with mobile operators that give us the ability to offer our clients in-app, premium
SMS (short message services, which is a text messaging service), Wireless Application Protocol (WAP)-click, one click and other
carrier billing services. We also market our own branded content as a separate line of business for our mobile commerce business
from offices in Russia and Kazakhstan. In August 2017, we substantially reorganized this business, and consolidated its operations
into PayOnline and TOT Group Russia. We currently are not generating revenues from new mobile content and we continue to
explore partnership opportunities that can monetize our relationships and contracts with mobile operators. PayOnline provides flexible high-tech payment
solutions to companies doing business on the Internet or in the mobile environment. PayOnline specializes in integration and customization
of payment solutions for websites and mobile apps. In particular, PayOnline arranges payment on the website of any commercial organization,
which increases the convenience of using the website and helps maximize the number of successful transactions. In addition, PayOnline
is focused on providing online and mobile payment acceptance services to the travel industry through direct integration with leading
Global Distribution Systems (“GDS”), which include Amadeus® and Sabre®. Key geographic regions that PayOnline
serves include Eastern Europe, Central Asia, Western Europe, North America and Asia major sub regions. PayOnline offices are located
in Russia, Kazakhstan and in the Republic of Cyprus. Also part of our transactional services
business, Aptito is a proprietary, cloud-based payments platform for the hospitality industry, which creates an online consumer
experience in offline commerce environments via tablet, mobile and all other cloud-connected devices. Aptito’s easy to use
point-of-sale (“POS”) system makes things easier by providing a comprehensive solution to the hospitality industry
to help streamline management and operations. Orders placed tableside by customers directly speed up the ordering process and improve
overall efficiency. Aptito's mobile POS system provides portability to the staff while performing all the same functions as a traditional
POS system, and more. F- 7 Basis of Presentation Use of Estimates The preparation of consolidated financial statements in conformity
with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America requires management to make estimates and assumptions
that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosures of contingent assets and liabilities as of the balance
sheet date and the reported amounts of expenses for the period presented. Actual results could differ from those estimates. Significant estimates include (i) the valuation of acquired
merchant portfolios (ii) the recoverability of long-lived assets, (iii) the remaining useful lives of long-lived assets,
and (iv) the sufficiency of merchant, legal, and other reserves. On an ongoing basis, the Company evaluates the sufficiency
and accuracy of its estimates. Actual results could differ from those estimates. Reclassifications Certain reclassifications have been made
to the comparative period amounts to conform to our current period presentation. These reclassifications had no impact on previously
presented financial condition or results of operations. Cash and Cash Equivalents We maintain our U.S. dollar-denominated cash in several non-interest
bearing bank deposit accounts. All U.S. non-interest bearing transaction accounts are insured up to a maximum of $250,000 at FDIC
insured institutions. The bank balances exceeded FDIC limits at December 31, 2017 by $10,647,524 due to the cash received from
capital raises. We plan to transfer funds among different financial institutions to reduce this risk. The bank balances did not
exceed FDIC limits at December 31, 2016. We maintain $186,353 and $498,308 in uninsured bank accounts
in Russia and the Cayman Islands at December 31, 2017 and 2016 respectively. Accounts Receivable and Allowance for Doubtful Accounts Accounts receivable are stated net of an allowance for doubtful
accounts. We estimate an allowance based on experience with our service providers and judgment as to the likelihood of their ultimate
payment. We also consider collection experience and make estimates regarding collectability based on payout trends of the customers.
In Russia, the service providers are subsidiaries of large telecommunication companies and we do not reserve for these receivables
given their financial backing and our historical experience with such companies. The allowance for doubtful accounts was $256,967
at December 31, 2017 and $603,031 at December 31, 2016. Other Current Assets We maintain an inventory of POS terminals which we use to service
both merchants and independent sales agents. If the terminals are sold for a fee, we expense the cost of these terminals, plus
any setup fees at the time of the sale. Often, we will provide the terminals as an incentive for merchants and independent sales
agents to enter into a merchant contracts with us. The term of these contracts have an average length of three years and the cost
of the terminal plus any setup fees will be amortized over the contract period. If the merchants terminate their contract with
us early, they are obligated to either return the terminal or pay for the terminal. The Company has $506,906 and $311,206 in terminals,
iPads ® and related equipment as of December 31, 2017 and 2016, respectively, of which $500,701 and $308,582 has been placed
with merchants during 2017 and 2016, respectively. Amortization of these terminals amounted to $188,897 and $126,643 for the years
ended December 31, 2017 and 2016, respectively. Fixed Assets We depreciate our furniture and equipment over a term of three
to ten years. Computers and software are depreciated over terms between two and five years. Leasehold improvements are depreciated
over the shorter of the economic life or term of each lease. All of our assets are depreciated on a straight-line basis for financial
statement purposes. Expenditures for repairs and maintenance are charged to operating
expense as incurred. Expenditures that increase the value or productive capacity of assets are capitalized. At the time of retirements,
sales, or other dispositions of property and equipment, the original cost and related accumulated depreciation are removed from
the respective accounts, and the gains or losses are presented as other expenses. Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets Intangible assets acquired, either individually or with a group
of other assets (but not those acquired in a business combination), are initially recognized and measured based on fair value.
Goodwill acquired in business combinations is initially computed as the amount paid by the acquiring company in excess of the fair
value of the net assets acquired. The cost of internally developing, maintaining and restoring
intangible assets (including goodwill) that are not specifically identifiable, that have indeterminate lives, or that are inherent
in a continuing business and related to an entity are recognized as an expense when incurred. F- 8 An intangible asset (including goodwill) that is not subject
to amortization shall be tested for impairment annually or more frequently if events or changes in circumstances indicate that
the asset might be impaired. If the carrying amount of an intangible asset exceeds its fair value, an impairment loss shall be
recognized in an amount equal to that excess. Goodwill is not amortized. It is the Company's policy to test for impairment no less
than annually, by considering qualitative factors to determine whether it is more likely than not that a that the Company's goodwill
carrying value is greater than its fair value. Such factors may include the following: a significant decline in expected revenues,
significant decline in the Company's stock price, a significant downturn in the general economic business conditions, the loss
of key personnel or when conditions occur that may indicate impairment. The Company's intangible assets, which consist of goodwill
of $9,643,752 recorded in connection with the various acquisitions, were tested for impairment during the fourth quarter, 2017,
and we determined that no adjustment for impairment was necessary. Impairment of Long-Lived Assets We review our long-lived assets for impairment whenever events
or changes indicate that the carrying amount of an asset or group of assets may not be recoverable. During the twelve months ended
December 31, 2017 and 2016, we did not recognize any charges for impairment of goodwill or intangible assets. Capitalized Customer Acquisition Costs, Net Capitalized customer acquisition costs consist of up-front cash
payments made to Independent Sales Groups (“ISGs”) for the establishment of new merchant relationships. Capitalized
customer acquisition costs represent incremental, direct customer acquisition costs that are recoverable through gross margins
associated with merchant contracts. The up-front cash payment to the ISG is based on the estimated gross margin for the first year
of the merchant contract. The deferred customer acquisition cost asset is recorded at the time amounts are receivable but not yet
earned and the capitalized acquisition costs are primarily amortized on a straight-line basis over a period of three years. During the years ended December 31, 2017 and 2016, we recorded
$1,801,685 and $1,319,820, respectively, in additional capitalized customer acquisition costs, and $1,063,687 and $670,543, respectively,
in related additional amortization. The balance of customer acquisition costs was $2,435,335 and $1,697,337 at December 31, 2017
and 2016, respectively, and is reflected in intangible assets in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. Accrued Residual Commissions We report commissions as a cost of revenues in the accompanying
consolidated statement of operations and comprehensive loss. We pay agent commissions to ISGs and independent sales agents based
on the processing volume of the merchants enrolled. The commission obligations are based on varying percentages of the volume processed
by us on behalf of the merchants. Percentages vary based on the program type and transaction volume of each merchant. We report
residual commissions as a cost of revenues in the accompanying consolidated statement of operations and comprehensive loss. At December 31, 2017 and 2016 the residual commissions payable
to ISGs and independent sales agents were $1,821,790 and $1,347,352, respectively. We pay agent commission on annual fees between January and April
of each year. We amortize the annual fees paid in equal monthly amounts from date of payment to end of year. We pay our agent commissions
for annual fees in advance of recognizing the associated revenue. We deferred $1,224,044 and $863,604 of agent commissions paid
for annual fees at December 31, 2017 and 2016. Prepaid agent commissions for annual fees are included in prepaid expenses and other
assets, and commissions payable are included in accounts payable in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. Fair Value Measurements Our financial instruments consist primarily of cash,
accounts receivables, accounts payables. The carrying values of these financial instruments are considered to be
representative of their fair values due to the short-term nature of these instruments. The carrying amount of the long-term
debt of, $7.0 million and $4.4 million at December 31, 2017 and 2016, respectively, approximates fair value because current
borrowing rate does not materially differ from market rates for similar bank borrowings. The long-term debt is classified as
a Level 2 item within the fair value hierarchy. We measure certain nonfinancial assets and liabilities at fair
value on a nonrecurring basis. Fair value is defined as the exchange price that would be received for an asset or paid to transfer
a liability (an exit price) in the principal or most advantageous market for the asset or liability in an orderly transaction between
market participants at the measurement date. We use a three-level fair value hierarchy to prioritize the inputs used to measure
fair value and maximizes the use of observable inputs and minimizes the use of unobservable inputs. The three levels of inputs
used to measure fair value are as follows: Level 1 — Quoted market prices in active markets for identical
assets or liabilities as of the reporting date Level 2 — Observable market based inputs or unobservable
inputs that are corroborated by market data Level 3 — Unobservable inputs that are not corroborated
by market data F- 9 These non-financial assets and liabilities include intangible
assets and liabilities acquired in a business combination as well as impairment calculations, when necessary. The fair value of
the assets acquired and liabilities assumed in connection with the PayOnline acquisition, were measured at fair value by us at
the acquisition date. The fair values of our merchant portfolios are primarily based on Level 3 inputs and are generally estimated
based upon independent appraisals that include discounted cash flow analyses based on our most recent cash flow projections, and,
for years beyond the projection period, estimates based on assumed growth rates. Assumptions are also made regarding appropriate
discount rates, perpetual growth rates, and capital expenditures, among others. In certain circumstances, the discounted cash flow
analyses are corroborated by a market-based approach that utilizes comparable company public trading values, and, where available,
values observed in private market transactions. The inputs used by management for the fair value measurements include significant
unobservable inputs, and therefore, the fair value measurements employed are classified as Level 3. The goodwill impairment was
primarily based on observable inputs using company specific information and is classified as Level 3. Foreign Currency Transactions We are subject to exchange rate risk in our foreign operations
in Russia, the functional currency of which is Russian ruble, where we generate service fee revenues and interest income and incurs
product development, engineering, website development, and general and administrative costs and expenses. The Russian engineering
operations pay a majority of their operating expenses in their local currencies, exposing us to exchange rate risk. The Company does not engage in any currency hedging activities. Revenue Recognition We recognize revenue when the following four basic criteria
have been met: (1) persuasive evidence of a sales arrangement exists; (2) performance of services has occurred, (3) the sales price
is fixed or determinable, and (4) collectability is reasonably assured. The Company considers persuasive evidence of a sales arrangement
to be the receipt of a billable transaction from aggregators, signed contract or the processing of a credit card transaction. Collectability
is assessed based on a number of factors, including transaction history with the customer and the credit worthiness of the customer.
If it is determined that the collection is not reasonably assured, revenue is not recognized until collection becomes reasonably
assured, which is generally upon receipt of cash. We record cash received in advance of revenue recognition as deferred revenue. Our revenues for the years ended December 31, 2017 and 2016
are principally derived from the following sources: Transactional Processing Fees: Transactional processing
fees are generated primarily from TOT Payments doing business as Unified Payments, which is our North American Transaction Solutions
segment, PayOnline, which is our Russian online transaction processing company, and Aptito our point of sale solution for restaurants. Our transactional processing companies derive revenues primarily
from the electronic processing of services including: credit, debit, electronic benefits transfer and alternative payment methods
card processing authorized and captured through proprietary and third party networks, electronic gift certificate processing, and
equipment support. These revenues are recorded as bankcard and other processing transactions when processed. In addition to generating
service fees, Aptito earns monthly fees for use of its platform. Typically, fees charged to merchants for these processing services
are based on a variable percentage of the dollar amount of each transaction and in some instances, additional fees are charged
for each transaction. Merchant customers also may be charged miscellaneous fees, including statement fees, annual fees, monthly
minimum fees, fees for handling chargebacks, gateway fees, and fees for other miscellaneous services. Generally, we (i) are the primary obligor in our arrangements
with our merchant customers, (ii) have latitude in establishing the price of our services, (iii) have the ability to
change the product and perform parts of the services, (iv) have discretion in supplier selection, (v) have latitude in
determining the product and service specifications to meet the needs of our merchant customers, and (vi) assume credit risk.
In such cases, we report revenues as gross of fees deducted by our sponsoring member banks, as well as fees deducted from card-issuing
member banks and card brands (Visa® and MasterCard®) on behalf of our sponsoring member banks for interchange and assessments.
These fees charged by the card brands to process the credit card transactions are recorded separately as cost of revenue and interchange
fees in the accompanying consolidated statement of operations and comprehensive loss. We have arrangements that included bundled multiple
element transactions with merchants encompassing annual PCI (payment card industry) fees, annual membership fees, and monthly processing
fees. US GAAP requires and allocation of fees to a bundled
transaction based on an allocation of the relative selling prices using vendor specific objective evidence (VSOE) or third party
evidence (TPE). Our payment processing business derives revenues primarily
from the electronic processing of services including credit, debit and electronic benefits transfer card processing authorized
and captured through third party networks, check conversion and guarantee, electronic gift certificate processing, and equipment
leasing and sales. These revenues are recorded as bankcard and other processing transactions when processed. F- 10 Typically, fees charged to merchants for these processing
services are based on a variable percentage of the dollar amount of each transaction and in some instances, additional fees are
charged for each transaction. Merchant customers may also be charged miscellaneous fees, including statement fees, annual fees,
monthly minimum fees, fees for handling chargebacks, gateway fees, and fees for other miscellaneous services. The fair value for annual fees is based on the annual
contract renewal price and is deemed to represent stand-alone selling price based upon VSOE. The fair value for processing is based
on prices charged by our competitors for similar deliverables when sold separately and is deemed to represent stand-alone selling
price based upon TPE. Deferred revenue represents primarily amounts received
in advance for annual fee billings and are recognized on a pro rata basis over the service period. Service Fees: Service fees are generated
primarily from mobile payment processing services provided to third party content aggregators by Digital Provider. Digital Provider’s
revenues for the access of branded content are recorded at the amounts charged to the mobile subscriber. A corresponding charge
to cost of sales for mobile operator and content fees is recorded for branded content. Revenues for access to branded content are
recorded on the income statement as branded content revenues. Mobile payment processing revenues for third party content providers
continue to be accounted for as service fees and presented net of aggregator and mobile operator payments on the consolidated financial
statements as these revenues are considered to be agency fees. Cost of revenues for Digital Provider is comprised primarily
of mobile operator fees, content provider fees and fees for short numbers paid to mobile operators. Additionally, penalties and
penalty recoveries are recorded as cost of sales. Service revenues for mobile payment processing services are presented net as
these revenues are considered to be agency fees. Subscription revenues for our branded content are recognized
when a content subscriber initiates the purchase of our access to content using WAP-click, Internet- click, or a SMS-to-short number
registered to us. Digital Provider’s subscription revenues are recorded
at the amounts charged to the third-party customer. Cost of revenues for Digital Provider branded content includes fees due to
mobile operators and marketing partners, as well as short number fees. Cost of revenues for TOT Payments, Aptito and PayOnline is comprised
primarily of processing fees paid to third parties attributable to providing transaction processing and service fees for POS system
usage by our merchant customers. Interchange fees and cost of services are recognized as incurred, which generally occurs in the
same period in which the corresponding revenue is recognized. Interchange fees are set by the card networks and are paid to the
card-issuing bank. Interchange fees are calculated as a percentage of the dollar volume processed plus a per transaction fee. We
also pay Visa® and MasterCard® network dues. Generally, the Company (i) is the primary obligor
in its arrangements with its merchant customers, (ii) has latitude in establishing the price of its services, (iii) has
the ability to change the product and perform parts of the services, (iv) has discretion in supplier selection, (v) has
latitude in determining the product and service specifications to meet the needs of its merchant customers, and (vi) assumes
credit risk. In such cases, the Company reports revenues as gross of fees deducted by its sponsoring member banks, as well as fees
deducted from card-issuing member banks and card brands (Visa/MasterCard) on behalf of its sponsoring member banks for interchange
and assessments. These fees charged by the card brands to process the credit card transactions are recorded separately as cost
of sales and interchange fees in the accompanying consolidated statement of operations. Net Loss per Share Basic net loss per common share is computed by dividing net
loss applicable to common stockholders by the weighted-average number of common shares outstanding during the period. Diluted net
loss per common share is determined using the weighted-average number of common shares outstanding during the period, adjusted
for the dilutive effect of common stock equivalents, consisting of shares issuable upon exercise of common stock options or warrants.
In periods when losses are reported, the weighted-average number of common shares outstanding excludes common stock equivalents
because their inclusion would have an anti-dilutive effect. At December 31, 2017 and 2016, we had warrants outstanding to purchase
728,583 and 89,389 shares of common stock, and we had 234,219 and 193,610 stock options issued and outstanding. Income Taxes We account for income taxes under the asset and liability method,
which requires the recognition of deferred tax assets and liabilities for the expected future tax consequences of events that have
been included in the financial statements. Under this method, deferred tax assets and liabilities are determined on the basis of
the differences between the financial statements and tax basis of assets and liabilities using enacted tax rates in effect for
the year in which the differences are expected to reverse. The effect of a change in tax rates on deferred tax assets and liabilities
is recognized in income in the period that includes the enactment date. We recognize net deferred tax assets to the extent that we believe
these assets are more likely than not to be realized. In making such a determination, we consider all available positive and negative
evidence, including future reversals of existing taxable temporary differences, projected future taxable income, tax-planning strategies,
and results of recent operations. If we determine that we would be able to realize our deferred tax assets in the future in excess
of their net recorded amount, we would make an adjustment to the deferred tax asset valuation allowance, which would reduce the
provision for income taxes. F- 11 We account for uncertainty in income taxes using a two-step
approach to recognizing and measuring uncertain tax positions. The first step is to evaluate the tax position for recognition by
determining if the weight of available evidence indicates that it is more likely than not that the position will be sustained on
audit, including resolution of related appeals or litigation processes, if any. The second step is to measure the tax benefit as
the largest amount that is more than 50% likely of being realized upon settlement. We classify the liability for unrecognized tax
benefits as current to the extent we anticipate payment (or receipt) of cash within one year. Interest and penalties related to
uncertain tax positions are recognized and recorded as necessary in the provision for income taxes. Our evaluation of uncertain
tax positions was performed for the tax years ended December 31, 2012 and forward, the tax years which remain subject to examination
at December 31, 2017. Recently Issued and Adopted Accounting Guidance In May 2014, the Financial Accounting Standards Board
(“FASB”) issued Accounting Standard Update (“ASU”) 2014-09, “Revenue from Contracts with Customers,”
which supersedes the revenue recognition requirements in Topic 605, “Revenue Recognition” and requires entities to
recognize revenue in a way that depicts the transfer of promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the
consideration to which the entity expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. In August 2015, the FASB issued
ASU 2015-14, which defers by one year the effective date of ASU 2014-09. Accordingly, this guidance is effective for interim and
annual periods beginning after December 15, 2017. We adopted this guidance on January 1, 2018 and do not expect this
guidance to have a material effect on our financial position, results of operations and cash flows. In February 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-02, “Leases”
which, for operating leases, requires a lessee to recognize a right-of-use asset and a lease liability, initially measured at the
present value of the lease payments, in its balance sheet. The standard also requires a lessee to recognize a single lease cost,
calculated so that the cost of the lease is allocated over the lease term, on a generally straight-line basis. The ASU is effective
for public companies for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2018, including interim periods within those fiscal years. Early
adoption is permitted. We expect that the adoption of ASU 2016-02 will result in the recognition of management’s recognition
of right of use assets and related obligations on our consolidated Balance sheets. In March 2016, the FASB issued Accounting Standards
Update 2016-08 Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606) to clarify implementation guidance on principal versus agent considerations
(for reporting revenue on a gross or net basis). The ASU is an amendment to Topic 606, clarifies the implementation guidance, and
requires an entity to account for revenue as an agent when another entity controls the specified good or service before that good
or service is transferred to the customer. This ASU is effective for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2017. The Company
adopted this guidance on January 1, 2018 and did not see a change in reporting revenues resulting from the adoption of this guidance
on the Company’s financial position, results of operations and cash flows. NOTE 2. BASIS OF PRESENTATION AND PRINCIPLES OF CONSOLIDATION On May 25, 2016, and subsequently again on October 5, 2017,
we completed a one-for-ten reverse stock split of our common stock. Our consolidated financial statements give retrospective effect
for these changes in capital structure for all periods presented. Following the consolidation principles promulgated by U.S. GAAP,
the consolidated financial statements of the Company include the assets, liabilities, results of operations, and cash flows of
the following subsidiaries: (1) TOT Group, Inc., a 100% owned
subsidiary formed in Delaware; (2) Netlab Systems, LLC, a wholly owned subsidiary formed in Florida; (3) NetLab Systems IP, LLC,
a wholly owned subsidiary formed in Florida; (4) OOO Net Element Russia (“Net Element Russia”), a wholly owned subsidiary
formed in Russia; and (5) Net Element Services, LLC, a wholly owned subsidiary formed in Florida. The subsidiaries listed above are the parent
companies of several other subsidiaries, which hold the Company’s underlying investments or operating entities. TOT Group is the parent company of TOT
Payments, LLC (“TOT Payments”) doing business as Unified Payments a wholly owned subsidiary formed in Florida, Aptito,
LLC, a 80% owned subsidiary formed in Florida (acquired June 18, 2013), TOT Group Europe LTD, a wholly owned subsidiary formed
in the United Kingdom, Unified Portfolios, LLC, a wholly owned subsidiary formed in Florida and OOO TOT Group Russia, a wholly
owned subsidiary formed in Russia. • | TOT Payments, LLC is the parent company of:
- | Process Pink, LLC, a wholly owned subsidiary formed in Florida;
- | TOT HPS, LLC, a wholly owned subsidiary formed in Florida;
- | TOT FBS, LLC, a wholly owned subsidiary formed in Florida; - | TOT New Edge, LLC, a wholly owned subsidiary formed in Florida;
- | TOT BPS, LLC, a wholly owned subsidiary formed in Florida • | OOO TOT Group Russia is the parent company of its wholly owned subsidiary OOO Digital Provider (f/k/a OOO TOT Money)(a company formed in Russia), Payonline Systems, LLC (a wholly-owned company formed in Russia), Innovative Payment Technologies, LLC (a wholly-owned company formed in Russia) and TOT Group Kazakhstan, a wholly owned subsidiary formed in Kazakhstan. F- 12 • | Netlab Systems, LLC is the parent company of Tech Solutions LTD (Cayman Islands).
• | Net Element Russia is the parent company of 99% owned OOO TOT Group.
• | TOT Group Europe LTD is 100% owner of Polimore Capital Limited (Cyprus) and Brosword Holding Limited (Cyprus) All material intercompany accounts and transactions have been
eliminated in consolidation. NOTE 3. LIQUIDITY AND GOING CONCERN CONSIDERATIONS The Company’s consolidated financial statements have been
prepared on a going concern basis. Although, the Company had a net loss of $10.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2017,
and an accumulated deficit of $167.4 million at December 31, 2017, the company had a cash balance of $11.3 million and projects
future cash needs of $4.8 million for the next 12 months to fund operations, indebtedness and capital expenditures. The Company is continuing with its plan to further grow and
expand its payment processing operations and develop blockchain solutions for merchant services. Management believes that its current
cash position and operating strategy will provide the opportunity for the Company to continue as a going concern; however, there
is no assurance this will occur. The independent auditors’ report on
the Company’s consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2016 contained explanatory paragraphs expressing
substantial doubt as to the Company’s ability to continue as a going concern. NOTE 4. ACCOUNTS RECEIVABLE Accounts receivable (net) consist of amounts due from merchant
service providers and to a lesser extent Russian mobile operator intermediaries. Total net accounts receivable amounted to $5,472,856
and $7,126,429 at December 31, 2017 and 2016, respectively. Net accounts receivable consisted primarily of $57,754 and $2,577,296,
attributed to Russian operations and $5,415,102 and $4,549,133 of credit card processing receivables at December 31, 2017 and 2016
respectively. Total allowance for doubtful accounts was
$256,967 and $603,031 at December 31, 2017 and 2016, respectively. NOTE 5. FIXED ASSETS Fixed assets are stated at acquired cost less accumulated depreciation
and amortization as follows: Useful life
(in years) | December 31, 2017 | December 31, 2016
Furniture and equipment | 3 - 10 | $ | 171,082 | $ | 185,301
Computers | 2 - 5 | 156,958 | 168,942
Total | 328,040 | 354,243
Less: Accumulated depreciation | (269,772 | ) | (236,948 | )
Total fixed assets, net | $ | 58,268 | $ | 117,295 Depreciation expense for the years ended December 31, 2017 and
2016 was $32,824 and $83,245, respectively. NOTE 6. INTANGIBLE ASSETS The Company had 3,127,760 and $3,589,850 in intangible assets
at December 31, 2017 and 2016, respectively. Shown below are the details. IP Software | Portfolios and Client Lists | Client Acquisition Costs | PCI Certification | Trademarks | Domain Names | Covenant Not to Compete | Total
Balance at December 31, 2015 | $ | 1,548,601 | $ | 1,489,175 | $ | 1,048,060 | $ | 355,458 | $ | 561,772 | $ | 339,147 | $ | 81,667 | $ | 5,423,880
Additions | 102,689 | - | 1,319,820 | - | - | 83 | - | 1,422,592
Amortization | (1,271,226 | ) | $ | (704,184 | ) | (670,543 | ) | (149,668 | ) | (234,064 | ) | (145,270 | ) | (81,667 | ) | (3,256,622 | )
Balance at December 31, 2016 | $ | 380,064 | $ | 784,991 | $ | 1,697,337 | $ | 205,790 | $ | 327,708 | $ | 193,960 | $ | - | $ | 3,589,850
Additions | 48,489 | 1,801,685 | 1,850,174
Amortization | (209,251 | ) | (510,937 | ) | (1,063,687 | ) | (149,667 | ) | $ | (235,515 | ) | (143,207 | ) | (2,312,264 | )
Balance at December , 2017 | $ | 219,302 | $ | 274,054 | $ | 2,435,335 | $ | 56,123 | $ | 92,193 | $ | 50,753 | $ | - | $ | 3,127,760 F- 13 Amortization expense for the year ended December 31, 2017 was
$2,501,161 of which $2,312,264 is described in the table above and $188,897 was for the amortization of terminal inventory placed
with merchants. The inventory and its associated amortization are included in prepaid and other expenses and are not included in
the table above. Amortization expense for the year ended December 31, 2016 was
$3,383,265 of which $3,256,622 is described in the table above and $126,643 was for the amortization of terminal inventory placed
with merchants. The inventory and its associated amortization are included in prepaid and other expenses and are not included in
the table above. The following table presents the estimated aggregate future
amortization expense of other intangible assets: Year | Amortization Expense
2018 | 1,042,587
2019 | 1,042,587
2020 | 1,042,586
Total | $ | 3,127,760 Software We capitalized software development costs that add value to
or extend the useful of the related software it develops for internal use and licensing. Costs for routine software updates are
expensed as incurred. Capitalized costs are amortized over 36 months on a straight-line basis. Impairment is reviewed quarterly
to ensure only viable active costs are capitalized. During the twelve months ended December
31, 2017 and 2016 we capitalized $48,489 and $102,689 of development costs as follows: · | point of sale software ($48,489 and $1,469) · | payment processing software ($0 and $89,101) · | mobile payments billing software ($0 and $12,119) For the twelve months ended December 31,
2017, amortization was $209,251. For twelve months ended December 31, 2016, amortization was $1,271,226. Merchant Portfolios and client lists Merchant Portfolios consisted portfolios
purchased on business acquisitions that earn future streams of income for the foreseeable future. The remaining useful lives of
these portfolios range from 15 months to 36 months at the time of acquisition. At December 31, 2017 and 2016 the net value of these
portfolios was $274,054 and $784,991 respectively. The useful lives of merchant portfolios represent management’s
best estimate over which the Company will recognize the economic benefits of these intangible assets. Trademarks and Domain Names At December 31, 2017 and December 31, 2016, the net book value
of these trademarks was $92,193 and $327,708, respectively, and the net book value of the domain names was $50,753 and $193,960,
respectively. For the twelve- months ended December 31, 2017 and 2016, amortization
for trademarks was $235,515 and $234,064, respectively. For the twelve months ended December 31, 2017 and 2016, amortization
for domain names was $143,207 and $145,270, respectively. PCI Certification At December 31, 2017 and 2016, the net book value of the PCI
certification was $56,123 and $205,790, respectively. For the twelve-months ended December 31, 2017 and 2016, amortization
for the PCI certification was $149,667 and $149,668, respectively.. F- 14 NOTE 7. ACCRUED EXPENSES At December 31, 2017 and December 31, 2016,
accrued expenses amounted to $3,674,430 and $5,518,823 respectively. Accrued expenses represent expenses that are owed at the end
of the period and have not been billed by the provider or are estimates of services provided. The following table details the items
comprising the balances outstanding as of December 31, 2017 and December 31, 2016. December 31, 2017 | December 31, 2016
Accrued professional fees | $ | 241,281 | $ | 220,140
PayOnline accrual | 1,438,900 | 3,784,451
Accrued interest | 145,264 | 183,778
Accrued bonus | 1,249,852 | 774,485
Accrued franchise taxes | - | 180,000
Accrued foreign taxes | 137,141 | 131,810
Short term loan advances | - | 174,376
Other accrued expenses | 461,992 | 69,783
$ | 3,674,430 | $ | 5,518,823 The accrual for PayOnline at December 31, 2017 and 2016
consists primarily of $1.1 million and $1.4 million obligation for refundable merchant reserves, respectively, assumed
pursuant to an amendment to the PayOnline acquisition agreement. See Note 11 for additional information. In addition,
December 31, 2016 also included a $2.0 million stock price guarantee obligation pursuant to a settlement agreement entered
into in connection with the PayOnline accrued expenses at acquisition. Accrued interest at December 31, 2017 and 2016 is comprised
primarily of loan costs associated with RBL notes in the amount of $145,264 and 134,180, respectively as a result of the issuance
of additional RBL notes. We owed $137,140 and $131,810 in foreign taxes, which primarily
consist of VAT and payroll taxes related to our International Transaction Solutions segment at December 31, 2017 and 2018. Other accrued expenses of $461,992 were the result of various
travel, professional and other expenses paid for by our CEO on his personal credit cards. NOTE 8. SHORT TERM LOANS Term Loan Short term loans primarily consist of the current portion of
long term debt in amount of $2,493,973 and $808,976 for the years end December 31, 2017 and 2016. NOTE 9. DEBT Debt consisted of the following: December 31, 2017 | December 31, 2016
RBL Capital Group, LLC | $ | 4,544,087 | $ | 4,044,056
Priority Payments Systems LLC | 2,238,511 | -
MBF Merchant Capital, LLC | 341,804 | 520,303
Subtotal | 7,124,402 | 4,564,359
Less Deferred loan costs | (106,980 | ) | (139,601 | )
Subtotal | 7,017,422 | 4,424,758
Less Current portion | (2,493,973 | ) | (808,976 | )
Long term debt | $ | 4,523,449 | $ | 3,615,782 RBL Capital Group, LLC Effective June 30, 2014, TOT Group, Inc. and its subsidiaries
as co-borrowers, TOT Payments, LLC, TOT BPS, LLC, TOT FBS, LLC, Process Pink, LLC, TOT HPS, LLC and TOT New Edge, LLC (collectively,
the “co-borrowers”), entered into a Loan and Security Agreement (“Credit Facility”) with RBL Capital Group,
LLC (“RBL”), as lender (the “RBL Loan Agreement”). The original terms provided us with an 18-month, $10
million credit facility with interest at the higher of 13.90% per annum or the prime rate plus 10.65%. Interest on drawn amounts
outstanding after November 30, 2015 carry interest at an additional three percent per annum until repaid in full, with other amounts,
obligations or payments due carrying an annual default rate not to exceed the lesser of (i) the prime rate plus 13% per annum and
(ii) 18.635% per annum. On May 2, 2016, we renewed our Credit Facility with RBL, increasing the facility from $10 million to $15
million and extending the term through February 2019. At December 31, 2017 and 2016, we had $10,455,912 and $10,455,087 available
under the Credit Facility, respectively. F- 15 The co-borrowers’ obligations to RBL pursuant to the RBL
Loan Agreement are secured by a first priority security interest in all of the co-borrowers’ tangible and intangible assets,
including but not limited to their merchants, merchant contracts and proceeds thereof, and all right title and interest in co-borrowers’
processing contracts, contract rights, and portfolio cash flows with all processors of the co-borrowers. As further described below, the following borrowings from the
Credit Facility were converted into RBL term notes: During July 2014, we entered into a $3,315,000 RBL term note.
Net proceeds from the term note were used to repay a $3.0 million note previously due to MBF Merchant Capital, LLC (“MBF”)
in addition to approximately $239,000 for working capital. The term note required interest-only payments at 13.90% interest through
January 2015 commencing in August 2014 followed by monthly interest and principal payments of $90,421 through January 2019. The
term note required payment of a 2% front-end fee due at issuance and a 4% back-end fee due at final payment. During 2016, Crede
CG III, Ltd. (“Crede”) purchased $1,849,481 of the principal balance of this note held by RBL in various tranches.
We repurchased and extinguished the purchased notes in exchange for 135,237 shares of our common stock. (See “Note 13 —Crede
CG III, Ltd.”). During December 2016, the remaining balance of the term note was refinanced into another RBL term note. During February 2015, we entered into a $400,000 RBL term note.
The term note provided for interest-only payments at 13.9% through July 2015, with monthly interest and principal payments of $10,911
from August 2015 through July 2019. We paid $8,000 in costs related to this term note. The term note was purchased by Crede in
various tranches during June 2016, which we repurchased and extinguished in exchange for 21,928 shares of our common stock. During March 2015, we entered into a $250,000 RBL term note.
The term note provided for interest-only payments at 13.9% through July 2015, with monthly interest and principal payments of $6,819
from August 2015 through July 2019. We paid $5,000 in costs related to this term note. This term note was purchased by Crede in
May 2016, which we repurchased and extinguished in exchange for 9,174 shares of our common stock. During May 2016, we entered into a $250,000 RBL term note. The
term note provided for interest-only payments at 14.15% interest through October 2016, with monthly interest and principal payments
of $6,850 from November 2016 through October 2020. The term note required payment of a 2% front-end fee at issuance and a 4% back-end
fee due at the final payment. The outstanding balance of the term note was refinanced into another RBL term note during December
2016. During May 2016, we entered into a $400,000 RBL term note. The
term note provided for interest-only payments at 14.15% interest through November 2015, with monthly interest and principal payments
of $10,961 from December 2016 through November 2020. The term note required payment of a 2% front-end fee at issuance and a 4%
back-end fee due at the final payment. The outstanding balance of the term note was refinanced into another RBL term note during
December 2016. During June 2016, we entered into a $190,000 RBL term note.
The term note provided for interest-only payments at 14.15% through December 20, 2016, with monthly interest and principal payments
of $5,206 from January 2017 through December 2020. The term note requirement payment of a 2% front-end fee at issuance and a 4%
back-end fee due at the final payment. The outstanding balance of the term note was refinanced into another RBL term note during
December 2016. During July 2016, we entered into a $350,000 RBL term note.
The term note provided for interest-only payments at 14.15% through January 2017, with monthly interest and principal payments
of $9,591 from February 2017 through January 2021. The term note requirement payment of a 2% front-end fee at issuance and a 4%
back-end fee due at the final payment. The outstanding balance of the term note was refinanced into another RBL term note during
December 2016. During August 2016, we entered into a $400,000 RBL term note.
The term note provided for interest-only payments at 14.15% through February 2017, with monthly interest and principal payments
of $10,961 from March 2017 through February 2021. The term note required payment of a 2% front-end fee at issuance and a 4% back-end
fee due at the final payment. The outstanding balance of the term note was refinanced into another RBL term note during December
2016. During September 2016, we entered into a $350,000 RBL term note.
The term note provided for interest-only payments at 14.15% through March 2017, with monthly interest and principal payments of
$9,591 from April 2017 through March 2021. The term note required payment of a 2% front-end fee at issuance and a 4% back-end fee
due at the final payment. The outstanding balance of the term note was refinanced into another RBL term note during December 2016. During November 2016, we entered into a $350,000 RBL term note.
The term note provided for interest-only payments at 14.15% through May 2017, with monthly interest and principal payments of $9,591
from June 2017 through May 2021. The term note required payment of a 2% front-end fee at issuance and a 4% back-end fee due at
the final payment. The outstanding balance of the term note was refinanced into another RBL term note during December 2016. During December 2016, we entered into a $325,000 RBL term note.
The term note provided for interest-only payments at 14.15% through June 2017, with monthly interest and principal payments of
$8,906 from July 2017 through June 2021. The term note required payment of a 2% front-end fee at issuance and a 4% back-end fee
due at the final payment. The outstanding balance of the term note was refinanced into another RBL term note during December 2016. During December 2016, we entered into a $4,044,055 RBL term
note (the “Refinance note”). This note effectively refinanced all then-outstanding RBL notes described above. The term
note provides for interest-only payments at 14.15% ($47,686) through May 2017, with monthly interest and principal payments of
$110,814 from June 2017 through May 2021. The term note required payment of a $20,000 front-end refinancing fee at issuance and
a $104,600 back-end fee due at the final payment. The outstanding balance of the term note was refinanced into another RBL term
note during June 2017. F- 16 During March 2017, we entered into a $100,000 RBL term note.
The term note provided for interest-only payments at 14.4% May 2017, with monthly interest and principal payments of $2,753 from
June 2017 through May 2021. The term note required payment of a 2% front-end fee at issuance and a 4% back-end fee due at final
payment. The outstanding balance of the term note was refinanced into another RBL term note during June 2017. During April 2017, we entered into a $400,000 RBL term note.
The term note provided for interest-only payments at 14.4% through May 2017, with monthly interest and principal payments of $11,011
from June 2017 through May 2021. The term note required payment of a 2% front-end fee at issuance and a 4% back-end fee due at
final payment. The outstanding balance of the term note was refinanced into another RBL term note during June 2017. During April 2017, Crede purchased a $75,000 tranche of our
RBL term note, which we repurchased and extinguished in exchange for 10,235 shares of our common stock. As a result, the terms
of the $4,044,055 Refinance note was revised to reduce the monthly interest and principal payments to $108,759. During May 2017, we entered into a $75,000 RBL term note. The
term note provided for one interest-only payment at 14.4%, with monthly interest and principal payments of $2,065 from June 2017
through May 2021. The term note required payment of a 2% front-end fee at issuance and a 4% back-end fee due at final payment.
The outstanding balance of the term note was refinanced into another RBL term note during June 2017. During May 2017, Crede purchased a $150,000 tranche of our RBL
term note, which we repurchased and extinguished in exchange for 23,058 shares of our common stock. During May 2017, we entered into a $150,000 RBL term note. The
term note provided for one interest-only payment at 14.4%, with monthly interest and principal payments of $4,129 from July 2017
through June 2021. The term note required payment of a 2% front-end fee at issuance and a 4% back-end fee due at final payment.
The outstanding balance of the term note was refinanced into another RBL term note during June 2017. During June 2017, the $4,044,055 Refinance note was modified
to include the $150,000, $75,000, $400,000 and 100,000 term notes described above. The modified note provided for interest only
payments at 14.19% from June 2017 through September 2017, with monthly payments of interest and principal of $124,607 from October
2017 through September 2021. During July 2017, the Refinance note was further modified to
reflect the $150,000 tranche extinguishment in May 2017, described above. The terms of the Refinance note was revised to reduce
the monthly interest and principal payments to $121,810. During October 2017 we received a six-month extension to the interest-only
payment term for a fee of $12,000. At December 31, 2017 the principal balance of the Refinance note was $4,438,087. During August 2017, we entered into a $106,000 RBL term note.
The term note provided for interest-only payments at 14.9% through September 2017, with monthly interest and principal payments
of $2,945 from October 2017 through September 2021. The term note required payment of a 2% front-end fee at issuance and a 4% back-end
fee due at final payment. During October 2017 we received a six-month extension of the interest-only payment term. At December
31, 2017, the principal balance of the term note is $106,000. MBF Merchant Capital, LLC We issued the following notes payable to MBF, an entity owned
by William Healy, a former member of our Board of Directors. During March 2016, we entered into a $75,000 promissory note
with MBF. The promissory note provided for interest-only payments at 14% through May 2016, with monthly interest and principal
payments of $7,990 from June 2016 through March 2017. The promissory note required payment of a 6% back-end fee which was paid
at maturity in March 2017. The balance of the promissory note was $23,420 at December 31, 2016. During April 2016, we entered into a $300,000 promissory note
with MBF. The promissory note provides for interest-only payments at 15.5% through May 2016, with monthly interest and principal
payments of $14,617 from June 2016 through May 2018. The promissory note requires payment of a 6% back-end fee due at the final
payment. At December 31, 2017 and 2016, the balance of the note was $74,177 and $221,826, respectively. During July 2016, our subsidiary, TOT Group, Inc., entered into
a $353,500 promissory note with MBF. The promissory note provides for interest-only payments at 15.5% through June 28, 2016, with
monthly interest and principal payments of $17,224 from July 2016 through June 28, 2018. The promissory note required payment of
a 1% front-end fee at issuance and a 6.6% back-end fee due at final payment. At December 31, 2017 and 2016, the outstanding balance
of the promissory note was $98,829 and $275,056, respectively. On August 29, 2017, our subsidiary, TOT Group, Inc., entered
into a $275,000 promissory note with MBF. The principal amount of the loan carries an interest rate 13.95% per annum, with ten
monthly interest and principal payments of $29,289. The promissory note required payment of a 2% front-end fee at issuance and
a 4% back-end fee due at final payment. At December 31, 2017, the outstanding balance of the promissory note was $168,798. . Priority Payment Systems LLC Effective as of May 18, 2017, we entered into a loan agreement
and security agreement with Priority Payment Systems LLC (“PPS”) and issued a promissory note dated May 18, 2017.
Pursuant to the loan agreement and the note, we borrowed $2,000,000. Prior to maturity of the loan, the principal amount of the
loan will carry a floating interest rate of prime rate plus 6% per annum at 10.25% at December 31, 2017. We may prepay the loan
in whole or in part at any time. The loan is repayable in monthly installments consisting of principal plus interest. The loan
matures and becomes due and payable in full on May 20, 2019 to the extent not previously prepaid. F- 17 Pursuant to the security agreement, the loan is secured by collateral
consisting of accounts, cash or cash equivalents, residuals related to the merchants originated by us and processed by PPS. The
loan agreement, the note and the security agreement contain customary representations, warranties, events of default, remedies
and affirmative and negative covenants, as well as the right of first refusal and the right related to the merchants. Effective as of May 17, 2017, we entered into a corporate guaranty
in favor of PPS, pursuant to which we unconditionally guaranteed the full and prompt payment of each present and future liability,
debt and obligation under the loan agreement, the note, the security agreement and other related documents. On June 27, 2017, we entered into an amendment to the loan agreement
with PPS pursuant to which: (i) | The original term loan was modified into a multi - draw loan with an increase of the borrowing limit to $2,500,000 and;
(ii) | The loan maturity was extended to May 20, 2021. During the year ended December 31, 2017, we borrowed a total
of $2,889,000 and repaid $650,489 in principal from our $2,500,000 Priority Payments multi – draw loan. At December 31, 2017,
the balance of this loan is $2,238,511. Scheduled Debt Principal Repayment Scheduled principal maturities on indebtedness at December 31,
2017 is as follows: 2018 | 2,493,973
2019 | 1,764,245
2020 | 1,162,308
2021 | 1,338,621
2022 | 365,255
Balance December 31, 2017 | $ | 7,124,402 NOTE 10. CONCENTRATIONS The Company’s total revenue was $60,064,824
and $54,286,859 for the years ended December 31, 2017 and 2016, respectively. Of the $60,064,824 in 2017 revenues, $58,723,928
(which also includes PayOnline Systems) was derived from processing of Visa®, MasterCard®, Discover® and American Express®
card transactions and $1,340,896 was derived from providing branded content during 2017. Of the $54,286,859 in 2016 revenues, $48,784,855
(which also includes PayOnline Systems) was derived from processing of Visa®, MasterCard®, Discover® and American Express®
card transactions and $5,502,004 was derived from providing branded content during 2016. The credit card processing revenues were
from merchant customer transactions, which were processed primarily by one third-party processor and our own dedicated bin (greater
than 5%) during 2017 and two third-party processors (greater than 5%) during 2016. For the twelve months ended December 31,
2017, the Company processed 77% of its total revenue with Priority Data and (5.2%) from our own dedicated bin. For the twelve months ended December 31,
2016, the Company processed 69% of its total revenue with Priority Data and 6% of its total revenue with National Processing Company
(NPC). Mobile electronic payment revenues generated
from merchant customer transactions were not responsible for more than 5% of our sales during the year ended December 31, 2017.
For the year ended December 31, 2016, the Company processed 4% of its total revenue with Mobile Internet Solutions and 3% of its
total revenue with HelpLine. NOTE 11. COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES During December 2017, we entered into a letter of intent with
Bunker Capital for the development of block chain based solutions. See note 17. PayOnline Acquisition Commitments On October 25, 2016, we entered into an amendment to the PayOnline
acquisition agreement with the Sellers, in which we agreed to assume $1,433,475 of certain refundable merchant deposit reserves
and we recorded a charge accordingly. During the year the ended December 31, 2017, we paid back $252,223 of this liability. F- 18 Leases North American Transaction Solutions On May 10, 2013, we entered into a lease agreement, which is
dated as of May 1, 2013, for approximately 4,101 square feet of office space located at 3363 N.E. 163rd Street, Suites
705 through 707, North Miami Beach, Florida 33160. The term of the lease agreement was from May 1, 2013 through December
31, 2016, with monthly rent increasing from $16,800 per month at inception to $19,448 per month (or $233,377 per year)
for the period from January 1, 2016 through December 31, 2016. On August 1, 2017, this lease was extended for a period of five
years commencing August 1, 2017 and expiring July 31, 2022 with equal monthly base rent installments of $14,354 ($172,248 per year)
plus sales tax. When the additional office space located in suite 805 become available, for approximately 1,375 square feet, the
total monthly rent will increase to $20,535 (or $246,420 per year) until the end of the lease term. NetLabs Systems, LLC, through
its Russian representative office, currently leases 1,654 square feet of office space in Yekaterinburg, Russia, where we develop
Value Added Services, Mobile Applications, Smart Terminals Applications, Sales Central ERP system development and Marketing activities,
at annual rent of approximately $24,300. The current lease term expires on June
1, 2018. International Transaction Solutions PayOnline Systems leases approximately 4,675 square feet of
a new office space in Moscow, Russia at an annual rent of $84,457. The current lease term for the office space expires on September
30, 2018. PayOnline previously leased approximately 156 square feet of
office space in Almaty, Kazakhstan at an annual rent of $1,527. The lease term expired on January 31, 2018 and was not renewed. We believe that our current facilities
are suitable and adequate for our present purposes, and we anticipate that we will be able to extend our existing leases on terms
satisfactory to us or acquire new facilities on acceptable terms. Future maturities of lease agreements are
as follow: Year | $ Amount
2018 | $ | 184,398
2019 | $ | 172,248
2020 | $ | 172,248
2021 | $ | 172,248
2022 | $ | 100,478 Litigation Aptito.com, Inc. On August 6, 2014, our subsidiary (Aptito,
LLC) filed a lawsuit against Aptito.com, Inc. and the shareholders of Aptito.com, Inc., in state court in the 11th Judicial
Circuit in and for Miami-Dade County. This is an interpleader action in regards to 12,500 shares of stock. Aptito, LLC acquired Aptito.com,
Inc. in exchange for, among other things, 12,500 shares of Net Element, Inc. stock. There has been disagreement among the Aptito.com,
Inc. shareholders as to proper distribution of the 12,500 shares. To avoid any liability in regards to improper distribution,
Aptito, LLC filed the interpleader action so as to allow the defendants to litigate amongst themselves as to how the shares
should be distributed. Aptito.com, Inc. opposed the motion to interplead and has filed counterclaims relative to Aptito, LLC
non-delivery of the 12,500 shares. On February 10, 2017, the Court held a hearing on Aptito.com, Inc.’s motion
to dismiss the complaint and Aptito, LLC and Net Element’s motion to dismiss Aptito.com, Inc.’s counterclaims.
 The Court denied Aptito.com, Inc.’s motion to dismiss and granted Aptito, LLC and Net Element’s
motion to dismiss the counterclaims without prejudice. On March 20, 2017, Aptito.com filed
amended counterclaims against Aptito, LLC as well as claims against us alleging amongst other matters, breach of contract and violations
of federal and state securities laws. Management believes that these counterclaims are without merit, and we and Aptito, LLC and
the Company have filed a motion to dismiss the claims and a motion for sanctions. Counsel is waiting for a hearing date for determination
on these matters. A hearing on the motion to interplead
was heard in July 2017 and the Court granted Aptito, LLC’s motion to interplead. Aptito.com, Inc. shareholders
will now have to settle their internal dispute regarding this matter. Aptito, LLC still has potential
liability of approximately $200,000 arising from an alleged delay in issuing the shares to Aptito.com, Inc. The
company is disputing these allegations through the ongoing litigation process. F- 19 Gene Zell In June 2014, we, as plaintiff, commenced
an action in the Miami-Dade Circuit Court, Florida against Gene Zell for defamation of our Company and CEO and tortious interference
with our business relationships. In October 2014, the court granted a temporary injunction against Zell enjoining him from
posting any information about our Company and CEO on any website and enjoining him from contacting our business partners or investors.
Zell violated the Court Order and the Court granted a Motion imposing sanctions against Zell. We continue to seek enforcement
of the Court Order. On April 13, 2015, Zell filed a Motion to set aside the Court Order alleging he was unaware of the Court
Proceedings. The Court, on August 26, 2015, dismissed Zell’s Motion to dissolve the injunction. In March 2017, the Court
dismissed another Motion brought by Zell to dissolve the injunction. Accordingly, the injunction order prohibiting Zell from making
further defamatory posts remains in place. The Company continues to protect its rights by ongoing enforcement of the injunction. Other Legal Proceedings We also are involved in certain legal proceedings
and claims which arise in the ordinary course of business. In our opinion, based on consultations with outside counsel, the results
of any of these ordinary course matters, individually and in the aggregate, are not expected to have a material effect on our results
of operations, financial condition, or cash flows. As more information becomes available, if management should determine that an
unfavorable outcome is probable on such a claim and that the amount of such probable loss that it will incur on that claim is reasonably
estimable, we will record a reserve for the claim in question. If and when we record such a reserve is recorded, it could be material
and could adversely impact our results of operations, financial condition, and cash flows. NOTE 12. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS We and our subsidiary, TOT Group, Inc.,
have entered into certain term loan notes with MBF. For additional information about such term loan notes, see “MBF Merchant
Capital, LLC” in Note 9. William Healy, a former member of our Board of Directors, is the sole member of MBF. During the twelve months ended December
31, 2017 and 2016, agent commissions resulting from merchant processing of $98,194 and $107,235, respectively, were paid to Prime
Portfolios, LLC, an entity owned by Oleg Firer, our CEO, and Steven Wolberg, our Chief Legal Officer. In addition, a
key member of management owned a company that received commissions of $40,247. On March 1, 2017, we
entered into a promissory note with Star Equities, LLC, an entity which our CEO is the managing member, in the principal amount
of $348,083 (the “Star Equities Note”). The Star Equities Note provides for 18 monthly interest payments of $3,481
through September 30, 2018 followed by one interest and principle payment on October 1, 2018. The principal balance of the Star
Equities Note outstanding bears interest at the rate of 12% per annum. On October 20, 2017, the Company entered into and consummated
a letter agreement with Star Equities, LLC (the “Exchange Agreement”). Pursuant to the Exchange Agreement, the entire
outstanding amount (including the principal amount of $348,083 and accrued and unpaid interest) of $374,253 under the Star Equities
Note was exchanged into 67,312 restricted shares of Common Stock of the Company based on such shares’ consolidated closing
bid price on The NASDAQ Stock Market on the date of the Exchange Agreement.
Also see Note 13. NOTE 13. STOCKHOLDERS’ EQUITY On May 25, 2016 and October 5, 2017, we
effected one-for-ten reverse stock splits of our common stock. Our condensed consolidated financial statements and disclosures
reflect these changes in capital structure for all periods presented. On June 12, 2015 and June 13, 2016, our
shareholders approved 100,000,000 increases in our authorized common stock to 300,000,000 and 400,000,000, respectively. On
October 2, 2017, our shareholders approved a 300,000,000 decrease in our authorized common stock to 100,000,000. Agreement with Cobblestone On July 5, 2017, the Company entered into a common stock purchase
agreement (the “Cobblestone Purchase Agreement”) with Cobblestone Capital Partners LLC (“Cobblestone Capital”)
which provides that, upon the terms and subject to the conditions and limitations set forth therein, Cobblestone Capital was committed
to purchase up to an aggregate of $10 million of shares of our common stock over the 30-month term of the Cobblestone Purchase
Agreement. In consideration for entering into the Cobblestone Purchase Agreement, the Company was obligated to issue to Cobblestone
Capital such number of shares of common stock that would have a value equivalent to $200,000 calculated using the average of volume
weighted average price for the common stock during the 3 trading days period immediately preceding the date of issuance of such
shares. Accordingly, on August 3, 2017, the Company issued to Cobblestone Capital 45,676 shares of common stock based on a price
of $4.38 per share. F- 20 In connection with the Cobblestone Purchase Agreement, we issued
the following shares of our common stock to Cobblestone during 2017: NUMBER OF | PURCHASE | Share
DATE | SHARES | AMOUNT | Price
8/16/2017 | 19,742 | $ | 72,000 | $ | 3.65
9/13/2017 | 19,679 | $ | 54,000 | $ | 2.74
9/15/2017 | 39,723 | $ | 109,000 | $ | 2.74
9/18/2017 | 40,000 | $ | 160,000 | $ | 4.00
9/25/2017 | 60,000 | $ | 277,500 | $ | 4.63
9/28/2017 | 30,000 | $ | 210,000 | $ | 7.00
9/29/2017 | 25,000 | $ | 175,000 | $ | 7.00
10/3/2017 | 50,000 | $ | 350,000 | $ | 7.00
10/5/2017 | 50,000 | $ | 300,000 | $ | 6.00
10/16/2017 | 95,789 | $ | 455,000 | $ | 4.75
10/24/2017 | 414 | $ | 1,857 | $ | 4.49
11/27/2017 | 65,560 | $ | 250,000 | $ | 3.81
12/11/2017 | 77,453 | $ | 300,000 | $ | 3.87
12/11/2017 | 77,453 | $ | 300,000 | $ | 3.87
12/12/2017 | 129,089 | $ | 500,000 | $ | 3.87
12/20/2017 | 140,000 | $ | 700,000 | $ | 5.00
12/26/2017 | 150,000 | $ | 750,000 | $ | 5.00
12/27/2017 | 100,000 | $ | 500,000 | $ | 5.00
12/28/2017 | 146,767 | $ | 733,835 | $ | 5.00
TOTAL | 1,316,670 | $ | 6,198,192 | $ | 4.71 Equity Incentive Plan Activity On December 5, 2013, our shareholders approved
the Net Element International, Inc. 2013 Equity Incentive Plan (the “2013 Plan”). Awards under the 2013 Plan may be
granted in any one or all of the following forms: (i) incentive stock options meeting the requirements of Section 422 of the Internal
Revenue Code of 1986, as amended; (ii) non-qualified stock options (unless otherwise indicated, references to “Options”
include both Incentive Stock Options and Non-Qualified Stock Options); (iii) stock appreciation rights, which may be awarded either
in tandem with Options or on a stand-alone basis; (iv) shares of common stock that are restricted; (v) units representing shares
of common stock; (vi) units that do not represent shares of common stock but which may be paid in the form of common stock; and
(vii) shares of common stock that are not subject to any conditions to vesting. The maximum aggregate number of shares of common
stock available for award under the 2013 Plan at December 31, 2017 and December 31, 2016 were 240,996 and 128,026, respectively.
The 2013 Plan is administered by the compensation committee. 2013 Equity Incentive Plan - Unrestricted Shares and Stock
Options During the twelve months ended December 31, 2017 and 2016, we
issued common stock pursuant to the Net Element International, Inc. 2013 Equity Incentive Plan (as amended, the “2013 Plan”)
to the members of our Board of Directors and recorded compensation charges of $130,499 and $7,363, respectively. On June 13, 2016, we issued 47,500 shares of our common stock
to named executives as additional compensation. We recorded a compensation charge of $1,007,000 for the fair value of shares provided. In September, 2016, we issued 7,031 shares as incentive compensation
to employees and recorded a non-cash compensation charge of $532,701. On April 12, 2016, the compensation committee of the Board of
Directors rescinded previously granted incentive stock options to purchase approximately 1.6 million shares of our common stock,
as the amounts granted were inadvertently in excess of individual grant limitations set forth in the 2013 Plan documents. On June 13, 2016, we issued 18,241 incentive stock options pursuant
to the 2013 Plan to key management. The option strike price is $21.20 and the term of the option is 10 years. We recorded a non-cash
compensation charge of $386,705 in connection with this issuance. On February 28, 2017, the Compensation Committee of our Board
of Directors approved and authorized grants of the following equity awards to our employees and consultants of the Company pursuant
to our 2013 Equity Incentive Compensation Plan, as amended: (i) | 45,105 qualified options to acquire shares of our common stock (50% of such options vesting immediately and the balance 50% of such options vesting in 4 equal proportions quarterly after the grant date) and (ii) | 62,668 restricted shares of our common stock (50% of such shares vesting immediately and the balance 50% of such shares vesting in 4 equal proportions quarterly after the grant date). F- 21 On December 28, 2017, the Compensation Committee of our
Board of Directors approved and authorized grants for 134,161 fully vested, incentive equity awards to our employees, directors
and consultants pursuant to our 2013 Equity Incentive Compensation Plan, as amended. At December 31, 2017, we had 74,004 incentive stock options
outstanding with a weighted average exercise price of $15.50 and a weighted average remaining contract term of 8.77 years. At December
31, 2016, we had 33,396 incentive stock options outstanding with a weighted average exercise price of $26.00 and a weighted average
remaining contract term of 9.18 years. All of the stock options were anti-dilutive at December 31, 2017 and 2016. Crede CG III, Ltd. On May 2, 2016, we entered into a Master Exchange Agreement
with Crede (the “Master Exchange Agreement”), an entity that purchased a portion our previously issued notes held by
RBL described above. Pursuit to the Master Exchange Agreement, we have the right to request that Crede exchange up to $3,965,000
of the RBL promissory notes for shares of our common stock. On March 3, 2017, we entered into an Amendment to Master Exchange Agreement
with Crede, which extended the expiration date of the Master Exchange Agreement from December 31, 2016 to August 31, 2017. Accordingly,
this extends the time to which we have the right to request Crede to exchange RBL promissory notes for shares of the Company’s
common stock on the terms and conditions set forth in the Master Exchange Agreement. For the year ended December 31, 2017, we exchanged 60,944 shares
of our common stock with Crede for an aggregate of $330,969 of the original $3,315,000 RBL promissory note partially purchased
by Crede, based on an average per share exchange price of $6.83. The exchange included a non-cash exchange premium $52,972. For the year ended December 31, 2016, we exchanged 166,340 shares
of our common stock with Crede for an aggregate of $2,499,481 of RBL promissory notes, including the full exchange of the $400,000
promissory note (originally entered into February 10, 2015) and $250,000 promissory note (originally entered into March 27, 2015),
and the partial exchange for $1,849,481 of the $3,315,000 promissory note (originally entered July 17, 2014). These notes were
purchased by Crede for an average per share exchange price of $16.80. The exchanges also settled current interest and loan fees
of $302,294 and a non-cash exchange premium of $487,064. Other Stock Issuance On January 25, 2016, we issued 4,257 shares of our common stock
in connection with the earn-out provisions of our acquisition of PayOnline. Pursuant to the earn-out installment provisions of the PayOnline
purchase agreement, we issued an additional 13,082 shares of our common stock and paid $108,583 in March 2017. On August 15, 2016, we issued 9,569 shares of our common stock
and recorded a $200,000 charge in connection with the Orkin litigation settlement. On July 19, 2017, we issued 30,759 shares
for a $252,223 partial settlement of our $1.4 million reserve liability assumed with the PayOnline acquisition. On February 28, 2017, the Compensation Committee of our board
of directors awarded to Oleg Firer, our Chief Executive Officer, 47,139 restricted shares of our common stock as performance bonus
subject to shareholder approval. The share award was made outside the 2013 Plan and these shares were issued in October 2017 following
shareholder approval. In addition, the Committee approved a $300,000 discretionary cash performance bonus to Oleg Firer which was
paid in March, 2018 (Note 17 - See Subsequent Events). On October 20, 2017, we entered
into, and consummated the transactions contemplated by, the Exchange Agreement. Pursuant to the Exchange Agreement, the
entire outstanding amount (including the principal amount of $348,083 and accrued and unpaid interest) of $374,253 under the
Star Equities note was exchanged into 67,312 restricted shares of Common Stock of the Company. Agreements with ESOUSA Holdings On July 6, 2016, we entered into a common stock purchase agreement
(“Purchase Agreement”), with ESOUSA Holdings, LLC, a New York limited liability company (“ESOUSA”), which
provides that ESOUSA is committed to purchase up to an aggregate of $10 million of our shares of common stock over the 30-month
term of the Purchase Agreement. In consideration for entering into the Purchase Agreement, we paid shares of our common stock with
a value equivalent $200,000 as a commitment fee to ESOUSA. The number of shares was calculated using the average of volume weighted
average price for our common stock during the 3 trading day period immediately preceding the date of issuance of such shares. Accordingly,
on August 31, 2016, we issued 13,117 shares of our common stock to ESOUSA based on the price of $15.25 per share. In connection with the ESOUSA Purchase Agreement, we issued
the following shares of our common stock to ESOUSA during 2016 and 2017: NUMBER OF | PURCHASE | Share
SHARES | AMOUNT | Price
9/15/2016 | 45,455 | $ | 500,000 | $ | 11.00
10/25/2016 | 9,434 | $ | 100,000 | $ | 10.60
1/19/2017 | 24,096 | $ | 200,000 | $ | 8.30
1/25/2017 | 17,647 | $ | 150,000 | $ | 8.50
2/8/2017 | 116,144 | $ | 1,000,000 | $ | 8.61
3/23/2017 | 10,379 | $ | 87,132 | $ | 8.40
Total | 223,155 | $ | 2,037,132 F- 22 On December 29, 2017, we entered into,
and consummated a unit purchase agreement with ESOUSA. Pursuant to the unit purchase agreement, the Company sold to ESOUSA (i)
350,553 shares of our common stock, par value $0.0001, at a purchase price of $11.12 per share (i.e., a price equal to the our
consolidated closing bid price per share as reported by the Nasdaq); (ii) an aggregate of 404,676 five-year warrants to purchase
shares of our common stock at a purchase price of $0.125 per share and exercise price of $11.12 per share; and (iii) an aggregate
of 323,907 five-year pre-paid warrants to purchase shares of our common stock with exercise price of $0.01 per share. The aggregate
purchase price for the securities was $7,550,585. NOTE 14. WARRANTS AND OPTIONS At December 31, 2017 the Company has fully
vested options outstanding to purchase 234,219 shares of common stock at exercise prices ranging from $8.10 to $134.00 per share. In February 28, 2017, the Company granted
options to acquire 45,106 shares of common stock at an exercise price of $8.10 per share over a 10-year term. For 2016, the Company
granted 18,241 incentive plan options at an exercise price of $21.20 per share over a 10-year term. We also granted 46,643 options
outside the plan in connection with an equity raise with an exercise price of $21.46 per share over a 5-year term. Due to the high level of volatility in the stock price of the
Company’s common stock, the Company determined the grant date fair value of the options granted during the years ended December
31, 2017 and 2016 using the then quoted stock price at the grant date. The following is a summary of the Company’s stock option
activity: Stock Option Activity
Outstanding at December 31, 2015 | 146,437
Granted | 64,884
Expired | (17,711 | )
Outstanding at December 31, 2016 | 193,610
Granted | 45,106
Expired | (4,497 | )
Outstanding at December 31, 2017 | 234,219 The following table summarizes stock option
information at December 31, 2017: Exercise Price | Outstanding & Exercisable | Remaining Contractual Life (Years)
$ | 134.00 | 1,021 | 6.94
$ | 24.00 | 11,434 | 7.93
$ | 21.20 | 18,241 | 8.45
$ | 8.10 | 43,310 | 9.17
$ | 22.00 | 113,572 | 2.70
$ | 21.46 | 46,643 | 3.45 Warrants In 2013, our predecessor entity (then known as Cazador Acquisition
Corporation Ltd.) issued warrants to purchase 89,400 shares (reverse split adjusted) of common stock in connection with its private
placement and initial public offering (the “Prior Warrants”). These Prior Warrants expired on October 1, 2017 and were “out-of-the-money” and had no intrinsic
value at December 31, 2016. As noted above, pursuant to the unit purchase agreement with
ESOUSA, on December 29, 2017 we issued (i) an aggregate of 404,676 five-year warrants to purchase shares of Company common stock
at a purchase price of $0.125 per share and exercise price of $11.12 per share; and (ii) an aggregate of 323,907 five-year pre-paid
warrants to purchase shares of Company common stock with an exercise price of $0.01 per share. At December 31, 2017 and December 31, 2016, we had warrants
outstanding to purchase 728,583 and 89,389 shares of common stock. At December 31, 2017, the warrants had a weighted average
exercise price of $6.20 per share purchased and a weighted average remaining contractual term of 5.0 years. At December 31, 2016,
the warrants had a weighted average exercise price of $750.00 per share purchased and a weighted average remaining contractual
term of 0.75 years. The following is a summary of the Company’s warrant activity: F- 23 Warrant Activity
Outstanding at December 31, 2015 | 89,389
Granted | -
Expired | -
Outstanding at December 31, 2016 | 89,389
Granted | 728,583
Expired | (89,389 | )
Outstanding at December 31, 2017 | 728,583 The following table summarizes warrant
information at December 31, 2017: Exercise Price | Outstanding & Exercisable | Remaining Contractual Life (Years)
$ | 11.12 | 404,676 | 5.00
$ | 0.01 | 323,907 | 5.00 Non-Incentive Plan Options At December 31, 2017, we had 160,214 non-incentive options outstanding
with a weighted-average exercise price of $21.80 and a remaining contract term of 2.92 years. At December 31, 2016, we had 160,214
non-incentive options outstanding with a weighted-average exercise price of $21.80 and a remaining contract term of 3.92 years.
These options were out of the money at December 31, 2017 and 2016 and had no intrinsic value. NOTE 15. INCOME TAXES The components of income (loss) before income tax provision
are as follows: December 31, | December 31,
2017 | 2016
United States | $ | (7,865,421 | ) | $ | (11,615,285 | )
Foreign | (2,157,628 | ) | (2,000,791 | )
$ | (10,023,049 | ) | $ | (13,616,076 | ) There was no current U.S. income tax or
deferred income tax provision for years ended December 31, 2017 and December 31, 2016. There were current foreign tax provisions
of $70,033 and $49,375 for the years ended December 31, 2017 and December 31, 2016 respectively. The following is a reconciliation of the
effective income tax rate with the U.S. federal statutory income tax rate at: December 31, | December 31,
2017 | 2016
U. S. Federal statutory income tax rate | 34.0 | % | 34.0 | %
State income tax, net of federal tax benefit | 4.1 | % | 4.1 | %
Currency translation adjustment | -2.2 | % | -0.9 | %
Foreign income tax | -0.9 | % | -0.4 | %
Difference in foreign tax rates | 5.2 | % | 3.4 | %
Change in valuation allowance | -28.9 | % | -40.5 | %
Change in tax rates | -12.2 | % | 0 | %
Effective income tax rate | -0.9 | % | -0.4 | % The effective tax rate on operations of
-0.9% at December 31, 2017 varied from the statutory rate of 34%, primarily due to the permanent difference related to difference
in foreign tax rates and the increase in our valuation allowance. The effective rate on operations of -0.4% at December 31, 2016
varied from the statutory rate of 34% primarily due to dividends paid on preferred stock, stock based compensation and the increase
in our valuation allowance. On December 22, 2017, President Trump
signed into law the “Tax Cuts and Jobs Act” (TCJA) that significantly reformed the Internal Revenue Code of 1986,
as amended. The TCJA reduces the corporate tax rate to 21 percent beginning with years starting January 1, 2018. Because a change
in tax law is accounted for in the period of enactment, the deferred tax assets and liabilities have been adjusted to the newly
enacted U.S. corporate rate, and the related impact to the tax expense has been recognized in the current year. F- 24 Significant components of our deferred
tax assets and liabilities are as follows: December 31, | December 31,
2017 | 2016
Deferred tax assets:
Net operating loss carry forwards | $ | 14,800,451 | $ | 19,556,555
Stock based compensation | 741,275 | 906,087
Basis difference in goodwill | 1,471,976 | 2,604,306
Basis difference in fixed assets | 8,792 | 19,899
Basis difference in intangible assets | 1,313,547 | 1,714,761
Allowance for bad debt (US) | - | -
Stock price guarantee adjustment | - | 1,416,870
Valuation allowance for deferred tax assets | (18,336,041 | ) | (26,218,478 | )
Total deferred tax assets | - | -
Deferred tax liabilities:
Basis difference in goodwill | - | -
Basis difference in fixed assets | - | -
Basis difference in intangible assets | - | -
Total deferred tax liabilities | - | -
Net deferred taxes | $ | - | $ | - Deferred income taxes reflect the net tax
effects of temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities for financial reporting purposes and the
amounts of assets and liabilities used for income tax purposes. At December 31, 2017, we had cumulative federal and state net operating
losses (“NOLs”) carry forwards of approximately $56.8 million. At December 31, 2016, we had cumulative federal and
state NOLs carry forwards of approximately $51.4 million. We also have $14.0 million and $10.4 million in foreign NOLs as of December
31, 2017 and 2016, respectively. The valuation allowance was increased by $7.9 million in fiscal year 2017. The fiscal 2017 increase
was primarily related to additional operating loss incurred, and difference in tax and book basis of goodwill and other intangible
assets. We have considered all the evidence, both positive and negative, that the NOLs and other deferred tax assets may not be
realized and have recorded a valuation allowance for $26.7 million. The federal NOLs begin to expire in December 2025 while the
foreign NOLs begin to expire in 2023. The timing and manner in which we will be able to utilize some
of its NOLs is limited by Section 382 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (IRC). IRC Section 382 imposes limitations
on a corporation’s ability to use its NOLs when it undergoes an “ownership change.” Generally, an ownership change
occurs if one or more shareholders, each of whom owns 5% or more in value of a corporation’s stock, increase their percentage
ownership, in the aggregate, by more than 50% over the lowest percentage of stock owned by such shareholders at any time during
the preceding three-year period. Because on June 10, 2014, we underwent an ownership change as defined by IRC Section 382, the
limitation applies to us. The losses generated prior to the ownership change date (pre-change losses) are subject to the Section
382 limitation. The pre-change losses may only become available to be utilized by the Company at the rate of $2.4 million per year.
Any unused losses can be carried forward, subject to their original carryforward limitation periods. In the year 2017, approximately
$2.4 million in the pre-change losses was released from the Section 382 loss limitation. The Company can still fully utilize the
NOLs generated after the change of the ownership, which was approximately $16.5 million. Thus, the total of approximately $20.6
million as of December 31, 2017 is available to offset future income. The open United States tax years subject to examination
with respect to the Company’s operations are 2015, 2015 and 2016. NOTE 16. SEGMENT INFORMATION Prior
to the fourth quarter of 2017, we had three reportable business segments: (i) North American Transaction Solutions for
electronic commerce, (ii) Mobile Solutions (primary Russian Federation and CIS) and (iii) Online Solutions. Management
determines the reportable segments based on the internal reporting used by our Chief Operating Decision Maker to evaluate
performance and to assess where to allocate resources. Factors management used to identify
the entity’s reportable segments. The increase growth in our North American Transactions Solutions segment and the consolidation
of our mobile solutions business with our online solutions business has changed how management evaluates performance and allocates
resources. We now have two reportable business segments (i) North American Transaction Solutions and (ii) International Transaction
Solutions. F- 25 The Company’s reportable segments
are business units that offer different products and services in different geographies. The reportable segments are each managed
separately because they offer distinct products, in distinct geographic locations, with different delivery and service processes. North America Transaction Solutions Our US payment processing business segment
consists of the former Unified Payments business and Aptito. This segment operates primarily in North America. In March 2013, we
acquired all of the business assets of Unified Payments, a provider of comprehensive turnkey, payment processing solutions to small
and medium size business owners (merchants) and independent sales organizations across the United States. In April 2013, we purchased 80% of Aptito,
a cloud based Software-as-a-Service (“SaaS”) restaurant management solution, which provides integrated POS, mPOS, Kiosk,
Digital Menus functionality to drive consumer engagement via Apple® iPad®-based POS, kiosk and all other cloud-connected
devices. International Transaction Solutions Our Russian mobile and online payment processing
segment consists of PayOnline and Digital Provider which operate primarily in Russia. PayOnline, includes a protected payment
processing system to accept bank card payments for goods and services. I n June 2012, we formed our subsidiary ,
OOO TOT Money to develop a business in mobile commerce payment processing. TOT Money launched its initial operations in Russia
as a payment facilitator using SMS (short message services, which is a text messaging service) and MMS (multimedia message services)
for mobile phone subscribers in Russia. During 2015, we changed or business model, rebranded our name to Digital Provider, and
began to offer branded content to subscribers . Segment Summary Information Geographic Summary Information 2017 Revenues | 2017 Long-Lived Assets | 2016 Revenues | 2016 Long-Lived Assets
North America | $ | 51,138,327 | $ | 9,778,888 | $ | 42,130,901 | $ | 9,468,105
Russia and CIS | 8,926,497 | 3,511,403 | 12,155,957 | 4,625,602 The following tables present financial information of the Company’s
reportable segments at December 31, 2017. The “corporate and eliminations” column includes all corporate expenses and
intercompany eliminations for consolidated purposes. Twelve months ended December 31, 2017 | North America Transaction Solutions | International Transaction Solutions | CORP EXP & ELIMS | Total
Net revenues | $ | 51,138,327 | $ | 8,926,497 | $ | - | 60,064,824
Cost of revenues | 44,265,264 | 6,971,948 | - | 51,237,212
Gross Margin | 6,873,063 | 1,954,549 | - | 8,827,612
Gross margin % | 13 | % | 22 | % | 0 | % | 15 | %
General, administrative, and asset disposal | 3,281,547 | 3,033,360 | 4,314,866 | 10,629,773
Non-cash compensation | - | - | 2,940,424 | 2,940,424
Provision (recovery) for bad debt | 1,408,908 | (89,260 | ) | 1,200 | 1,320,848
Depreciation and amortization | 1,480,603 | 1,053,382 | - | 2,533,985
Interest expense (income), net | 997,429 | -34,776 | 226,969 | 1,189,622
Other expenses (income) | 48,549 | 178,576 | 8,884 | 236,009
Net (loss) income for segment | (343,973 | ) | (2,186,733 | ) | (7,492,343 | ) | (10,023,049 | )
Segment assets | 28,235,321 | 4,096,109 | - | 32,331,430 F- 26 Twelve months ended December 31, 2016 | North America Transaction Solutions | International Transaction Solutions | CORP EXP & ELIMS | Total
Net revenues | $ | 42,130,901 | 12,155,958 | $ | - | 54,286,859
Cost of revenues | 36,342,465 | 9,365,776 | - | 45,708,241
Gross Margin | 5,788,436 | 2,790,182 | - | 8,578,618
Gross margin % | 14 | % | 23 | % | - | 16 | %
General, administrative, and asset disposal | 2,603,329 | 2,768,116 | 3,426,438 | 8,797,883
Non-cash compensation | - | - | 3,463,435 | 3,463,435
Provision (recovery) for bad debt | 1,173,815 | 513,922 | 500 | 1,688,237
Depreciation and amortization | 1,201,268 | 1,896,987 | 368,256 | 3,466,511
Interest expense (income), net | 555,212 | 23,412 | 885,209 | 1,463,833
Loss from stock value guarantee | - | - | 3,722,142 | 3,722,142
Other expenses (income) | 4,118 | (411,465 | ) | - | (407,346 | )
Net (loss) income for segment | 250,694 | (2,000,790 | ) | (11,865,981 | ) | (13,616,076 | )
Segment assets | 14,794,400 | 7,810,814 | 564,853 | 23,170,067 Twelve months ended December 31, 2016 | North America Transaction Solutions | Mobile Solutions | Online Solutions | Corporate Expenses & Eliminations | Total
Net revenues | $ | 42,130,901 | $ | 5,933,281 | $ | 6,222,677 | $ | - | $ | 54,286,859
Cost of revenues | 36,342,465 | 5,287,960 | 4,077,816 | - | 45,708,241
Gross Margin | 5,788,436 | 645,321 | 2,144,860 | - | 8,578,618
Gross margin % | 14 | % | 11 | % | 34 | % | - | 16 | %
General, administrative, and asset disposal | 2,603,329 | 20,924 | 2,003,388 | 4,170,242 | 8,797,883
Non-cash compensation | - | - | - | 3,463,435 | 3,463,435
Provision (recovery) for bad debt | 1,173,815 | 511,772 | 2,760 | (109 | ) | 1,688,237
Depreciation and amortization | 1,201,268 | 18,970 | 1,837,709 | 408,564 | 3,466,511
Interest expense (income), net | 555,212 | (42,760 | ) | (28,670 | ) | 980,051 | 1,463,833
Loss from stock value guarantee | - | - | - | 3,722,142 | 3,722,142
Other expenses (income) | 4,118 | (446,592 | ) | 32,950 | 2,179 | (407,346 | )
Net (loss) income for segment | $ | 250,694 | $ | 583,008 | $ | (1,703,278 | ) | $ | (12,746,503 | ) | $ | (13,616,077 | )
Segment assets | $ | 14,794,400 | $ | 2,685,673 | $ | 5,125,140 | $ | 564,853 | $ | 23,170,067 NOTE 17. SUBSEQUENT EVENTS During December 2017 we entered into a
letter of intent, with Bunker Capital for the development of block-chain technology-based solutions, and we made a prepayment of
19,000 shares of our common stock. On February 26, 2018, we terminated the relationship with Bunker Capital as the parties did
not reach a definitive agreement, and, as part of such termination, we asked Bunker Capital to return such shares of the Company’s
common stock. At this time, we do not know whether and how many shares will be returned. We continue to work on the business plan
and technology schematics for such block-chain technology-based solution as part of its Netevia platform utilizing its internal
team of software engineers while continuing to assess the technical resources required to implement the Company’s strategic
initiatives in this regard. On March 8, 2018, we paid our CEO the previously
approved discretionary bonus of $300,000. During the first quarter of 2018, we
extended the term of our $15,000,000 Credit Facility with RBL to February 2019. F- 27 EXHIBIT INDEX Exhibit No. | Description of Exhibit
2.1 | Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of June 12, 2012, by and between Cazador Acquisition Corporation Ltd. and Net Element, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on June 12, 2012)
2.2 | Contribution Agreement, dated April 16, 2013, among Net Element International, Inc., Unified Payments, LLC, TOT Group, Inc., Oleg Firer, and Georgia Notes 18 LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on April 17, 2013.
2.3 | Term Sheet, dated May 20, 2013, among TOT Group, Inc., Net Element International, Inc. and Aptito.com, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on May 22, 2013)
2.4 | Asset Purchase Agreement, dated June 18, 2013, between Aptito, LLC and Aptito.com, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on June 24, 2013)
2.5 | Contribution Agreement, dated September 25, 2013, among T1T Lab, LLC, Net Element International, Inc. and T1T Group, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on September 25, 2013)
2.6 | Assignment of Membership Interest, dated February 11, 2014, among T1T Group, LLC, Net Element, Inc., and T1T LAB, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.7 to the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Commission on April 15, 2014)
2.7 | Binding Offer Letter, dated March 16, 2015, among TOT Group Europe Ltd., Maglenta Enterprises Inc. and Champfremont Holding Ltd. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to Net Element’s Current Report on Form 8-K/A filed with the Commission on March 20, 2015)
3.1 | Certificate of Corporate Domestication of Cazador, filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware on October 2, 2012 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on October 5, 2012)
3.2 | Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Net Element International, Inc., a Delaware corporation, filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware on October 2, 2012 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on October 5, 2012)
3.3 | Amended and Restated Bylaws of Net Element International, Inc., a Delaware corporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.3 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on October 5, 2012)
3.4 | Certificate of Merger, filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware on October 2, 2012 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.4 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on October 5, 2012)
3.5 | Certificate of Amendment to Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation, dated December 5, 2013, changing the Company’s name from Net Element International, Inc. to Net Element, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on December 6, 2013)
3.6 | Certificate of Amendment to Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation, to increase authorized common stock to 200 million shares (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on December 17, 2014)
3.7 | Certificate of Designations, Preferences and Rights of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on May 1, 2015)
3.8 | Certificate of Amendment to Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation, dated June 15, 2015, to increase authorized common stock to 300 million shares (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on June 16, 2015)
3.9 | Amendment No. 1 to the Bylaws of the Company, dated June 15, 2015 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 of the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on June 16, 2015)
3.10 | Amendment No. 2 to the Bylaws of the Company, dated July 10, 2015 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on July 10, 2015) 52 3.11 | Certificate of Amendment to Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation, as amended, of the Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company’s second Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on May 24, 2016)
3.12 | Certificate of Amendment to Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Company, dated June 15, 2016 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on June 16, 2016)
3.13 | Certificate of Amendment to Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation, as amended, of Net Element, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on October 4, 2017)
4.1 | Specimen Common Stock Certificate of Net Element International, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Registration Statement on Form S-4 filed by the Company with the Commission on August 31, 2012)
4.2 | Warrant Certificate of Cazador Acquisition Corporation Ltd. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to the Registration Statement on Form F-1 filed by the Company with the Commission on September 3, 2010)
4.3 | Registration Rights Agreement by and between Cazador Acquisition Corporation Ltd., Cazador Sub Holdings Ltd. and Others (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Registration Statement, as amended, on Form F-1/A filed by the Company with the Commission on October 6, 2010)
4.4 | Warrant Agreement by and between Cazador Acquisition Corporation Ltd. and Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.4 to the Registration Statement, as amended, on Form F-1/A filed by the Company with the Commission on October 6, 2010)
4.5 | Secured Convertible Senior Promissory Note dated April 21, 2014 between the Company and Cayman Invest, S.A. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to Net Element’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on April 22, 2014)
4.6 | Form of Amended and Restated Restricted Options to Purchase Shares of Restricted Common Stock (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to Net Element’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on October 7, 2015)
4.7 | Form of Option to Kenges Rakishev to Purchase Shares of Restricted Common Stock (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to Net Element’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on January 22, 2016)
4.8 | Registration Rights Agreement, dated as of July 6, 2016, between Net Element, Inc. and ESOUSA Holdings, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on July 12, 2016)
4.9 | Registration Rights Agreement, dated as of July 5, 2017, between the Company and Cobblestone Capital Partners LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on July 7, 2017)
4.10 | Registration Rights Agreement, dated as of December 29, 2017, between the Company and Esousa Holdings LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on January 2, 2018)
4.11 | Form of Warrant to Purchase Common Stock issued to Esousa Holdings LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit A-1 to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on January 2, 2018)
4.12 | Form of Pre-Funded Warrant to Purchase Common Stock issued to Esousa Holdings LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit A-2 to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on January 2, 2018)
10.1 | Form of Indemnification Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.9 to the Registration Statement on Form F-1 filed by the Company with the Commission on September 3, 2010)
10.2 | Memorandum of Understanding, dated March 23, 2012, by and between Cazador Acquisition Corporation Ltd. and Cazador Sub-Holdings Ltd. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.10 to the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2011, filed with the Commission on March 30, 2012)
10.3 | Membership Interest Purchase Agreement (Motorsport) dated as of February 1, 2011 between Enerfund, LLC and the Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.29 to the Company’s Transition Report on Form 10-KT/A filed with the Commission on February 3, 2011) 53 10.4 | Joint Venture Agreement, dated April 6, 2012, between Net Element, Inc. and Igor Yakovlevich Krutoy (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Net Element’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on April 12, 2012)
10.5 | Loan Agreement, dated July 4, 2012, between OOO Sat-Moscow and OOO Net Element Russia (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Net Element’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on July 10, 2012)
10.6 | Credit Agreement, dated August 17, 2012, between Alpha-Bank and OOO Digital Provider (formerly OOO TOT Money) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Net Element’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on August 23, 2012)
10.7 | Agreement of Property Rights Pledge, dated August 17, 2012, between Alpha-Bank and OOO Digital Provider (formerly OOO TOT Money) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to Net Element’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on August 23, 2012)
10.8 | General Agreement No. TR-0672 on General Conditions of Financing against Assignment of Monetary Claim (Factoring) within Russia, dated September 19, 2012, between Alpha-Bank and OOO Digital Provider (formerly OOO TOT Money) (including related supplementary agreements) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on October 10, 2012)
10.9 | Supplemental Agreements dated September 19, 2012, which amend the General Agreement No. TR-0672 on General Conditions of Financing against Assignment of Monetary Claim (Factoring) within Russia, dated September 19, 2012, between Alpha-Bank and OOO Digital Provider (formerly OOO TOT Money) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.22 to the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Commission on April 12, 2013)
10.10# | Management and Consulting Services Agreement, dated October 24, 2012, between Bond Street Management LLC and Net Element International Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on October 30, 2012)
10.11 | Agreement on transfer of rights and obligations, dated July 1, 2012, among Mobile Telesystems OJSC, OOO RM-Invest and OOO Digital Provider (formerly OOO TOT Money), with respect to Contract No. D0811373, dated July 1, 2008, between Mobile Telesystems OJSC and OOO RM-Invest (Net Element International, Inc. is requesting confidential treatment of certain information which has been omitted from this Agreement. The omitted information has been separately filed with the SEC.) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.33 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on November 19, 2012)
10.12 | Contract No. D0811373, dated July 1, 2008, between Mobile Telesystems OJSC and OOO RM-Invest (including material supplementary agreements related thereto) (Net Element International, Inc. is requesting confidential treatment of certain information which has been omitted from Contract No. D0811373 and certain of the material supplementary agreements related thereto. The omitted information has been separately filed with the SEC.) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.34 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on November 19, 2012)
10.13 | Contract No. CPA-86, dated September 1, 2012, between OJSC Megafon and OOO Digital Provider (formerly OOO TOT Money) (Net Element International, Inc. is requesting confidential treatment of certain information which has been omitted from Contract No. CPA-86. The omitted information has been separately filed with the SEC.) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.35 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on November 19, 2012)
10.14 | Contract No. 0382, dated September 20, 2012, between OJSC VimpelCom and OOO Digital Provider (formerly OOO TOT Money) (including Supplementary Agreement No. 1 thereto) (Net Element International, Inc. is requesting confidential treatment of certain information which has been omitted from Contract No. 0382 and Supplementary Agreement No. 1 thereto. The omitted information has been separately filed with the SEC.) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.36 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on November 19, 2012)
10.15 | Loan Agreement, dated November 26, 2012, between Net Element International, Inc. and Infratont Equities Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on November 30, 2012)
10.16 | Term Sheet, dated March 8, 2013, between Unified Payments, LLC and Net Element International, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on March 12, 2013)
10.17 | Loan Agreement, dated March 8, 2013, among Net Element International, Inc., Unified Payments, LLC, Oleg Firer and Georgia Notes 18 LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on March 12, 2013) 54 10.18 | Form of Secured Revolving Note made by Unified Payments, LLC and payable to Net Element International, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on March 12, 2013)
10.19 | Non-Recourse Guaranty, dated March 8, 2013, by Oleg Firer and Georgia Notes 18 LLC for the benefit of Net Element International, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on March 12, 2013)
10.20 | Pledge Agreement, dated March 8, 2013, among Oleg Firer, Georgia Notes 18 LLC and Net Element International, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on March 12, 2013)
10.21 | Loan Agreement, dated July 12, 2012, between OOO Digital Provider (formerly OOO TOT Money) and OOO RM Invest, as amended on July 30, 2012, August 17, 2012 and February 25, 2013 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.34 to the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Commission on April 12, 2013)
10.22 | Termination Agreement for Management and Consulting Agreement, dated April 15, 2013, between Net Element International, Inc. and Bond Street Management LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on April 17, 2013)
10.23 | Form of Indemnification Agreement for executive officers, entered into between Net Element International, Inc. and each of Jonathan New, Dmitry Kozko, and Francesco Piovanetti (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.8 to the Company’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended March 31, 2013, filed with the Commission on May 15, 2013)
10.24 | Contract No. CPA/ML-17, dated March 1, 2013, between ZAO MegaLabs and OOO Digital Provider (formerly OOO TOT Money) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.9 to the Company’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended March 31, 2013, filed with the Commission on May 15, 2013) (Net Element, Inc. is requesting confidential treatment of certain information which has been omitted from Contract No. CPA/ML-17. The omitted information has been separately filed with the Commission.)
10.25 | Commercial Lease, dated May 1, 2013, between BGC LLC and Net Element International, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Company’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended June 30, 2013, filed with the Commission on August 19, 2013)
10.26 | Promissory Note, dated May 13, 2013, in the original principal amount of $2 million made by Net Element International, Inc. and payable to K1 Holding Limited (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 to the Company’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended June 30, 2013, filed with the Commission on August 19, 2013)
10.27 | Letter Agreement, dated January 14, 2013, among OOO Digital Provider (formerly OOO TOT Money), Tcahai Hairullaevich Katcaev and Varwood Holdings Limited (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended June 30, 2013, filed with the Commission on August 19, 2013)
10.28 | Letter Agreement, dated July 1, 2013, among OOO Digital Provider (formerly OOO TOT Money), OOO NETE, Net Element International, Inc. and Tcahai Hairullaevich Katcaev (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended June 30, 2013, filed with the Commission on August 19, 2013)
10.29 | Settlement, Separation Agreement and General Release, dated May 10, 2013, between Net Element International, Inc. and Curtis Wolfe (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to the Company’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended June 30, 2013, filed with the Commission on August 19, 2013)
10.30 | Letter Agreement, dated August 28, 2013, among Net Element International, Inc., Oleg Firer, Steven Wolberg, Vladimir Sadovskiy, Georgia Notes 18, LLC, Kenges Rakishev and Mike Zoi (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on September 10, 2013)
10.31 | Services Agreement, dated December 5, 2013, between Net Element International, Inc. an K 1 Holding Limited (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on December 6, 2013)
10.32 | Letter Agreement, dated December 5, 2013, among TGR Capital, LLC, Net Element International, Inc. and K 1 Holding Limited (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on December 6, 2013)
10.33 | Form of Incentive Stock Option Award Agreement Under the Net Element, Inc. 2013 Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.33 to the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Commission on March 30, 2015)
10.34 | Form of Non-Qualified Stock Option Award Agreement Under the Net Element, Inc. 2013 Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.34 to the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Commission on March 30, 2015) 55 10.35 | Form of Restricted Share Award Agreement Under the Net Element, Inc. 2013 Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.35 to the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Commission on March 30, 2015)
10.36 | Assignment of Membership Interest, dated February 11, 2014, between Net Element, Inc. and T1T Group, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Net Element’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended March 31, 2014, filed with the Commission on May 15, 2014)
10.37 | Loan and Security Agreement, dated June 30, 2014, among RBL Capital Group, LLC, as lender, and TOT Group, Inc., TOT Payments, LLC, TOT BPS, LLC, TOT FBS, LLC, Process Pink, LLC, TOT HPS, LLC and TOT New Edge, LLC, as co-borrowers (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Net Element’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on July 2, 2014)
10.38 | Amendment No. 1 effective June 30, 2014 between the Company and Oleg Firer, Steven Wolberg, Georgia Notes 18, LLC and Vladimir Sadovskiy (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to Net Element’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended June 30, 2014, filed with the Commission on August 14, 2014)
10.39 | Master Exchange Agreement, dated as of September 15, 2014 between the Company and Crede CG III, Ltd. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Net Element’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on September 15, 2014)
10.40 | Supplement Agreement No. 14, dated May 21, 2014 (but executed by OOO Digital Provider (formerly OOO TOT Money) on September 17, 2014), to the General Agreement No. TR-0672 on General Conditions of Financing against Assignment of Receivables (Factoring) within Russia, dated September 19, 2012, between JSC Alpha-Bank and OOO Digital Provider (formerly OOO TOT Money) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Net Element’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on September 24, 2014)
10.41 | Supplement Agreement No. 15, dated September 17, 2014, to the General Agreement No. TR-0672 on General Conditions of Financing against Assignment of Receivables (Factoring) within Russia, dated September 19, 2012, between JSC Alpha-Bank and OOO Digital Provider (formerly OOO TOT Money) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to Net Element’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on September 24, 2014)
10.42 | General Agreement No. 09969-HP on General Conditions of Factoring Services under “Liquidity” Program, dated as of November 5, 2014, between Bank Otkritie Financial Corporation and Digital Provider Limited Liability Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Net Element’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on November 19, 2014)
10.43 | Additional Agreement on Factoring Services under “Finance” Program to General Agreement on General Conditions of Factoring Services under “Liquidity” Program No. 09969-HP as of November 5, 2014 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to Net Element’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on November 19, 2014)
10.44 | Equity Distribution Agreement between the Company and Revere Securities, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Net Element’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on January 28, 2015)
10.45 | Securities Purchase Agreement (Series A Preferred Stock) among the Company and the investors party thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on May 1, 2015)
10.46 | Voting Agreement (related to Series A Preferred Stock sale) among the Company and the stockholders party thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on May 1, 2015)
10.47 | Form of Lock-Up Agreement (related to Series A Preferred Stock transaction) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on May 1, 2015)
10.48 | Securities Purchase Agreement (Senior Convertible Notes and Warrants) among the Company and the investors party thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K/A filed with the Commission on July 17, 2015)
10.49 | Registration Rights Agreement among the Company and the investors party thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on May 1, 2015)
10.50 | Form of Lock-Up Agreement (related to Senior Convertible Notes and Warrants transaction) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on May 1, 2015)
10.51 | Form of Voting Agreement (related to Senior Convertible Notes and Warrants transaction) among the Company and the stockholders thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on May 1, 2015) 56 10.52 | Acquisition Agreement, dated May 20, 2015, among TOT Group Europe Ltd., ТOT Group Russia LLC, Maglenta Enterprises Inc. and Champfremont Holding Ltd., Polimore Capital Limited, Brosword Holding Limited and other Target Companies listed in Exhibit B thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on May 27, 2015)
10.53 | Escrow Agreement, dated May 20, 2015, among TOT Group Europe Ltd., ТOT Group Russia LLC, Maglenta Enterprises Inc., Champfremont Holding Ltd. and Reznick Law, PLLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on May 27, 2015)
10.54 | Guaranty, dated May 20, 2015, among Net Element, Inc., Maglenta Enterprises Inc. and Champfremont Holding Ltd. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on May 27, 2015)
10.55 | Guaranty, dated May 20, 2015, by Lacerta Management Ltd in favor of TOT Group Europe Ltd., and ТOT Group Russia LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-Kfiled with the Commission on May 27, 2015)
10.56 | Letter Agreement, dated August 4, 2014, by and among the Company and the investors listed on the signature pages attached thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on August 4, 2015)
10.57 | Letter Agreement, dated August 4, 2015, by and among the Company and the investors listed on the signature pages attached thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on August 4, 2015)
10.58 | Letter Agreement, dated as of September 11, 2015, among the Company and the investors listed on the signature pages attached thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on September 16, 2015)
10.59 | Additional Letter Agreement among the Company and the investors listed on the signature pages attached thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on October 7, 2015)
10.60 | Amendment to Letter Agreement dated August 4, 2015, dated December 1, 2015, by and among the Company and the investors listed on the signature pages attached thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on December 2, 2015)
10.61 | Amendment to Letter Agreement dated August 4, 2015, dated December 1, 2015, by and among the Company and the investors listed on the signature pages attached thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on December 2, 2015)
10.62 | Second Additional Letter Agreement, dated as of January 21, 2016, between the Company and Kenges Rakishev (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on January 22, 2016)
10.63 | Amendment No. 1, dated as of April 14, 2016, to Second Additional Letter Agreement, dated as of January 21, 2016, between the Company and Kenges Rakishev (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on April 15, 2016)
10.64 | Letter agreement, dated as of April 28, 2016 between the Company and RBL Capital Group, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on April 28, 2016)
10.65 | Master Exchange Agreement, dated as of May 2, 2016 between the Company and Crede CG III, Ltd. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on May 3, 2016)
10.66 | Amendment to the Master Exchange Agreement, dated as of May 2, 2016 between the Company and Crede CG III, Ltd. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on March 8, 2017)
10.67 | Amendment No. 1, dated as of May 2, 2016, to the Loan and Security Agreement among TOT Group, Inc., TOT Payments, LLC, TOT BPS, LLC, TOT FBS, LLC, Process Pink, LLC, TOT HPS, LLC, TOT New Edge, LLC and RBL Capital Group, LLC. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on May 4, 2016)
10.68# | 2013 Equity Incentive Plan approved on December 5, 2013 (incorporated by reference to Appendix “A” to the Company’s Definitive Proxy Statement on Schedule 14A filed with the Commission on November 4, 2013) 57 10.69# | Amendment to 2013 Equity Incentive Plan approved on December 9, 2014 (incorporated by reference to Appendix “B” to the Company’s Definitive Proxy Statement on Schedule 14A filed with the Commission on October 31, 2014)
10.70# | Amendment to 2013 Equity Incentive Plan approved on June 15, 2016 (incorporated by reference to Appendix “B” to the Company’s Definitive Proxy Statement on Schedule 14A filed with the Commission on April 25, 2016)
10.71 | Common Stock Purchase Agreement, dated as of July 6, 2016, between the Company and ESOUSA Holdings, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on July 12, 2016)
10.72 | Binding Letter of Intent, dated as of July 21, 2016, among the Company, PayStar, Inc. and Nexcharge, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on July 21, 2016)
10.73 | Settlement Agreement Amendment among Net Element, Inc., TOT Group Europe, Ltd., ТOT Group Russia LLC, Maglenta Enterprises Inc. and Champfremont Holding Ltd. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on October 31, 2016)
10.74 | Amendment to the Acquisition Agreement among Net Element, Inc., TOT Group Europe, Ltd., ТOT Group Russia LLC, Maglenta Enterprises Inc., Champfremont Holding Ltd. and the Target Companies parties thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on October 31, 2016)
10.75 | Second Amendment to the Acquisition Agreement among Net Element, Inc., TOT Group Europe, Ltd., ТOT Group Russia LLC, Maglenta Enterprises Inc., Champfremont Holding Ltd. and the Target Companies parties thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on March 17, 2017)
10.76 | Promissory Note, dated March 1, 2017, in the original principal amount of $348,083.32 made by the Company and payable to Star Equities LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on March 3, 2017)
10.77 | Amendment to Commercial Lease, dated September 12, 2016, between BGC LLC and Net Element International, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.77 of the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Commission on March 31, 2017)
10.78 | Second Amendment to Commercial Lease, dated November 16, 2016, between BGC LLC and Net Element International, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.78 of the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Commission on March 31, 2017)
10.79 | Corporate Guaranty, dated March 23, 2017, by Net Element, Inc. in favor of Cynergy Data, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on March 24, 2017)
10.80 | Amendment to Master Exchange Agreement, dated as of March 3, 2017, between the Company and Crede CG III, Ltd. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on March 8, 2017)
10.81 | Loan Agreement, dated as of May 18, 2017, among Priority Payment Systems LLC, as lender, and TOT Payments, LLC, TOT New Edge, LLC, Process Pink, LLC and TOT FBS, LLC, as co-borrowers (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on May 23, 2017)
10.82 | Promissory Note, dated May 18, 2017, by TOT Payments, LLC, TOT New Edge, LLC, Process Pink, LLC and TOT FBS, LLC in favor of Priority Payment Systems LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on May 23, 2017)
10.83 | Security Agreement, dated as of May 18, 2017, by TOT Payments, LLC, TOT New Edge, LLC, Process Pink, LLC and TOT FBS, LLC in favor of Priority Payment Systems LLC, as secured party (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on May 23, 2017)
10.84 | Corporate Guaranty, dated March 17, 2017, by Net Element, Inc. in favor of Priority Payment Systems LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on May 23, 2017)
10.85 | Amendment of Settlement Agreement among Net Element, Inc., Maglenta Enterprises Inc. and Champfremont Holding Ltd. (accepted and agreed to by TOT Group Europe, Ltd., TOT Group Russia LLC) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on May 25, 2017) 58 10.86 | Amendment to Loan Agreement, dated as of June 27, 2017, among Priority Payment Systems LLC, as lender, and TOT Payments, LLC, TOT New Edge, LLC, Process Pink, LLC and TOT FBS, LLC, as co-borrowers (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on July 3, 2017)
10.87 | Common Stock Purchase Agreement, dated as of July 5, 2017, between the Company and Cobblestone Capital Partners LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on July 7, 2017)
10.88 | Amendment to 2013 Equity Incentive Plan approved on June 15, 2016 (incorporated by reference to Appendix “B” to the Company’s Definitive Proxy Statement on Schedule 14A filed with the Commission on August 10, 2017)
10.89 | Lease, effective August 9, 2017, between the Company and Golden Star Investments Corp. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.8 of the Company’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the Commission on August 14, 2017)
10.90 | Promissory Note, dated August 29, 2017, by TOT Group, Inc. in favor of MBF Merchant Capital, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on September 1, 2017)
10.91 | Letter Agreement, dated as of October 20, 2017, between Net Element, Inc. and Star Equities LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on October 20, 2017)
10.92 | Unit Purchase Agreement, dated as of December 29, 2017, between the Company and Esousa Holdings, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on January 2, 2018)
21.1* | List of Subsidiaries
23.1* | Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (Daszkal Bolton LLP)
31.1* | Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) or Rule 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
31.2* | Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) or Rule 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
32.1* | Certification of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. § 1350
101* | The following financial information from the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2017, formatted in XBRL (eXtensible Business Reporting Language), is filed electronically herewith: (i) Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2017 and 2016; (ii) Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Loss for the Years Ended December 31, 2017 and 2016; (iii) Consolidated Statement of Changes in Stockholders’ Equity (Deficit) for the Years Ended December 31, 2017 and 2016; (iv) Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended December 31, 2017 and 2016; and (v) Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements # Indicates management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement. * Filed herewith. 59