S-1 1 v428505_s1.htm S-1 As filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on January 7, 2016 File No. 333-__________ UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 FORM S-1 REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933 NET ELEMENT, INC. (Exact name of registrant as specified in its
charter) Delaware | 5045 | 90-1025599
(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) | (Primary Standard Industrial Classification Code Number) | (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 3363 NE 163rd St., Suite 705 North Miami Beach, Florida 33160 (305) 507-8808 (Address, including zip code, and telephone
number, including area code, of registrant’s principal executive offices) Jonathan New Chief Financial Officer Net Element, Inc. 3363 NE 163rd St., Suite 705 North Miami Beach, Florida 33160 (305) 507-8808 (Name, address, including zip code, and telephone
number, including area code, of agent for service) with a copy to: Serge Pavluk, Esq. Snell & Wilmer L.L.P. 350 South Grand Avenue, Suite 2600 Los Angeles, California 90071 Telephone: (213) 929-2500 Facsimile:
(213) 929-2525 Approximate date of
commencement of proposed sale to the public: From time to time after this Registration Statement becomes effective. If the only securities
being registered on this Form are to be offered on a delayed or continuous basis pursuant to Rule 415 under the Securities Act
of 1933, check the following box. x If this Form is filed
to register additional securities for an offering pursuant to Rule 462(b) under the Securities Act, check the following box and
list the Securities Act registration statement number of the earlier effective registration statement for the same offering. ¨ If this Form is a post-effective
amendment filed pursuant to Rule 462(c) under the Securities Act, check the following box and list the Securities Act registration
statement number of the earlier effective registration statement for the same offering. ¨ If this Form is a post-effective
amendment filed pursuant to Rule 462(d) under the Securities Act, check the following box and list the Securities Act registration
statement number of the earlier effective registration statement for the same offering. ¨ Indicate by check mark
whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company.
See the definitions of “large accelerated filer,” “accelerated filer” and “smaller reporting company”
in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. Large accelerated filer ¨ | Accelerated filer ¨ | Non-accelerated filer ¨ | Smaller reporting company x
(Do not check if a smaller reporting company) Title of Each Class of Securities to be Registered | Amount to be Registered | Proposed Maximum Offering Price Per Security | Proposed Maximum Aggregate Offering Price | Amount of Registration Fee
Common Stock, par value $0.0001 per share (1) | — | — | — | —
Preferred Stock, par value $0.0001 per share (1) | — | — | — | —
Warrants | — | — | — | —
Units | — | — | — | —
Subscription Rights (2) | — | — | — | —
Debt Securities (3) | — | — | — | —
Total | $ | 50,000,000 | (4) | $ | 5,035.00 | (5) (1) | Includes an indeterminate number of shares of common stock or preferred stock as may be sold from time to time at indeterminate prices or as may be issued upon conversion or exchange of preferred stock, debt securities, warrants, units or subscription rights registered hereby.
(2) | The subscription rights are non-transferable subscription rights, which subscription rights are to be issued to holders of the registrant’s common stock on a pro rata basis without consideration. Pursuant to Rule 457(g), no separate registration fee is payable with respect to the subscription rights being offered hereby since the subscription rights are being registered in the same Registration Statement as the securities to be offered pursuant thereto.
(3) | If any debt securities are issued at an original issue discount, such greater principal amount at maturity as shall result in an aggregate initial offering price equal to the amount to be registered.
(4) | Pursuant to Rule 416 under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”), there is also being registered such indeterminable number of additional shares of common stock, preferred stock, warrants, units, debt securities, and subscription rights as may be issued to prevent dilution resulting from share dividends, split-up, reverse split-up or similar events. Any securities registered hereunder may be sold separately or as units with other securities registered hereunder. The proposed maximum offering price per unit will be determined by us in connection with the issuance of the securities. In no event will the aggregate offering price of all securities issued from time to time pursuant to this registration statement exceed $50,000,000. The proposed maximum per unit and aggregate offering prices per class of securities will be determined from time to time by the registrant in connection with the issuance by the registrant of the securities registered under this registration statement and is not specified as to each class of security.
(5) | Calculated pursuant to Rule 457(o) under the Securities Act. The Registrant hereby
amends this registration statement on such date or dates as may be necessary to delay its effective date until the Registrant
shall file a further amendment which specifically states that this registration statement shall thereafter become effective in
accordance with Section 8(a) of the Securities Act of 1933 or until this registration statement shall become effective on such
date as the Commission, acting pursuant to said Section 8(a), may determine. The
information in this prospectus is not complete and may be changed. We may not sell these securities until the registration statement
filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission is effective. This prospectus is not an offer to sell these securities and it
is not soliciting an offer to buy these securities in any jurisdiction where this offer or sale is not permitted. SUBJECT TO COMPLETION, DATED
JANUARY 7, 2016 PROSPECTUS NET ELEMENT, INC. $50,000,000 Shares of Common Stock / Preferred
Stock / Warrants / Units / Subscription Rights / Debt Securities Net Element, Inc., a Delaware corporation
(“us”, “we”, “our”, “Net Element” or the “Company”) may offer and
sell from time to time, in one or more series or issuances and on terms that Net Element will determine at the time of the offering,
any combination of the securities described in this prospectus, up to an aggregate amount of $50,000,000. This prospectus may not be used to sell securities
unless accompanied by a prospectus supplement, which will describe the method and the terms of the offering. We will provide you
with specific amount, price and terms of the applicable offered securities in one or more supplements to this prospectus. You
should carefully read this prospectus and the applicable prospectus supplement, as well as the documents incorporated or deemed
to be incorporated by reference in this prospectus, before you purchase any of the securities offered hereby. These securities may be offered and sold in
the same offering or in separate offerings; to or through underwriters, dealers, and agents; or directly to purchasers. The names
of any underwriters, dealers, or agents involved in the sale of our securities, their compensation and any over-allotment options
held by them will be described in the applicable prospectus supplement. See “Plan of Distribution.” Our common stock is listed on The NASDAQ Capital
Market under the symbol “NETE.” The last sale price of our common stock on January 5, 2016, as report by The NASDAQ
Capital Market, was $0.1979. Our outstanding warrants are quoted on the Over-the-Counter Bulletin Board under the symbol “NETEW.”
We will provide information in any applicable prospectus supplement regarding any listing of securities other than shares of our
common stock on any securities exchange. Investing in our securities involves significant
risks. Prior to making an investment decision, you should carefully review the information under the heading “Risk Factors”
beginning on page 8 of this prospectus. Neither the Securities and Exchange Commission
nor any state securities commission has approved or disapproved of the securities to be issued under this prospectus or determined
if this prospectus is truthful or complete. Any representation to the contrary is a criminal offense. The date
of this prospectus is January 7, 2016. Table
of Contents Page
ABOUT THIS PROSPECTUS | 1
PROSPECTUS SUMMARY | 2
INFORMATION CONCERNING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS | 7
RISK FACTORS | 8
USE OF PROCEEDS | 9
DESCRIPTION OF CAPITAL STOCK | 9
DESCRIPTION OF WARRANTS | 11
DESCRIPTION OF UNITS | 12
DESCRIPTION OF SUBSCRIPTION RIGHTS | 12
DESCRIPTION OF DEBT SECURITIES | 13
PLAN OF DISTRIBUTION | 23
INFORMATION WITH RESPECT TO REGISTRANT | 26
SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT | 26
LEGAL MATTERS | 29
EXPERTS | 29
WHERE YOU CAN FIND MORE INFORMATION | 29
INFORMATION INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE | 29 i ABOUT THIS PROSPECTUS This prospectus is part of a registration statement
on Form S-1 that we filed with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”), using a “shelf”
registration process. Under this shelf process, we may, from time to time, offer or sell any combination of the securities described
in this prospectus in one or more offerings up to a total amount of $50,000,000. This prospectus provides you with a general
description of the securities we may offer. Each time we sell securities, we will provide a prospectus supplement that will contain
specific information about the terms of that offering. The prospectus supplement may also add to, update or change information
contained in the prospectus and, accordingly, to the extent inconsistent, information in this prospectus is superseded by the
information in the prospectus supplement. The prospectus supplement to be attached to
the front of this prospectus may describe, as applicable: the terms of the securities offered; the initial public offering price;
the price paid for the securities; net proceeds; and the other specific terms related to the offering of the securities. You should rely only on the information contained
or incorporated by reference in this prospectus and any prospectus supplement or issuer free writing prospectus relating to a
particular offering. No one has been authorized to provide you with information that is different from that contained or incorporated
by reference in this prospectus, any accompanying prospectus supplement and any related issuer free writing prospectus in connection
with the offering described herein and therein, and, if given or made, such information or representations must not be relied
upon as having been authorized by us. Neither this prospectus nor any prospectus supplement nor any related issuer free writing
prospectus shall constitute an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to buy offered securities in any jurisdiction in which
it is unlawful for such person to make such an offering or solicitation. This prospectus does not contain all of the information
included in the registration statement. For a more complete understanding of the offering of the securities, you should refer
to the registration statement, including its exhibits. You should read the entire prospectus and any
prospectus supplement and any related issuer free writing prospectus, as well as the documents incorporated by reference into
this prospectus or any prospectus supplement or any related issuer free writing prospectus, before making an investment decision.
Neither the delivery of this prospectus or any prospectus supplement or any issuer free writing prospectus nor any sale made hereunder
shall under any circumstances imply that the information contained or incorporated by reference herein or in any prospectus supplement
or issuer free writing prospectus is correct as of any date subsequent to the date hereof or of such prospectus supplement or
issuer free writing prospectus, as applicable. You should assume that the information appearing in this prospectus, any prospectus
supplement or any document incorporated by reference is accurate only as of the date of the applicable documents, regardless of
the time of delivery of this prospectus or any sale of securities. Our business, financial condition, results of operations and
prospects may have changed since that date. 1 PROSPECTUS SUMMARY This summary description about us and our business highlights
selected information contained elsewhere in this prospectus or incorporated herein by reference. This summary is not complete
and does not contain all of the information that you should consider before deciding to invest in our securities. We urge you
to carefully read this entire prospectus and any applicable prospectus supplement, including each of the documents incorporated
herein or therein by reference, including the “Risk Factors” section and the financial statements and related notes. Information About the Company Background and Business Company Overview Net Element, Inc. is a financial technology-driven
group specializing in mobile payments and other transactional services in emerging countries and in the United States. We are
differentiated by our proprietary technology which enables us to provide a broad suite of payment products, end-to-end transaction
processing services and superior client support. We have three reportable segments: (i) U.S. payment processing, (ii) Emerging
market online commerce and payment processing and (iii) Mobile commerce (primarily in Russian Federation and CIS). We are able
to deliver these services across multiple points of access, or “multi-channel,” including brick and mortar locations,
software integration, e-commerce, mobile operator billing, mobile and tablet-based solutions. In the United States, via our U.S.
based subsidiaries, we generate revenues from transactional services and other payment technologies for small and medium-sized
businesses. Through TOT Group Russia and Net Element Russia, we provide transactional services, mobile payment transactions, online
payment transactions and other payment technologies in emerging countries in the Russian Federation, Commonwealth of Independent
States (“CIS”), Europe and Asia. Business Our transactional services business
enables merchants to accept credit cards as well as other forms of payment, including debit cards, checks, gift cards, loyalty
programs and alternative payment methods in traditional card-present or swipe transactions, as well as card-not-present transactions,
such as those conducted over the phone or through the Internet or a mobile device. We market and sell our services through both
independent sales groups (“ISGs”), which are non-employee, external sales organizations and other third party resellers
of our products and services, and directly to merchants through electronic media, telemarketing and other programs, including
utilizing partnerships with other companies that market products and services to local and international merchants. In addition,
we partner with banks such as BMO Harris Bank, N.A. in the United States and VTB Bank, Bank of Moscow, Raiffeisen Bank, Kazkommertsbank,
and Rietumu Bank in the Russian Federation, CIS, Europe and Asia to sponsor us for membership in Visa ® ,
MasterCard ® and/or other card associations and to settle transactions with merchants. We perform
core functions for merchants such as application processing, underwriting, account set-up, risk management, fraud detection, merchant
assistance and support, equipment deployment and chargeback services. Our mobile payments business, Digital Provider,
LLC (f/k/a Tot Money, LLC) (“Digital Provider”) provides carrier-integrated mobile payments solutions. Our relationships
with mobile operators give us substantial geographic coverage, a strong capacity for innovation in mobile payments and messaging,
and the ability to offer our clients’ in-app, premium SMS, online and carrier billing services. We also market our
own branded content which is a new business line for our mobile payments business. Aptito is a proprietary, next-generation, cloud-based
payments platform for the hospitality industry, which creates an online consumer experience in offline commerce environments via
tablet, mobile and all other cloud-connected devices. Aptito’s easy to use point-of-sale (“POS”) system makes
things easier by providing comprehensive solution to the hospitality industry to help streamline management and operations. Orders
placed tableside by customers directly speed up the ordering process and improve overall efficiency. Aptito's mobile POS system
provides portability to the staff while performing all the same functions as a traditional POS system, and more. 2 PayOnline provides flexible high-tech
payment solutions to companies doing business on the Internet or in the mobile environment. PayOnline specializes in integration
and customization of payment solutions for websites and mobile apps. In particular, PayOnline arranges payment on the website
of any commercial organization, which increases the convenience of using the website and helps maximize the number of successful
transactions. In addition, PayOnline is focused on providing online and mobile payment acceptance services to the travel industry
through direct integration with leading Global Distribution Systems, which includes Amadeus® and Sabre®. Key regions of
the PayOnline company are: the CIS, Eastern Europe, Central Asia, Western Europe, North America and Asia major sub regions. PayOnline
offices are located in Russia and in the Republic of Cyprus. Recent Developments In 2015, we completed a number of transactions
and other changes in pursuit of our strategy of enhancing financial results, creating a strong operational foundation and competitive
advantage. We believe such transactions and actions have focused and strengthened our company and improved our capital structure
and cash flow. On May 20, 2015, our subsidiaries TOT Group
Europe, Ltd. and TOT Group Russia LLC, each a subsidiary of the Company, entered into an agreement to acquire all of the assets
and liabilities that comprise PayOnline (the “PayOnline Acquisition Agreement”). PayOnline’s business includes
the operation of a protected payment processing system to accept bank card payments for goods and services. Purchase consideration
consisted of a combination of $3.6 million in cash, and restricted common shares with a value of $3.6 million, payable in five
quarterly installments, and, if applicable, additional earn-out payments in cash and restricted common shares based on a multiple
of EBITDA. The PayOnline Acquisition Agreement sets forth the determination of the value of such shares based on the closing stock
price on the date before each applicable payment date. During the period ended September 30, 2015, we recorded a charge of $196,086
relating to the earn-out provision, of which $80,173 remains payable at September 30, 2015. On August 11, 2015, TOT Group Europe,
Ltd. and ТOT Group Russia LLC formally completed the transfer to TOT Group Europe, Ltd. and ТOT Group Russia LLC of
all of the issued and outstanding equity interests of the entities comprising PayOnline pursuant to the PayOnline Acquisition
Agreement. On June 19, 2015, we received an initial deficiency
letter from The NASDAQ Capital Market indicating that for 30 consecutive trading days our common stock had a closing bid price
below the $1.00 per share minimum. In accordance with NASDAQ Listing Rules, we were provided a compliance period of 180 calendar
days, or until December 16, 2015, to regain compliance with this requirement. On December 17, 2015, we received a letter from
The NASDAQ Capital Market notifying us that the initial period of 180 calendar days previously provided to the Company to regain
compliance with the requirement was extended for an additional 180 calendar day period, or until June 13, 2016. We can regain
compliance with the minimum closing bid price requirement if the bid price of our Common Stock closes at $1.00 per share or higher
for a minimum of 10 consecutive business days. If we do not regain compliance with the minimum closing bid price requirement by
June 13, 2016, The NASDAQ Capital Market will provide written notice that our securities are subject to delisting. At such time,
we would be entitled to appeal the delisting determination to a NASDAQ Listing Qualifications Panel. We committed to effectuate
a reverse stock split (which was approved by the Company’s stockholders at a special meeting of stockholders held by the
Company in November of 2015) within such additional period to regain compliance (assuming the NASDAQ bid price requirement is
not otherwise satisfied within such period). On December 1, 2015, the Company, certain qualified
institutional investors and certain institutional accredited investors (each, an “Investor” and, collectively, the
“Investors”) party to those certain two letter agreements, each dated August 4, 2015 and filed as Exhibits 10.1 and
10.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on August 4, 2015 (collectively,
the “Letter Agreements”) entered into amendments to the Letter Agreements (collectively, the “Amendments”).
Pursuant to the Amendments, the Investors converted all of the remaining and not yet converted shares of Company’s Series
A Convertible Preferred Stock, par value $0.01 per share into shares of the Company’s Common Stock. In addition, pursuant
to the Amendments, all of the Warrants (as defined in the Letter Agreements) previously issued by the Company to the Investors
were terminated and cancelled in exchange for 2,500,000 in the aggregate of shares of the Company’s Common Stock. The Investors
remained subject to the same 10% trading volume limitation as currently in place pursuant to the Letter Agreements. 3 Our Corporate Organization Our Company was formed in 2010 and incorporated
as a Cayman Islands exempted company with limited liability under the name Cazador Acquisition Corporation Ltd. (“Cazador”).
Cazador was a blank check company incorporated for the purpose of effecting a merger; share capital exchange; asset acquisition;
share purchase; reorganization or similar business combination with one or more operating businesses or assets. In 2012, Cazador
completed a merger (the “Merger”) with Net Element, Inc., a Delaware corporation (“Pre-Merger Net Element”),
which was a company with businesses in the online media and mobile commerce payment processing markets. Immediately prior to the
effectiveness of the Merger, the Company (then known as Cazador Acquisition Corporation Ltd.) changed its jurisdiction of incorporation
by discontinuing as an exempted company in the Cayman Islands and continuing and domesticating as a corporation incorporated under
the laws of the State of Delaware. Effective upon consummation of the Merger, (i) Pre-Merger Net Element was merged with and into
the Company, resulting in Pre-Merger Net Element ceasing to exist and the Company continuing as the surviving company in the Merger,
and (ii) the Company changed its name to Net Element International, Inc. In 2013, the Company divested its non-core entertainment
assets. In December 2013, the Company changed its name to Net Element, Inc. We entered the mobile payments business through the
launch of TOT Money in Russia in 2012. We entered the financial technology and value-added transactional service business through
the acquisitions of Unified Payments in April 2013 and Aptito in June 2013. Additional Information Our principal office is located at 3363 NE
163 rd Street, Suite 705, North Miami Beach, Florida 33160, and our main telephone number is (305) 507-8808. Our
website address is www.netelement.com. The information on our website is not a part of, and should not be construed as being incorporated
by reference into, this prospectus. The Offering Issuer | Net Element, Inc.
Securities offered by us | Up to $50,000,000 of common stock, preferred stock, warrants, units, subscription rights, and/or debt securities in one or more offerings and in any combination Common Stock: We may offer shares of our common stock, par value $0.0001 per share, either alone or underlying other registered securities convertible or exercisable into our common stock. Each holder of our common stock is entitled to a pro rata share of cash distributions made to our stockholders, including dividend payments, if any, as may be declared by our board of directors from funds legally available therefore. The holders of our common stock are entitled to one vote for each share of record on all matters to be voted on by our stockholders. In the event of our liquidation, dissolution or winding up, the holders of our common stock are entitled to share ratably in all assets remaining available for distribution to them after payment of our liabilities and after provision has been made for each class of stock, if any, having any preference in relation to our common stock. Holders of our common stock have no conversion, preemptive or other subscription rights, and there are no redemption provisions applicable to our common stock. 4 Preferred Stock: Our board of directors has the authority, without further action by the stockholders, to issue from time to time the preferred stock in one or more series, to fix the number of shares constituting such series and the designation of such series, the voting powers, if any, of the shares of such series, and the preferences and relative, participating, optional or other special rights, if any, and any qualifications, limitations or restrictions thereof, of the shares of such series. Each series of preferred stock will be more fully described in the particular prospectus supplement that will accompany this prospectus. Each series of preferred stock, if issued, will be more fully described in the particular prospectus supplement that will accompany this prospectus, including redemption provisions, rights in the event of our liquidation, dissolution or winding up, voting rights and rights to convert into common stock. We have no present plans to issue any shares of preferred stock nor are any shares of our preferred stock presently outstanding. Warrants: We may issue warrants for the purchase of common stock, preferred stock, units, or debt securities. We may issue warrants independently or together with other securities. Units: We may issue units comprised of one or more of the other classes of securities issued by us as described in this prospectus in any combination. Each unit will be issued so that the holder of the unit is also the holder of each security included in the unit. Subscription Rights: We may issue subscription rights to purchase common stock, preferred stock, debt securities, or other securities described in this prospectus or any combination thereof. These subscription rights may be issued independently or together with any other security offered by us and may or may not be transferable by the securityholder receiving the subscription rights in such offering. In connection with any offering of subscription rights, we may enter into a standby arrangement with one or more underwriters or other investors pursuant to which the underwriters or other investors may be required to purchase any securities remaining unsubscribed for after such offering. Debt Securities: We may offer secured or unsecured obligations in the form of one or more series of senior or subordinated debt. The senior debt securities and the subordinated debt securities are together referred to in this prospectus as the “debt securities.” The senior debt securities will have the same rank as all of our other unsubordinated debt. The subordinated debt securities generally will be entitled to payment only after payment of our senior debt. Senior debt generally includes all debt for money borrowed by us, except debt that is stated in the instrument governing the terms of that debt to be not senior to, or to have the same rank in right of payment as, or to be expressly junior to, the subordinated debt securities. We may issue debt securities that are convertible into shares of our common stock. The senior and subordinated debt securities will be issued under separate indentures between us and a trustee. We have summarized the general features of the debt securities to be governed by the indentures.
Common stock outstanding | 112,334,601 shares issued and outstanding as of January 6, 2016. 5 Use of proceeds | Unless otherwise indicated in the prospectus supplement, we will use the net proceeds from the sale of securities offered by this prospectus primarily for general corporate purposes, including working capital, sales and marketing activities, general and administrative matters, repayment of indebtedness, and capital expenditures. We may also use a portion of the proceeds to acquire or invest in complementary products or businesses. We have not yet determined the amount of net proceeds to be used specifically for any of the foregoing purposes. Accordingly, our management will have broad discretion over the uses of such proceeds. The specific allocations of the proceeds we receive from the sale of our securities will be described in the applicable prospectus supplement.
The NASDAQ Capital Market symbol | NETE
Fees and Expense | We will pay the fees and expenses related to the Offering.
Risk Factors | You should consider carefully all of the information set forth in this prospectus supplement and in particular, the information under the heading “Risk Factors” beginning on page 8 prior to investing in our Common Stock. 6 INFORMATION CONCERNING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS This prospectus, including the documents incorporated
by reference herein, contains statements that do not directly or exclusively relate to historical facts. Such statements are “forward-looking
statements.” You can typically identify forward-looking statements by the use of forward-looking words, such as “may,”
“will,” “could,” “project,” “believe,” “anticipate,” “expect,”
“estimate,” “continue,” “potential,” “plan,” “forecast” and other
similar words. These include, but are not limited to, statements relating to our future financial and operating results, plans,
objectives, expectations and intentions and other statements that are not historical facts. These statements represent our intentions,
plans, expectations, assumptions and beliefs about future events and are subject to risks, uncertainties and other factors. Many
of these factors are outside of our control and could cause actual results to differ materially from the results expressed or
implied by these forward-looking statements. In addition to the risk factors described under “Risk Factors” beginning
on page 8 of this prospectus, these factors include: · | the impact of any new or changed laws, regulations, card network rules or other industry standards affecting our business, including the U.S. government decision to impose sanctions or other legal restrictions that may restrict our ability to do business in Russia; · | the impact of any significant chargeback liability and liability for merchant or customer fraud, which we may not be able to accurately anticipate and/or collect; · | our ability to secure or successfully migrate merchant portfolios to new bank sponsors if current sponsorships are terminated; · | our and our bank sponsors’ ability to adhere to the standards of the Visa® and MasterCard® payment card associations; · | our reliance on third-party processors and service providers; · | our dependence on independent sales groups (“ISGs”) that do not serve us exclusively to introduce us to new merchant accounts; · | our ability to pass along increases in interchange costs and other costs to our merchants; · | our ability to protect against unauthorized disclosure of merchant and cardholder data, whether through breach of our computer systems or otherwise; · | the effect of the loss of key personnel on our relationships with ISGs, card associations, bank sponsors and our other service providers; · | the effects of increased competition, which could adversely impact our financial performance; · | the impact of any increase in attrition due to an increase in closed merchant accounts and/or a decrease in merchant charge volume that we cannot anticipate or offset with new accounts; · | the effect of adverse business conditions on our merchants; · | our ability to adopt technology to meet changing industry and customer needs or trends; · | the impact of any decline in the use of credit cards as a payment mechanism for consumers or adverse developments with respect to the credit card industry in general; · | the impact of any adverse conditions in industries in which we obtain a substantial amount of our bankcard processing volume; 7 · | the impact of seasonality on our operating results; · | the impact of any failure in our systems due to factors beyond our control; · | the impact of any material breaches in the security of third-party processing systems we use; · | the impact of any new and potential governmental regulations designed to protect or limit access to consumer information; · | the impact on our profitability if we are required to pay federal, state or local taxes on transaction processing; · | the impact on our growth and profitability if the markets for the services that we offer fail to expand or if such markets contract; · | our ability (or inability) to continue as a going concern; · | the willingness of the Company’s majority stockholders, and/or other affiliates of the Company, to continue investing in the Company’s business to fund working capital requirements; · | the Company’s ability (or inability) to obtain additional financing in sufficient amounts or on acceptable terms when needed; · | the impact on our operating results as a result of impairment of our goodwill and intangible assets; · | our material weaknesses in internal control over financial reporting and our ability to maintain effective controls over financial reporting in the future; and · | the other factors identified in the section of this prospectus entitled “Risk Factors.” Forward-looking statements are based on our
current expectations about future events. Although we believe that the expectations reflected in the forward-looking statements
are reasonable, these expectations may not be achieved. We are under no duty to update any of the forward-looking statements after
the date of this prospectus to conform those statements to actual results. In evaluating these statements, you should consider
various factors, including the risks outlined in the section entitled “Risk Factors” beginning on page 8 of this prospectus. RISK FACTORS An investment in our securities involves a
high degree of risk. Before making an investment decision, you should consider carefully the risks discussed below, together with
the risks under the heading “Risk Factors” in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31,
2014 and our Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q for the quarters ended March 31, 2015, June 30, 2015 and September 30, 2015, which
are incorporated by reference into this prospectus, as well as the other information included or incorporated by reference in
this prospectus. Our business, prospects, financial condition, or operating results could be harmed by any of these risks, as
well as other risks not currently known to us or that we currently consider immaterial. The trading price of our securities could
decline due to any of these risks, and, as a result, you may lose all or part of your investment. The prospectus supplement applicable
to each offering of securities will contain additional information about risks applicable to an investment in us and the applicable
securities. 8 Our Common Stock may be delisted from The NASDAQ Capital
Market, which could affect its market price and liquidity. We are required to continually meet the listing requirements of
The NASDAQ Capital Market (including a minimum bid price for our common stock of $1.00 per share) to maintain the listing of our
common stock on The NASDAQ Capital Market. On June 19, 2015, we received a deficiency letter from The NASDAQ Capital Market
indicating that for 30 consecutive trading days our common stock had a closing bid price below the $1.00 per share minimum. In
accordance with NASDAQ Listing Rules, we were provided a compliance period of 180 calendar days, or until December 16, 2015,
to regain compliance with this requirement. On December 17, 2015, we received a letter from The NASDAQ Capital Market notifying
us that the initial period of 180 calendar days previously provided to the Company to regain compliance with the requirement was
extended for an additional 180 calendar day period, or until June 13, 2016. We can regain compliance with the minimum closing
bid price requirement if the bid price of our Common Stock closes at $1.00 per share or higher for a minimum of 10 consecutive
business days. If we do not regain compliance with the minimum closing bid price requirement by June 13, 2016, The NASDAQ Capital
Market will provide written notice that our securities are subject to delisting. At such time, we would be entitled to appeal
the delisting determination to a NASDAQ Listing Qualifications Panel. We cannot provide any assurance that our stock
price will recover within the permitted grace period. If our Common Stock is delisted, it could be more difficult to buy or sell
our Common Stock and to obtain accurate quotations, and the price of our stock could suffer a material decline. USE OF PROCEEDS Unless otherwise indicated in the prospectus
supplement, we will use the net proceeds from the sale of securities offered by this prospectus primarily for general corporate
purposes, including working capital, sales and marketing activities, general and administrative matters, repayment of indebtedness,
and capital expenditures. We may also use a portion of the proceeds to acquire or invest in complementary products or businesses. We have not yet determined the amount of net
proceeds to be used specifically for any of the foregoing purposes. Accordingly, our management will have broad discretion over
the uses of such proceeds. The specific allocations of the proceeds we receive from the sale of our securities will be described
in the applicable prospectus supplement. DESCRIPTION OF CAPITAL STOCK The following information
describes our common stock and preferred stock, as well as provisions of our certificate of incorporation and bylaws. This description
is only a summary. You should also refer to our certificate of incorporation and bylaws, both as filed with the SEC as exhibits
to our registration statement, of which this prospectus forms a part. Common Stock We are authorized to issue up to 300,000,000
shares of common stock, par value $0.0001 per share. As of January 6, 2016, approximately 112,334,601 shares of common stock were
outstanding. All outstanding shares of our common stock are fully paid and non-assessable. Each holder of our common stock is entitled
to a pro rata share of cash distributions made to our stockholders, including dividend payments. The holders of our common stock
are entitled to receive dividends when, as and if declared by our board of directors from funds legally available therefore. Cash
dividends will be paid at the sole discretion of our board of directors. The holders of our common stock are entitled
to one vote for each share of record on all matters to be voted on by our stockholders. There is no cumulative voting with respect
to the election of our directors or any other matter. Therefore, the holders of more than 50% of the shares of our common stock
voting for the election of our directors can elect all of our directors. In the event of our liquidation, dissolution
or winding up, the holders of our common stock are entitled to share ratably in all assets remaining available for distribution
to them after payment of our liabilities and after provision has been made for each class of stock, if any, having any preference
in relation to our common stock. 9 Holders of our common stock have no conversion,
preemptive or other subscription rights, and there are no redemption provisions applicable to our common stock. Preferred Stock The following description of preferred stock
and the description of the terms of any particular series of preferred stock that we choose to issue hereunder and that will be
set forth in the related prospectus supplement are not complete. These descriptions are qualified in their entirety by reference
to our certificate of incorporation and any amendments thereto relating to any series of preferred stock. The rights, preferences,
privileges and restrictions of the preferred stock of each series will be fixed by the certificate of designation relating to
that series. The prospectus supplement also will contain a description of certain United States federal income tax consequences
relating to the purchase and ownership of the series of preferred stock that is described in the prospectus supplement. Under the terms of our certificate of incorporation,
our board of directors has the authority, without further action by the stockholders, to issue from time to time the preferred
stock in one or more series, to fix the number of shares constituting such series and the designation of such series, the voting
powers, if any, of the shares of such series, and the preferences and relative, participating, optional or other special rights,
if any, and any qualifications, limitations or restrictions thereof, of the shares of such series. The prospectus supplement for a series of preferred
stock will specify: · | the maximum number of shares; · | the designation of the shares; · | the annual dividend rate, if any, whether the dividend rate is fixed or variable, the date or dates on which dividends will accrue, the dividend payment dates, and whether dividends will be cumulative; · | the price and the terms and conditions for redemption, if any, including redemption at our option or at the option of the holders, including the time period for redemption, and any accumulated dividends or premiums; · | the liquidation preference, if any, and any accumulated dividends upon the liquidation, dissolution or winding up of our affairs; · | any sinking fund or similar provision, and, if so, the terms and provisions relating to the purpose and operation of the fund; · | the terms and conditions, if any, for conversion or exchange of shares of any other class or classes of our capital stock or any series of any other class or classes, or of any other series of the same class, or any other securities or assets, including the price or the rate of conversion or exchange and the method, if any, of adjustment; · | the voting rights; and · | any or all other preferences and relative, participating, optional or other special rights, privileges or qualifications, limitations or restrictions. The issuance of preferred stock will affect,
and may adversely affect, the rights of holders of common stock. It is not possible to state the actual effect of the issuance
of any shares of preferred stock on the rights of holders of common stock until our board of directors determines the specific
rights attached to that preferred stock. The effects of issuing preferred stock could include one or more of the following: · | restricting dividends on the common stock; · | diluting the voting power of the common stock; · | impairing the liquidation rights of the common stock; or · | delaying or preventing changes in control or management of our company. We have no present plans to issue any shares
of preferred stock nor are any shares of our preferred stock presently outstanding. Preferred stock will be fully paid and nonassessable
upon issuance. 10 Summary of Certain Provisions of Certificate of Incorporation
and Bylaws Our certificate of incorporation and bylaws,
as applicable, among other things, (1) provide our board with the ability to alter the bylaws without stockholder approval, and
(2) provide that vacancies on our board of directors may be filled by a majority of directors in office. These provisions, while
designed to reduce vulnerability to an unsolicited acquisition proposal, and to discourage certain tactics used in proxy fights,
may negatively impact a third-party’s decision to acquire us even if it would be beneficial to our stockholders. Anti-Takeover Effects of Delaware Law and Certificate of Incorporation
and Bylaws We are subject to the Delaware anti-takeover
laws regulating corporate takeovers, including Section 203 of the Delaware General Corporation Law (“DGCL”). These
anti-takeover laws prevent Delaware corporations from engaging in a merger or sale of more than 10% of its assets with any stockholder,
including all affiliates and associates of the stockholder, who owns 15% or more of the corporation’s outstanding voting
stock, for three years following the date that the stockholder acquired 15% or more of the corporation’s assets unless: · | the board of directors approved the transaction in which the stockholder acquired 15% or more of the corporation’s assets; · | after the transaction in which the stockholder acquired 15% or more of the corporation’s assets, the stockholder owned at least 85% of the corporation’s outstanding voting stock, excluding shares owned by directors, officers and employee stock plans in which employee participants do not have the right to determine confidentially whether shares held under the plan will be tendered in a tender or exchange offer; or · | on or after this date, the merger or sale is approved by the board of directors and the holders of at least two-thirds (2/3) of the outstanding voting stock that is not owned by the stockholder. A Delaware corporation may opt out of the Delaware
anti-takeover laws if its certificate of incorporation or bylaws so provides. We have not opted out of the provisions of the anti-takeover
laws. As such, these laws could prohibit or delay mergers or other takeover or change of control of us and may discourage attempts
by other companies to acquire us even if it would be beneficial to stockholders. DESCRIPTION OF WARRANTS As of September 30, 2015, we had a class of
warrants outstanding to purchase an aggregate of 8,938,900 shares of our common stock. Such warrants provide for an exercise price
of $7.50 per share, subject to adjustment, and are scheduled to expire at 5:00 p.m., New York time, on October 2, 2017, or earlier
upon redemption. We may issue additional classes of warrants
for the purchase of common stock, preferred stock, or debt securities, or a combination thereof. Warrants may be issued independently
or together with common stock, preferred stock, or debt securities and may be attached to or separate from any offered securities.
Each series of warrants will be issued under a separate warrant agreement. This summary of some provisions of the warrants is
not complete. You should refer to the warrant agreement relating to the specific warrants being offered for the complete terms
of the warrants. The particular terms of any issue of warrants
will be described in the prospectus supplement relating to the issue. Those terms may include: · | the number of shares of common stock or preferred stock purchasable upon the exercise of warrants to purchase such shares and the price at which such number of shares may be purchased upon such exercise; 11 · | the designation, stated value and terms (including, without limitation, liquidation, dividend, conversion and voting rights) of the series of preferred stock purchasable upon exercise of warrants to purchase preferred stock; · | the principal amount of debt securities that may be purchased upon exercise of a debt warrant and the exercise price for the warrants, which may be payable in cash, securities or other property; · | the date on which the right to exercise the warrants will commence and the date on which the right will expire; · | United States Federal income tax consequences applicable to the warrants; · | provision for changes to or adjustments in the exercise price; and · | any additional terms of the warrants, including terms, procedures, and limitations relating to the exchange, exercise and settlement of the warrants. Holders of equity warrants will not be entitled
to: · | vote, consent or receive dividends; · | receive notice as stockholders with respect to any meeting of stockholders for the election of our directors or any other matter; or · | exercise any rights as stockholders of Net Element. Debt warrant certificates
will be exchangeable for new debt warrant certificates of different denominations. Debt warrants may be exercised at the corporate
trust office of the warrant agent or any other office indicated in the prospectus supplement. Prior to the exercise of their debt
warrants, holders of debt warrants will not have any of the rights of holders of the debt securities purchasable upon exercise
and will not be entitled to payment of principal or any premium, if any, or interest on the debt securities purchasable upon exercise. DESCRIPTION OF UNITS We may issue units comprised of one or more
of the other classes of securities described in this prospectus in any combination. Each unit will be issued so that the holder
of the unit is also the holder of each security included in the unit. Thus, the holder of a unit will have the rights and obligations
of a holder of each included security. The units may be issued under unit agreements to be entered into between us and a unit
agent, as detailed in the prospectus supplement relating to the units being offered. The prospectus supplement will describe: · | the designation and terms of the units and of the securities comprising the units, including whether and under what circumstances the securities comprising the units may be held or transferred separately; · | a description of the terms of any unit agreement governing the units; · | a description of the provisions for the payment, settlement, transfer or exchange of the units; · | a discussion of material federal income tax considerations, if applicable; and · | whether the units if issued as a separate security will be issued in fully registered or global form. The descriptions of the units in this prospectus
and in any prospectus supplement are summaries of the material provisions of the applicable agreements. These descriptions do
not restate those agreements in their entirety and may not contain all the information that you may find useful. We urge you to
read the applicable agreements because they, and not the summaries, define your rights as holders of the units. For more information,
please review the forms of the relevant agreements, which will be filed with the SEC promptly after the offering of units and
will be available as described under the heading “Where You Can Find More Information.” DESCRIPTION OF SUBSCRIPTION RIGHTS We may issue subscription rights to purchase
common stock, preferred stock, debt securities, or other securities described in this prospectus or any combination thereof. These
subscription rights may be issued independently or together with any other security offered by us and may or may not be transferable
by the securityholder receiving the subscription rights in such offering. In connection with any offering of subscription rights,
we may enter into a standby arrangement with one or more underwriters or other investors pursuant to which the underwriters or
other investors may be required to purchase any securities remaining unsubscribed for after such offering. 12 To the extent appropriate, the applicable prospectus
supplement will describe the specific terms of the subscription rights to purchase shares of our securities offered thereby, including
the following: · | the date of determining the securityholders entitled to the rights distribution; · | the price, if any, for the subscription rights; · | the exercise price payable for the common stock, preferred stock or other securities upon the exercise of the subscription right; · | the number of subscription rights issued to each securityholder; · | the amount of common stock, preferred stock, depositary shares or other securities that may be purchased per each subscription right; · | any provisions for adjustment of the amount of securities receivable upon exercise of the subscription rights or of the exercise price of the subscription rights; · | the extent to which the subscription rights are transferable; · | the date on which the right to exercise the subscription rights shall commence, and the date on which the subscription rights shall expire; · | the extent to which the subscription rights may include an over-subscription privilege with respect to unsubscribed securities; · | the material terms of any standby underwriting or purchase arrangement entered into by us in connection with the offering of subscription rights; · | any applicable federal income tax considerations; and · | any other terms of the subscription rights, including the terms, procedures and limitations relating to the transferability, exchange and exercise of the subscription rights. DESCRIPTION OF THE DEBT SECURITIES The debt securities may
be either secured or unsecured and will either be our senior debt securities or our subordinated debt securities. The debt securities
will be issued under one or more separate indentures between us and a trustee to be specified in an accompanying prospectus supplement.
Senior debt securities will be issued under a senior indenture and subordinated debt securities will be issued under a subordinated
indenture. Together, the senior indenture and the subordinated indenture are called indentures in this description. This prospectus,
together with the applicable prospectus supplement, will describe the terms of a particular series of debt securities. The following is a summary of selected provisions
and definitions of the indentures and debt securities to which any prospectus supplement may relate. The summary of selected provisions
of the indentures and the debt securities appearing below is not complete and is subject to, and qualified entirely by reference
to, all of the provisions of the applicable indenture and certificates evidencing the applicable debt securities. For additional
information, you should look at the applicable indenture and the certificate evidencing the applicable debt security that is filed
as an exhibit to the registration statement that includes the prospectus or that will be filed on a Current Report on Form 8-K
relating to the applicable offering. Other specific terms of the applicable indenture and debt securities will be described in
the applicable prospectus supplement. If any particular terms of the indenture or debt securities described in a prospectus supplement
differ from any of the terms described below, then the terms described below will be deemed to have been superseded by that prospectus
supplement. General Debt securities may be
issued in separate series without limitation as to aggregate principal amount. We may specify a maximum aggregate principal amount
for the debt securities of any series. 13 We are not limited as
to the amount of debt securities we may issue under the indentures. Unless otherwise provided in a prospectus supplement, a series
of debt securities may be reopened to issue additional debt securities of such series. The prospectus supplement
relating to a particular series of debt securities will set forth: · | whether the debt securities are senior or subordinated; · | the offering price; · | the title; · | any limit on the aggregate principal amount; · | the person who shall be entitled to receive interest, if other than the record holder on the record date; · | the date or dates the principal will be payable; · | the interest rate or rates, which may be fixed or variable, if any, the date from which interest will accrue, the interest payment dates and the regular record dates, or the method for calculating the dates and rates; · | the place where payments may be made; · | any mandatory or optional redemption provisions or sinking fund provisions and any applicable redemption or purchase prices associated with these provisions; · | if issued other than in denominations of U.S. $1,000 or any multiple of U.S. $1,000, the denominations in which the debt securities shall be issuable; · | if applicable, the method for determining how the principal, premium, if any, or interest will be calculated by reference to an index or formula; · | if other than U.S. currency, the currency or currency units in which principal, premium, if any, or interest will be payable and whether we or a holder may elect payment to be made in a different currency; · | the portion of the principal amount that will be payable upon acceleration of maturity, if other than the entire principal amount; · | if the principal amount payable at stated maturity will not be determinable as of any date prior to stated maturity, the amount or method for determining the amount which will be deemed to be the principal amount; · | if applicable, whether the debt securities shall be subject to the defeasance provisions described below under “Satisfaction and discharge; defeasance” or such other defeasance provisions specified in the applicable prospectus supplement for the debt securities; · | any conversion or exchange provisions; · | whether the debt securities will be issuable in the form of a global security; · | any subordination provisions applicable to the subordinated debt securities if different from those described below under “—Subordinated debt securities”; 14 · | any paying agents, authenticating agents, security registrars or other agents for the debt securities, if other than the trustee; · | any provisions relating to any security provided for the debt securities, including any provisions regarding the circumstances under which collateral may be released or substituted; · | any deletions of, or changes or additions to, the events of default, acceleration provisions or covenants; · | any provisions relating to guaranties for the securities and any circumstances under which there may be additional obligors; and · | any other specific terms of such debt securities. Unless otherwise specified
in the prospectus supplement, the debt securities will be registered debt securities. Debt securities may be sold at a substantial
discount below their stated principal amount, bearing no interest or interest at a rate which at time of issuance is below market
rates. The U.S. federal income tax considerations applicable to debt securities sold at a discount will be described in the applicable
prospectus supplement. Exchange and transfer Debt securities may be
transferred or exchanged at the office of the security registrar or at the office of any transfer agent designated by us. We will not impose a service
charge for any transfer or exchange, but we may require holders to pay any tax or other governmental charges associated with any
transfer or exchange. In the event of any partial
redemption of debt securities of any series, we will not be required to: · | issue, register the transfer of, or exchange, any debt security of that series during a period beginning at the opening of business 15 days before the day of mailing of a notice of redemption and ending at the close of business on the day of the mailing; or · | register the transfer of or exchange any debt security of that series selected for redemption, in whole or in part, except the unredeemed portion being redeemed in part. Initially, we will appoint
the trustee as the security registrar. Any transfer agent, in addition to the security registrar initially designated by us, will
be named in the prospectus supplement. We may designate additional transfer agents or change transfer agents or change the office
of the transfer agent. However, we will be required to maintain a transfer agent in each place of payment for the debt securities
of each series. Global securities The debt securities of
any series may be represented, in whole or in part, by one or more global securities. Each global security will: · | be registered in the name of a depositary, or its nominee, that we will identify in a prospectus supplement; · | be deposited with the depositary or nominee or custodian; and · | bear any required legends. No global security may
be exchanged in whole or in part for debt securities registered in the name of any person other than the depositary or any nominee
unless: 15 · | the depositary has notified us that it is unwilling or unable to continue as depositary or has ceased to be qualified to act as depositary; · | an event of default is continuing with respect to the debt securities of the applicable series; or · | any other circumstance described in a prospectus supplement has occurred permitting or requiring the issuance of any such security. As long as the depositary,
or its nominee, is the registered owner of a global security, the depositary or nominee will be considered the sole owner and
holder of the debt securities represented by the global security for all purposes under the indentures. Except in the above limited
circumstances, owners of beneficial interests in a global security will not be: · | entitled to have the debt securities registered in their names; · | entitled to physical delivery of certificated debt securities; or · | considered to be holders of those debt securities under the indenture. Payments on a global security
will be made to the depositary or its nominee as the holder of the global security. Some jurisdictions have laws that require
that certain purchasers of securities take physical delivery of such securities in definitive form. These laws may impair the
ability to transfer beneficial interests in a global security. Institutions that have
accounts with the depositary or its nominee are referred to as “participants.” Ownership of beneficial interests in
a global security will be limited to participants and to persons that may hold beneficial interests through participants. The
depositary will credit, on its book-entry registration and transfer system, the respective principal amounts of debt securities
represented by the global security to the accounts of its participants. Ownership of beneficial
interests in a global security will be shown on and effected through records maintained by the depositary, with respect to participants’
interests, or any participant, with respect to interests of persons held by participants on their behalf. Payments, transfers and
exchanges relating to beneficial interests in a global security will be subject to policies and procedures of the depositary.
The depositary policies and procedures may change from time to time. Neither any trustee nor we will have any responsibility or
liability for the depositary’s or any participant’s records with respect to beneficial interests in a global security. Payment and paying
agents Unless otherwise indicated
in a prospectus supplement, the provisions described in this paragraph will apply to the debt securities. Payment of interest
on a debt security on any interest payment date will be made to the person in whose name the debt security is registered at the
close of business on the regular record date. Payment on debt securities of a particular series will be payable at the office
of a paying agent or paying agents designated by us. However, at our option, we may pay interest by mailing a check to the record
holder. The trustee will be designated as our initial paying agent. We may also name any other
paying agents in a prospectus supplement. We may designate additional paying agents, change paying agents or change the office
of any paying agent. However, we will be required to maintain a paying agent in each place of payment for the debt securities
of a particular series. All moneys paid by us
to a paying agent for payment on any debt security that remain unclaimed for a period ending the earlier of: · | 10 business days prior to the date the money would be turned over to the applicable state; or 16 · | at the end of two years after such payment was due, will be repaid to us thereafter. The holder
may look only to us for such payment. No protection in the
event of a change of control Unless otherwise indicated
in a prospectus supplement with respect to a particular series of debt securities, the debt securities will not contain any provisions
that may afford holders of the debt securities protection in the event we have a change in control or in the event of a highly
leveraged transaction, whether or not such transaction results in a change in control. Covenants Unless otherwise indicated
in a prospectus supplement with respect to a particular series of debt securities, the debt securities will not contain any financial
or restrictive covenants. Consolidation, merger
and sale of assets Unless otherwise indicated
in a prospectus supplement with respect to a particular series of debt securities, we may not consolidate with or merge into any
other person, in a transaction in which we are not the surviving corporation, or convey, transfer or lease our properties and
assets substantially as an entirety to, any entity, unless: · | the successor entity, if any, is a corporation, limited liability company, partnership, trust or other business entity existing under the laws of the United States, any State within the United States or the District of Columbia; · | the successor entity assumes our obligations on the debt securities and under the indentures; · | immediately after giving effect to the transaction, no default or event of default shall have occurred and be continuing; and · | certain other conditions specified in the indenture are met. Events of Default Unless we indicate otherwise
in a prospectus supplement, the following will be events of default for any series of debt securities under the indentures: (1) | we fail to pay principal of or any premium on any debt security of that series when due; (2) | we fail to pay any interest on any debt security of that series for 30 days after it becomes due; (3) | we fail to deposit any sinking fund payment when due; (4) | we fail to perform any other covenant in the indenture and such failure continues for 90 days after we are given the notice required in the indentures; and (5) | certain events including our bankruptcy, insolvency or reorganization. Additional or different
events of default applicable to a series of debt securities may be described in a prospectus supplement. An event of default of
one series of debt securities is not necessarily an event of default for any other series of debt securities. The trustee may withhold
notice to the holders of any default, except defaults in the payment of principal, premium, if any, interest, any sinking fund
installment on, or with respect to any conversion right of, the debt securities of such series. However, the trustee must consider
it to be in the interest of the holders of the debt securities of such series to withhold this notice. 17 Unless we indicate otherwise
in a prospectus supplement, if an event of default, other than an event of default described in clause (5) above, shall occur
and be continuing with respect to any series of debt securities, either the trustee or the holders of at least 25% in aggregate
principal amount of the outstanding securities of that series may declare the principal amount and premium, if any, of the debt
securities of that series, or if any debt securities of that series are original issue discount securities, such other amount
as may be specified in the applicable prospectus supplement, in each case together with accrued and unpaid interest, if any, thereon,
to be due and payable immediately. If an event of default
described in clause (5) above shall occur, the principal amount and premium, if any, of all the debt securities of that series,
or if any debt securities of that series are original issue discount securities, such other amount as may be specified in the
applicable prospectus supplement, in each case together with accrued and unpaid interest, if any, thereon, will automatically
become immediately due and payable. Any payment by us on the subordinated debt securities following any such acceleration will
be subject to the subordination provisions described below under “—Subordinated debt securities.” After acceleration, the
holders of a majority in aggregate principal amount of the outstanding securities of that series may, under certain circumstances,
rescind and annul such acceleration if all events of default, other than the non-payment of accelerated principal, or other specified
amounts or interest, have been cured or waived. Other than the duty to
act with the required care during an event of default, the trustee will not be obligated to exercise any of its rights or powers
at the request of the holders unless the holders shall have offered to the trustee reasonable indemnity. Generally, the holders
of a majority in aggregate principal amount of the outstanding debt securities of any series will have the right to direct the
time, method and place of conducting any proceeding for any remedy available to the trustee or exercising any trust or power conferred
on the trustee. A holder
of debt securities of any series will not have any right to institute any proceeding under the indentures, or for the appointment
of a receiver or a trustee, or for any other remedy under the indentures, unless: (1) | the holder has previously given to the trustee written notice of a continuing event of default with respect to the debt securities of that series; (2) | the holders of at least a majority in aggregate principal amount of the outstanding debt securities of that series have made a written request and have offered reasonable indemnity to the trustee to institute the proceeding; and (3) | the trustee has failed to institute the proceeding and has not received direction inconsistent with the original request from the holders of a majority in aggregate principal amount of the outstanding debt securities of that series within 60 days after the original request. Holders may, however,
sue to enforce the payment of principal, premium or interest on any debt security on or after the due date or to enforce the right,
if any, to convert any debt security (if the debt security is convertible) without following the procedures listed in (1) through
(3) above. We will furnish the trustee
an annual statement by our officers as to whether or not we are in default in the performance of the conditions and covenants
under the indenture and, if so, specifying all known defaults. Modification and Waiver Unless we indicate otherwise
in a prospectus supplement, the applicable trustee and we may make modifications and amendments to an indenture with the consent
of the holders of a majority in aggregate principal amount of the outstanding securities of each series affected by the modification
or amendment. 18 We may also make modifications
and amendments to the indentures for the benefit of holders without their consent, for certain purposes including, but not limited
to: · | providing for our successor to assume the covenants under the indenture; · | adding covenants or events of default; · | making certain changes to facilitate the issuance of the securities; · | securing the securities; · | providing for a successor trustee or additional trustees; · | curing any ambiguities or inconsistencies; · | providing for guaranties of, or additional obligors on, the securities; · | permitting or facilitating the defeasance and discharge of the securities; and · | other changes specified in the indenture. However, neither the trustee
nor we may make any modification or amendment without the consent of the holder of each outstanding security of that series affected
by the modification or amendment if such modification or amendment would: · | change the stated maturity of any debt security; · | reduce the principal, premium, if any, or interest on any debt security or any amount payable upon redemption or repurchase, whether at our option or the option of any holder, or reduce the amount of any sinking fund payments; · | reduce the principal of an original issue discount security or any other debt security payable on acceleration of maturity; · | change the place of payment or the currency in which any debt security is payable; · | impair the right to enforce any payment after the stated maturity or redemption date; · | if subordinated debt securities, modify the subordination provisions in a materially adverse manner to the holders; · | adversely affect the right to convert any debt security if the debt security is a convertible debt security; or · | change the provisions in the indenture that relate to modifying or amending the indenture. Satisfaction and discharge; defeasance We may be discharged from
our obligations on the debt securities, subject to limited exceptions, of any series that have matured or will mature or be redeemed
within one year if we deposit enough money with the trustee to pay all of the principal, interest and any premium due to the stated
maturity date or redemption date of the debt securities. 19 Each indenture contains
a provision that permits us to elect either or both of the following: · | We may elect to be discharged from all of our obligations, subject to limited exceptions, with respect to any series of debt securities then outstanding. If we make this election, the holders of the debt securities of the series will not be entitled to the benefits of the indenture, except for the rights of holders to receive payments on debt securities or the registration of transfer and exchange of debt securities and replacement of lost, stolen or mutilated debt securities. · | We may elect to be released from our obligations under some or all of any financial or restrictive covenants applicable to the series of debt securities to which the election relates and from the consequences of an event of default resulting from a breach of those covenants. To make either of the
above elections, we must irrevocably deposit in trust with the trustee enough money to pay in full the principal, interest and
premium on the debt securities. This amount may be made in cash and/or U.S. government obligations or, in the case of debt securities
denominated in a currency other than U.S. dollars, cash in the currency in which such series of securities is denominated and/or
foreign government obligations. As a condition to either of the above elections, for debt securities denominated in U.S. dollars
we must deliver to the trustee an opinion of counsel that the holders of the debt securities will not recognize income, gain or
loss for U.S. federal income tax purposes as a result of the action. “Foreign government
obligations” means, with respect to debt securities of any series that are denominated in a currency other than United States
dollars: · | direct obligations of the government that issued or caused to be issued the currency in which such securities are denominated and for the payment of which obligations its full faith and credit is pledged, or, with respect to debt securities of any series which are denominated in euros, direct obligations of certain members of the European Union for the payment of which obligations the full faith and credit of such members is pledged, which in each case are not callable or redeemable at the option of the issuer thereof; · | obligations of a person controlled or supervised by or acting as an agency or instrumentality of a government described in the bullet above the timely payment of which is unconditionally guaranteed as a full faith and credit obligation by such government, which are not callable or redeemable at the option of the issuer thereof; or · | any depository receipt issued by a bank as custodian with respect to any obligation specified in the first two bullet points and held by such bank for the account of the holder of such deposit any receipt, or with respect to any such obligation which is so specified and held. Notices Notices to holders will be given by mail to
the addresses of the holders in the security register. Governing law The indentures and the debt securities will
be governed by, and construed under, the laws of the State of New York. No personal liability
of directors, officers, employees and stockholders No incorporator, stockholder,
employee, agent, officer, director or subsidiary of ours will have any liability for any obligations of ours, or because of the
creation of any indebtedness under the debt securities, the indentures or supplemental indentures. The indentures provide that
all such liability is expressly waived and released as a condition of, and as a consideration for, the execution of such indentures
and the issuance of the debt securities. 20 Regarding the trustee The indentures limit
the right of the trustee, should it become our creditor, to obtain payment of claims or secure its claims. The trustee is permitted
to engage in certain other transactions with us. However, if the trustee acquires any conflicting interest, and there is a default
under the debt securities of any series for which it is trustee, the trustee must eliminate the conflict or resign. The accompanying prospectus
supplement will specify the trustee for the particular series of debt securities to be issued under the indentures. Subordinated debt securities The following provisions
will be applicable with respect to each series of subordinated debt securities, unless otherwise stated in the prospectus supplement
relating to that series of subordinated debt securities. The indebtedness evidenced
by the subordinated debt securities of any series is subordinated, to the extent provided in the subordinated indenture and the
applicable prospectus supplement, to the prior payment in full, of all senior debt, including any senior debt securities, in cash
or other payment satisfactory to the holders of senior debt. Upon any distribution
of our assets upon any dissolution, winding up, liquidation or reorganization, whether voluntary or involuntary, marshalling of
assets, assignment for the benefit of creditors, or in bankruptcy, insolvency, receivership or other similar proceedings, payments
on the subordinated debt securities will be subordinated in right of payment to the prior payment in full in cash or other payment
satisfactory to holders of senior debt of all senior debt. In the event of any
acceleration of the subordinated debt securities of any series because of an event of default with respect to the subordinated
debt securities of that series, holders of any senior debt would be entitled to payment in full in cash or other payment satisfactory
to holders of senior debt of all senior debt before the holders of subordinated debt securities are entitled to receive any payment
or distribution. In addition, the subordinated
debt securities will be structurally subordinated to all indebtedness and other liabilities of our subsidiaries, including trade
payables and lease obligations. This occurs because our right to receive any assets of our subsidiaries upon their liquidation
or reorganization, and your right to participate in those assets, will be effectively subordinated to the claims of that subsidiary’s
creditors, including trade creditors, except to the extent that we are recognized as a creditor of such subsidiary. If we are recognized
as a creditor of that subsidiary, our claims would still be subordinate to any security interest in the assets of the subsidiary
and any indebtedness of the subsidiary senior to us. We are required to
promptly notify holders of senior debt or their representatives under the subordinated indenture if payment of the subordinated
debt securities is accelerated because of an event of default. Under the subordinated
indenture, we may also not make payment on the subordinated debt securities if: · | a default in our obligations to pay principal, premium, if any, interest or other amounts on our senior debt occurs and the default continues beyond any applicable grace period, which we refer to as a payment default; or · | any other default occurs and is continuing with respect to designated senior debt that permits holders of designated senior debt to accelerate its maturity, and the trustee receives a payment blockage notice from us or some other person permitted to give the notice under the subordinated indenture, which we refer to as a non-payment default. 21 We may and shall resume
payments on the subordinated debt securities: · | in case of a payment default, when the default is cured or waived or ceases to exist; and · | in case of a nonpayment default, the earlier of when the default is cured or waived or ceases to exist or 179 days after the receipt of the payment blockage notice. No new payment blockage
period may start on the basis of a nonpayment default unless 365 days have elapsed from the effectiveness of the immediately prior
payment blockage notice. No nonpayment default that existed or was continuing on the date of delivery of any payment blockage notice
to the trustee shall be the basis for a subsequent payment blockage notice. As a result of these
subordination provisions, in the event of our bankruptcy, dissolution or reorganization, holders of senior debt may receive more,
ratably, and holders of the subordinated debt securities may receive less, ratably, than our other creditors. The subordination
provisions will not prevent the occurrence of any event of default under the subordinated indenture. The subordination provisions
will not apply to payments from money or government obligations held in trust by the trustee for the payment of principal, interest
and premium, if any, on subordinated debt securities pursuant to the provisions described under “—Satisfaction and
discharge; defeasance,” if the subordination provisions were not violated at the time the money or government obligations
were deposited into trust. If the trustee or any
holder receives any payment that should not have been made to them in contravention of subordination provisions before all senior
debt is paid in full in cash or other payment satisfactory to holders of senior debt, then such payment will be held in trust for
the holders of senior debt. Senior debt securities
will constitute senior debt under the subordinated indenture. Additional or different
subordination provisions may be described in a prospectus supplement relating to a particular series of debt securities. Definitions “ Designated
senior debt ” means our obligations under any particular senior debt in which the instrument creating or evidencing the
same or the assumption or guarantee thereof, or related agreements or documents to which we are a party, expressly provides that
such indebtedness shall be designated senior debt for purposes of the subordinated indenture. The instrument, agreement or other
document evidencing any designated senior debt may place limitations and conditions on the right of such senior debt to exercise
the rights of designated senior debt. “ Indebtedness ”
means the following, whether absolute or contingent, secured or unsecured, due or to become due, outstanding on the date of the
indenture for such series of securities or thereafter created, incurred or assumed: · | our indebtedness evidenced by a credit or loan agreement, note, bond, debenture or other written obligation; · | all of our obligations for money borrowed; · | all of our obligations evidenced by a note or similar instrument given in connection with the acquisition of any businesses, properties or assets of any kind; · | our obligations: o | as lessee under leases required to be capitalized on the balance sheet of the lessee under generally accepted accounting principles, or o | as lessee under other leases for facilities, capital equipment or related assets, whether or not capitalized, entered into or leased for financing purposes; 22 · | all of our obligations under interest rate and currency swaps, caps, floors, collars, hedge agreements, forward contracts or similar agreements or arrangements; · | all of our obligations with respect to letters of credit, bankers’ acceptances and similar facilities, including reimbursement obligations with respect to the foregoing; · | all of our obligations issued or assumed as the deferred purchase price of property or services, but excluding trade accounts payable and accrued liabilities arising in the ordinary course of business; · | all obligations of the type referred to in the above clauses of another person and all dividends of another person, the payment of which, in either case, we have assumed or guaranteed, of for which we are responsible or liable, directly or indirectly, jointly or severally, as obligor, guarantor or otherwise, or which are secured by a lien on our property; and · | renewals, extensions, modifications, replacements, restatements and refundings of, or any indebtedness or obligation issued in exchange for, any such indebtedness or obligation described in the above clauses of this definition. “ Senior debt ”
means the principal of, premium, if any, and interest, including all interest accruing subsequent to the commencement of any bankruptcy
or similar proceeding, whether or not a claim for post-petition interest is allowable as a claim in any such proceeding, on, and
all fees and other amounts payable in connection with, our indebtedness. Senior debt shall not include: · | any debt or obligation if its terms or the terms of the instrument under which or pursuant to which it is issued expressly provide it shall not be senior in right of payment to the subordinated debt securities or expressly provide that such indebtedness is on the same basis or “junior” to the subordinated debt securities; or · | debt to any of our subsidiaries, a majority of the voting stock of which is owned, directly or indirectly, by us. “ Subsidiary ”
means an entity more than 50% of the outstanding voting stock of which is owned, directly or indirectly, by us or by one or more
or our other subsidiaries or by a combination of us and our other subsidiaries. For purposes of this definition, “voting
stock” means stock or other similar interests to us which ordinarily has or have voting power for the election of directors,
or persons performing similar functions, whether at all times or only so long as no senior class of stock or other interests has
or have such voting power by reason of any contingency. PLAN OF DISTRIBUTION We may sell the securities offered through
this prospectus (i) to or through underwriters or dealers, (ii) directly to purchasers, including our affiliates, (iii) through
agents, or (iv) through a combination of any these methods. The securities may be distributed at a fixed price or prices, which
may be changed, market prices prevailing at the time of sale, prices related to the prevailing market prices, or negotiated prices.
The prospectus supplement will include the following information: · | the terms of the offering; · | the names of any underwriters or agents; · | the name or names of any managing underwriter or underwriters; · | the purchase price of the securities; · | the net proceeds from the sale of the securities; · | any delayed delivery arrangements; · | any underwriting discounts, commissions or agency fees and other items constituting underwriters’ or agents’ compensation; · | any initial public offering price; 23 · | any discounts or concessions allowed or reallowed or paid to dealers; and · | any commissions paid to agents. We may engage in at-the-market offerings
into an existing trading market in accordance with Rule 415(a)(4). Any at-the-market offering will be through an underwriter or
underwriters acting as principal or agent for us. We may issue to the holders of our common
stock on a pro rata basis for no consideration, subscription rights to purchase shares of our common stock or preferred stock.
These subscription rights may or may not be transferable by stockholders. The applicable prospectus supplement will describe the
specific terms of any offering of our common or preferred stock through the issuance of subscription rights, including the terms
of the subscription rights offering, the terms, procedures and limitations relating to the exchange and exercise of the subscription
rights and, if applicable, the material terms of any standby underwriting or purchase arrangement entered into by us in connection
with the offering of common or preferred stock through the issuance of subscription rights. Sale Through Underwriters or Dealers If underwriters are used in the sale, the
underwriters will acquire the securities for their own account, including through underwriting, purchase, security lending or repurchase
agreements with us. The underwriters may resell the securities from time to time in one or more transactions, including negotiated
transactions. Underwriters may sell the securities in order to facilitate transactions in any of our other securities (described
in this prospectus or otherwise), including other public or private transactions and short sales. Underwriters may offer securities
to the public either through underwriting syndicates represented by one or more managing underwriters or directly by one or more
firms acting as underwriters. Unless otherwise indicated in the prospectus supplement, the obligations of the underwriters to purchase
the securities will be subject to certain conditions, and the underwriters will be obligated to purchase all the offered securities
if they purchase any of them. The underwriters may change from time to time any initial public offering price and any discounts
or concessions allowed or reallowed or paid to dealers. If dealers are used in the sale of securities
offered through this prospectus, we will sell the securities to them as principals. They may then resell those securities to the
public at varying prices determined by the dealers at the time of resale. The prospectus supplement will include the names of the
dealers and the terms of the transaction. Direct Sales and Sales Through Agents We may sell the securities offered through
this prospectus directly. In this case, no underwriters or agents would be involved. Such securities may also be sold through agents
designated from time to time. The prospectus supplement will name any agent involved in the offer or sale of the offered securities
and will describe any commissions payable to the agent. Unless otherwise indicated in the prospectus supplement, any agent will
agree to use its reasonable best efforts to solicit purchases for the period of its appointment. We may sell the securities directly to institutional
investors or others who may be deemed to be underwriters within the meaning of the Securities Act with respect to any sale of those
securities. The terms of any such sales will be described in the prospectus supplement. Delayed Delivery Contracts If the prospectus supplement indicates,
we may authorize agents, underwriters or dealers to solicit offers from certain types of institutions to purchase securities at
the public offering price under delayed delivery contracts. These contracts would provide for payment and delivery on a specified
date in the future. The contracts would be subject only to those conditions described in the prospectus supplement. The applicable
prospectus supplement will describe the commission payable for solicitation of those contracts. 24 Market Making, Stabilization and Other Transactions Unless the applicable prospectus supplement
states otherwise, each series of offered securities will be a new issue and will have no established trading market. We may elect
to list any series of offered securities on an exchange. Any underwriters that we use in the sale of offered securities may make
a market in such securities, but may discontinue such market making at any time without notice. Therefore, we cannot assure you
that the securities will have a liquid trading market. Any underwriter may also engage in stabilizing
transactions, syndicate covering transactions and penalty bids in accordance with Rule 104 under the Securities Exchange Act. Stabilizing
transactions involve bids to purchase the underlying security in the open market for the purpose of pegging, fixing or maintaining
the price of the securities. Syndicate covering transactions involve purchases of the securities in the open market after the distribution
has been completed in order to cover syndicate short positions. Penalty bids permit the underwriters to
reclaim a selling concession from a syndicate member when the securities originally sold by the syndicate member are purchased
in a syndicate covering transaction to cover syndicate short positions. Stabilizing transactions, syndicate covering transactions
and penalty bids may cause the price of the securities to be higher than it would be in the absence of the transactions. The underwriters
may, if they commence these transactions, discontinue them at any time. Derivative Transactions and Hedging We, the underwriters or other agents may
engage in derivative transactions involving the securities. These derivatives may consist of short sale transactions and other
hedging activities. The underwriters or agents may acquire a long or short position in the securities, hold or resell securities
acquired and purchase options or futures on the securities and other derivative instruments with returns linked to or related to
changes in the price of the securities. In order to facilitate these derivative transactions, we may enter into security lending
or repurchase agreements with the underwriters or agents. The underwriters or agents may effect the derivative transactions through
sales of the securities to the public, including short sales, or by lending the securities in order to facilitate short sale transactions
by others. The underwriters or agents may also use the securities purchased or borrowed from us or others (or, in the case of derivatives,
securities received from us in settlement of those derivatives) to directly or indirectly settle sales of the securities or close
out any related open borrowings of the securities. Electronic Auctions We may also make sales through the Internet
or through other electronic means. Since we may from time to time elect to offer securities directly to the public, with or without
the involvement of agents, underwriters or dealers, utilizing the Internet or other forms of electronic bidding or ordering systems
for the pricing and allocation of such securities, you will want to pay particular attention to the description of that system
we will provide in a prospectus supplement. Such electronic system may allow bidders
to directly participate, through electronic access to an auction site, by submitting conditional offers to buy that are subject
to acceptance by us, and which may directly affect the price or other terms and conditions at which such securities are sold. These
bidding or ordering systems may present to each bidder, on a so-called “real-time” basis, relevant information to assist
in making a bid, such as the clearing spread at which the offering would be sold, based on the bids submitted, and whether a bidder’s
individual bids would be accepted, prorated or rejected. For example, in the case of debt security, the clearing spread could be
indicated as a number of “basis points” above an index treasury note. Of course, many pricing methods can and may also
be used. Upon completion of such an electronic auction
process, securities will be allocated based on prices bid, terms of bid or other factors. The final offering price at which securities
would be sold and the allocation of securities among bidders would be based in whole or in part on the results of the Internet
or other electronic bidding process or auction. 25 General Information Agents, underwriters, and dealers may be
entitled, under agreements entered into with us, to indemnification by us against certain liabilities, including liabilities under
the Securities Act. Our agents, underwriters, and dealers, or their affiliates, may be customers of, engage in transactions with
or perform services for us in the ordinary course of business. The maximum consideration or discount to
be received by any Financial Industry Regulatory Authority, or FINRA, member or independent broker dealer may not exceed 8.0% of
the aggregate amount of the securities offered pursuant to this prospectus and any applicable prospectus supplement. INFORMATION WITH RESPECT TO REGISTRANT All information,
except the ownership of certain beneficial owners and management, required under Item 11 of Registration Statement on Form S-1
is incorporated herein by reference to our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2014, Quarterly Reports
on Form 10-Q for the quarters ended March 31, 2015, June 30, 2015, and September 30, 2015, and our Definitive Proxy Statement on
Schedule 14A filed on May 21, 2015, in connection with our 2015 Annual Meeting of Stockholders. Information
regarding the following is incorporated by reference from our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31,
2014 and Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q for the quarters ended March 31, 2015, June 30, 2015, and September 30, 2015: · | Description of Business; · | Description of Property; · | Legal Proceedings; · | Financial Statements; · | Selected Financial Data; · | Supplementary Financial Information; · | Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations; · | Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure; and · | Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk. Information
regarding the following is incorporated by reference from our Definitive Proxy Statement on Schedule 14A filed on May 21, 2015,
in connection with our 2015 Annual Meeting of Stockholders: · | Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance; · | Executive Compensation; and · | Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL
OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT The table below
contains information regarding the beneficial ownership of our Common Stock as of January 6, 2016 by (i) each person who is known
to us to beneficially own more than 5% of our Common Stock, (ii) each of our directors, (iii) each of our named executive officers
and (iv) all of our directors and named executive officers as a group. Except as otherwise noted below, each person or entity named
in the following table has the sole voting and investment power with respect to all shares of our Common Stock that he, she or
it beneficially owns. Unless otherwise indicated, the address of each beneficial owner listed below is c/o Net Element, Inc., 3363
NE 163rd Street, Suite 705, North Miami Beach FL 33160. 26 Name and address of beneficial owner | Amount and nature of beneficial ownership (number of shares of Common Stock beneficially owned) | Percent of class (1)
Kenges Rakishev c/o SAT & Company 241 Mukanova Street Almaty Kazakhstan 050008 | 21,963,549 | (2) | 17.35 | %
Novatus Holding PTE. Ltd. 22B Duxton Hill Singapore 089605, Republic of Singapore | 7,320,751 | (2) | 6.52 | %
Oleg Firer c/o Net Element, Inc. 3363 NE 163rd Street, Suite 705, North Miami Beach, Florida 33160 | 8,615,562 | (3) | 7.30 | %
Steven Wolberg c/o Net Element, Inc. 3363 NE 163rd Street, Suite 705, North Miami Beach, Florida 33160 | 3,007,148 | (4) | 2.63 | %
James Caan 2791 Hutton Drive Beverly Hills, CA 90210 | 172,631 | 0.15 | %
Jonathan New c/o Net Element, Inc. 3363 NE 163rd Street, Suite 705, North Miami Beach, Florida 33160 | 777,804 | (5) | 0.69 | %
David P. Kelley II 64 Horseshoe Road Darien, CT 06820 | 60,250 | (6) | 0.05 | %
William Healy 16W281 83rd Street, Suite B Burr Ridge, IL 60527 | 1,526,272 | (7) | 1.34 | %
Drew Freeman 2542 Nassau Lane Fort Lauderdale. FL 33312 | 23,750 | 0.02 | %
Irina Bukhanova Office 01, 54th Floor, Federation Tower West 12, Presnenskaya emb. Moscow, 123100, Russia | 350,983 | 0.31 | %
All directors and executive officers as a group (9 persons) | 36,520,448 | 29.86 | % 27 (1) | Applicable percentage ownership is based on 122,334,601 shares of Common Stock outstanding as of January 6, 2016 together with securities exercisable or convertible into shares of Common Stock within 60 days of January 6, 2016 for each stockholder. Beneficial ownership is determined in accordance with the rules of the Commission and generally includes voting or investment power with respect to securities. The shares issuable pursuant to the exercise or conversion of such securities are deemed outstanding for the purpose of computing the percentage of ownership of the security holder, but are not treated as outstanding for the purpose of computing the percentage of ownership of any other person.
(2) | All information regarding shares that may be beneficially owned by Kenges Rakishev is based on information disclosed in a Schedule 13D/A filed jointly by Mr. Rakishev and Novatus Holding PTE. Ltd. with the Commission and on the information available to us. Mr. Rakishev may be deemed to have beneficial ownership of 21,963,549 shares of Common Stock consisting of (i) 14,642,798 shares of Common Stock held directly by Mr. Rakishev and (ii) 7,320,751 shares of Common Stock held directly by Novatus Holding PTE. Ltd. Mr. Rakishev has sole voting power and sole dispositive power over 14,642,798 shares of Common Stock and shared voting power and shared dispositive power over 7,320,751 shares of Common Stock. The shares held directly by Mr. Rakishev include 7,142,857 restricted shares of Common Stock and restricted shares of Common Stock issuable pursuant to amended option to purchase 7,142,857 restricted shares of Common Stock, in each case issued pursuant to the Letter Agreement dated as of September 11, 2015, as modified by that certain Additional Letter Agreement dated as of October 7, 2015, with the Company.
(3) | All information regarding shares that may be beneficially owned by Oleg Firer is based on information disclosed in a Schedule 13D/A filed jointly by Mr. Firer and Star Equities, LLC. Mr. Firer is deemed to have beneficial ownership of 8,615,562 restricted shares of the Company Common Stock consisting of (i) 2,901,276 restricted shares of Common Stock held directly by Mr. Firer; and (ii) as the sole member of Star Equities, Mr. Firer can be deemed to beneficially own 2,857,143 restricted shares of Company Common Stock and restricted shares of Common Stock issuable pursuant to amended option to purchase 2,857,143 restricted shares of Common Stock, in each case issued pursuant to the Letter Agreement dated as of September 11, 2015, as modified by that certain Additional Letter Agreement dated as of October 7, 2015, with the Company.
(4) | The shares held directly by Steven Wolberg include 357,143 restricted shares of Common Stock and restricted shares of Common Stock issuable pursuant to amended option to purchase 357,143 restricted shares of Common Stock, in each case issued pursuant to the Letter Agreement dated as of September 11, 2015, as modified by that certain Additional Letter Agreement dated as of October 7, 2015, with the Company.
(5) | Includes 5,749 shares of Common Stock held by Mr. New’s spouse and 10,749 shares of Common Stock held by Mr. New’s son.
(6) | Includes 14,000 shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of warrants with an exercise price of $7.50 per share and an expiration date of October 2, 2017.
(7) | The shares held directly by William Healy include 714,286 restricted shares of Common Stock and restricted shares of Common Stock issuable pursuant to amended option to purchase 714,286 restricted shares of Common Stock, in each case issued pursuant to the Letter Agreement dated as of September 11, 2015, as modified by that certain Additional Letter Agreement dated as of October 7, 2015, with the Company. 28 LEGAL MATTERS Certain legal matters will be passed upon
for us by Snell & Wilmer L.L.P., Los Angeles, California. Additional legal matters may be passed upon for us, or any underwriters,
dealers or agents, by counsel that we will name in the applicable prospectus supplement. EXPERTS Daszkal Bolton LLP, independent registered
public accounting firm, has audited our financial statements as of, and for the year ended, December 31, 2014, included in our
Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2014, as set forth in their report, which is incorporated by reference
in this prospectus. BDO USA, LLP, independent registered public accounting firm, has audited our financial statements as of, and
for the year ended, December 31, 2013, included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2014, as set
forth in their report, which is incorporated by reference in this prospectus. Our financial statements are incorporated by reference
in reliance on Daszkal Bolton LLP and BDO USA, LLP’s reports, given on their authority as experts in accounting and auditing. WHERE YOU CAN FIND MORE INFORMATION We file annual, quarterly and current reports,
proxy statements and other information with the SEC. We have also filed a registration statement on Form S-1, including exhibits,
under the Securities Act with respect to the securities offered by this prospectus. This prospectus is part of the registration
statement, but does not contain all of the information included in the registration statement or the exhibits. You may read and
copy the registration statement and any other document that we file with the SEC at the SEC’s Public Reference Room at 100
F Street, N.E., Washington, D.C. 20549. Please call the SEC at 1-800-SEC-0330 for further information on the Public Reference
Room. Our SEC filings are also available to the public on the internet at a website maintained by the SEC located at http://www.sec.gov. INFORMATION INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE The SEC allows us to “incorporate
by reference” information into this document. This means that we can disclose important information to you by referring you
to another document filed separately with the SEC. The information incorporated by reference is considered to be a part of this
document, except for any information superseded by information that is included directly in this document or incorporated by reference
subsequent to the date of this document. This prospectus incorporates by reference
the documents listed below and any future filings that we make with the SEC under Section 13(a), 13(c), 14 or 15(d) of the Exchange
Act (other than current reports on Form 8-K furnished under Item 2.02 or Item 7.01 and exhibits filed on such form that are related
to such items), until all the securities offered under this prospectus are sold. · | Our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2014, as filed with the Commission on March 30, 2015;
· | Our Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q for the quarters ended March 31, 2015, June 30, 2015, and September 30, 2015;
· | Our Current Reports on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on January 28, 2015, March 17, 2015, March 31, 2015, May 1, 2015, May 15, 2015, May 27, 2015, May 27, 2015, June 16, 2015, June 23, 2015, July 10, 2015, August 4, 2015, August 13, 2015, August 17, 2015, September 3, 2015, September 14, 2015, September 16, 2015, October 1, 2015, October 7, 2015, October 15, 2015, November 17, 2015, November 18, 2015, December 2, 2015, December 9, 2015, and December 17, 2015, and Current Reports on Form 8-K/a filed on January 28, 2015, March 20, 2015, July 10, 2015, July 17, 2015, August 3, 2015, and December 14, 2015; 29 · | Our definitive proxy statements on Schedule 14A filed with the SEC on May 21, 2015 and October 21, 2015; and
· | The descriptions of our Common Stock contained in our Registration Statement on Form 8-A, filed with the SEC on September 28, 2010 and amended on October 2, 2012, and any other amendment or report filed for the purposes of updating such descriptions. Documents incorporated by reference are
available from the SEC as described above or from us without charge, excluding any exhibits to those documents unless the exhibit
is specifically incorporated by reference as an exhibit in this document. You can obtain documents incorporated by reference in
this document by requesting them in writing or by telephone at the following address: Net Element, Inc. 3363 NE 163rd St., Suite 705 North Miami Beach, Florida 33160 (305) 507-8808 Attention: Chief
Financial Officer 30 PART II INFORMATION NOT REQUIRED IN PROSPECTUS Item 13. Other
Expenses of Issuance and Distribution. The following table sets forth the expenses
to be borne by the Registrant in connection with the issuance and distribution of the securities registered hereby. Other than
the Securities and Exchange Commission registration fee, all of the amounts below are estimates. Securities and Exchange Commission registration fee | $ | 5,035.00
Accounting fees and expenses | $ | 5,000.00
Legal fees and expenses | $ | 50,000.00
Financial printing and miscellaneous expenses | $ | 5,000.00
Transfer Agent fees | $ | 1,500.00
Total | $ | 66,535.00 | * * Since an indeterminate amount of securities is covered by
this registration statement, the expenses in connection with the issuance and distribution of the securities are not currently
determinable. The amounts shown are estimates of expenses payable by us in connection with the filing of this registration statement
and one offering of securities hereunder, but do not limit the amount of securities that may be offered. Item 14. Indemnification
of Directors and Officers. Section 102 of the Delaware General Corporation
Law (the “DGCL”) allows a corporation to eliminate the personal liability of directors of a corporation to the corporation
or its stockholders for monetary damages for breach of fiduciary duty as a director, except where the director breached the duty
of loyalty, failed to act in good faith, engaged in intentional misconduct or knowingly violated a law, authorized the payment
of a dividend or approved a stock repurchase in violation of the DGCL or obtained an improper personal benefit. Under Section 145 of the DGCL, we can indemnify
our directors and officers against liabilities they may incur in such capacities, including liabilities under the Securities Act
of 1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”). Our certificate of incorporation provides that, pursuant to the DGCL, our
directors shall not be liable for monetary damages for breach of the directors’ fiduciary duty of care to us and our stockholders.
This provision in the certificate of incorporation does not eliminate the duty of care, and in appropriate circumstances equitable
remedies such as injunctive or other forms of non-monetary relief will remain available under the DGCL. In addition, each director
will continue to be subject to liability for breach of the director’s duty of loyalty to us or our stockholders, for acts
or omissions not in good faith or involving intentional misconduct or knowing violations of the law, for actions leading to improper
personal benefit to the director, and for payment of dividends or approval of stock repurchases or redemptions that are unlawful
under the DGCL. The provision also does not affect a director’s responsibilities under any other law, such as the federal
securities laws or state or federal environmental laws. Section 174 of the DGCL provides, among
other things, that a director who willfully or negligently approves of an unlawful payment of dividends or an unlawful stock purchase
or redemption may be held liable for such actions. A director who was either absent when the unlawful actions were approved or
dissented at the time, may avoid liability by causing his or her dissent to such actions to be entered in the books containing
minutes of the meetings of our board of directors at the time such action occurred or immediately after such absent director receives
notice of the unlawful acts. II- 1 In addition, our directors and officers
are covered under directors’ and officers’ liability insurance policies maintained by us, subject to the limits of
the policies, insuring such persons against various liabilities. Insofar as indemnification for liabilities
arising under the Securities Act may be permitted to directors, officers and controlling persons of the Registrant pursuant to
the foregoing provisions, or otherwise, the Registrant has been advised that, in the opinion of the Securities and Exchange Commission,
such indemnification is against public policy as expressed in the Securities Act and is, therefore, unenforceable. Item 15. Recent
Sales of Unregistered Securities. On May 10, 2013, the Company entered into
a Settlement, Separation Agreement and General Release (the "Separation Agreement") with Curtis Wolfe. Mr. Wolfe is a
former employee and the former Secretary of the Company. Pursuant to the Separation Agreement, the Company agreed, subject to the
approval of its shareholders, to issue to Mr. Wolfe 75,000 restricted shares of common stock of the Company as severance and compensation
for his service as an employee of the Company until February 15, 2013. Upon the approval of such issuance by the Company’s
shareholders, the Company issued to Mr. Wolfe 75,000 restricted shares of common stock of the Company in reliance upon the exemption
from registration pursuant to Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”). On June 18, 2013, Aptito, LLC, an indirect
subsidiary of the Company, entered into an Asset Purchase Agreement with Aptito.com, Inc., a New York corporation (as Seller),
pursuant to which Aptito acquired on such date substantially all of the business assets of Seller, including the development, implementation
and sales of an all-in-one, cloud-based, digital point-of-sale software and customer relations management and payments platform.
As consideration for the acquired business assets, (a) Aptito assumed and simultaneously repaid $145,000 of outstanding indebtedness
(with an original principal balance totaling $200,000); (b) the Company agreed to issue to Seller 125,000 restricted shares of
the Company's common stock, which shares will vest quarterly over 12 months; and (c) Aptito issued to Seller a 20% membership interest
in Aptito. Such 125,000 restricted shares of the Company's common stock were issued in reliance upon the exemption from registration
pursuant to Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act. On September 4, 2013, the Company entered
into a letter agreement, dated as of August 28, 2013 (the "Exchange Agreement"), with Oleg Firer, Steven Wolberg, Georgia
Notes 18 LLC and Vladimir Sadovskiy, pursuant to which the Company has agreed, subject to approval of the Company's shareholders,
to issue such number of shares of common stock of the Company equal to 10% of the Company's issued and outstanding common stock
as of the date of issuance of such shares in exchange for the Company's acquisition of the outstanding 10% minority interest in
the Company's 90%-owned subsidiary, TOT Group, Inc. Pursuant to the Exchange Agreement, the Company agreed to purchase (i) from
Oleg Firer 45,000 shares of common stock of TOT Group, representing 4.5% of TOT Group's outstanding shares of common stock, in
exchange for the issuance to Mr. Firer of such number of shares of common stock of the Company equal to 4.5% of the Company's issued
and outstanding common stock as of the date of issuance of such shares, (ii) from Steven Wolberg 20,000 shares of common stock
of TOT Group, representing 2% of TOT Group's outstanding shares of common stock, in exchange for the issuance to Mr. Wolberg of
such number of shares of common stock of the Company equal to 2% of the Company's issued and outstanding common stock as of the
date of issuance of such shares, (iii) from Georgia Notes 18 LLC 30,000 shares of common stock of TOT Group, representing 3% of
TOT Group's outstanding shares of common stock, in exchange for the issuance to Georgia Notes 18 LLC of such number of shares of
common stock of the Company equal to 3% of the Company's issued and outstanding common stock as of the date of issuance of such
shares and (iv) from Vladimir Sadovskiy 5,000 shares of common stock of TOT Group, representing 0.5% of TOT Group's outstanding
shares of common stock, in exchange for the issuance to Mr. Sadovskiy of such number of shares of common stock of the Company equal
to 0.5% of the Company's issued and outstanding common stock as of the date of issuance of such shares. Upon the approval of such
issuance by the Company’s shareholders, the Company issued aggregate 3,135,856 restricted shares of the Company's common
stock to Oleg Firer, Steven Wolberg, Georgia Notes 18 LLC and Vladimir Sadovskiy in reliance upon the exemption from registration
pursuant to Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act. II- 2 On June 30, 2014,
the Company issued 100,000 restricted shares of the Company's common stock to MBF Merchant Capital, LLC (“MBF”) as
consideration for the restructuring of the note payable by the Company to MBF in May 2014. Such shares were issued by the Company
in reliance upon the exemption from registration pursuant to Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act. On June 30, 2014,
in reliance upon the exemption from registration pursuant to Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act, the Company issued 323,085
restricted shares of the Company's common stock to Oleg Firer, Steven Wolberg, Georgia Notes 18, LLC and Vladimir Sadovskiy pursuant
to Amendment No. 1 between the Company, Oleg Firer, Steven Wolberg, Georgia Notes 18, LLC and Vladimir Sadovskiy, which amended
the Exchange Agreement (see Note 4 of the accompanying notes to unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements), as additional
consideration for the Company's purchase (i) from Oleg Firer 45,000 shares of common stock of TOT Group, (ii) from Steven Wolberg
20,000 shares of common stock of TOT Group, (iii) from Georgia Notes 18 LLC 30,000 shares of common stock of TOT Group, and (iv)
from Vladimir Sadovskiy 5,000 shares of common stock of TOT Group. On July 15, 2014,
we issued 1,140,809 restricted shares of the Company's common stock to K 1 Holding Limited pursuant to the Letter Agreement, dated
December 5, 2013, among the Company, TGR Capital, LLC and K 1 Holding Limited. We issued such shares in reliance upon the exemption
from registration pursuant to Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act. On June 30, 2014,
the entire principal amount of that certain Secured Convertible Senior Promissory Note in the principal amount of Eleven Million
Two Hundred Thousand Dollars ($11,200,000.00) issued on April 21, 2014 by the Company in favor of Cayman Invest S.A. was converted
into 5,569,158 shares of common stock constituting 15% of the then outstanding shares of common stock the Company. We issued such
restricted shares of the Company's common stock on September 12, 2014 in reliance upon the exemption from registration pursuant
to Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act. On September 15,
2014, we entered into a Master Exchange Agreement, (the “Master Exchange Agreement”) with Crede CG III, Ltd., an exempted
company incorporated under the laws of Bermuda (“Crede”). Prior to entering into the Master Exchange Agreement, Crede
acquired two existing promissory notes that had been previously issued by the Company, one with $2,343,500 principal amount outstanding
plus interest due to Capital Sources of New York and the other with $13,533,360 principal amount outstanding plus interest due
to Georgia Notes 18, LLC. Pursuant to the Master Exchange Agreement, Crede was entitled to exchange these promissory notes for
such number of shares of the Company’s common stock, par value $0.0001 per share (“Common Stock”), as determined
under the Master Exchange Agreement based upon 80% of the volume-weighted average trading price of the Common Stock for a specified
period of time (up to 90 trading days) subsequent to each exchange (the “True-Up Period”). The initial number of shares
of Common Stock issuable upon exchange was determined by dividing (i) 125% of the principal and interest under the promissory note(s)
to be exchanged, as well as any other amounts owed by the Company to Crede with respect to such promissory note(s) to be exchanged
by (ii) an “exchange price” determined as the closing bid price of the Common Stock on the date of the applicable exchange
(provided, however, that the Master Exchange Agreement provides that the “exchange price” for the initial exchange
(described further below) is $5.70), in each case subject to adjustments over the True-Up Period following the exchange as set
forth in the Exchange Agreement. Crede exchanged the entire amount of both promissory notes on September 15, 2014. The “exchange
price” for this initial exchange was $5.70. Accordingly, on September 15, 2014, the Company exchanged 125% of the principal
and interest under both promissory notes into 3,481,768 shares of Common Stock. As this number of shares was subject to adjustments
over the True-Up Period following this exchange, the Company issued to Crede an additional 2,321,177 shares to finalize the transaction.
The entire 5,802,945 issued shares was calculated at the end of the True-Up Period to by dividing the aggregate amount of the promissory
notes by 80% of the volume-weighted average trading price of the Common Stock during the True-Up Period. Such shares of restricted
common stock of the Company were issued to Crede in reliance upon Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act exemption from the registration
requirements under the Securities Act. On April 30, 2015, the Company entered into
a Securities Purchase Agreement with certain qualified institutional investors and certain institutional accredited investors (the
“Investors”) providing for the issuance by the Company of (i) senior convertible notes of the Company in the aggregate
principal amount of $5,000,000 (the “ Notes ”) convertible (upon conversion, amortization, payment of interest,
and as part of the make-whole amount, or otherwise) into shares of the Company’s Common Stock and (ii) warrants (the “ Warrants ”)
exercisable to purchase such number of shares of Common Stock that equal 88% of the shares of Common Stock underlying the Notes.
The Notes and the Warrants were issued to the Note Investors in reliance upon the exemption from securities registration afforded
by Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act and Rule 506(b) of Regulation D as promulgated by the Commission under the Securities
Act. II- 3 On December 1, 2015, the Company and the
Investors parties to those certain two letter agreements, each dated August 4, 2015 and filed as Exhibits 10.1 and 10.2 to the
Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on August 4, 2015 (collectively, the “Letter
Agreements”) entered into amendments to the Letter Agreements (collectively, the “Amendments”). Pursuant to
the Amendments, on December 3, 2015 all of the Warrants previously issued by the Company to the Investors were terminated and
cancelled in exchange for 2,500,000 in the aggregate of shares of the Company’s Common Stock issued to the Investors in
reliance upon Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act exemption from the registration requirements under the Securities Act. After the execution of the PayOnline Acquisition
Agreement, TOT Group Europe, Ltd. and TOT Group Russia LLC, each a subsidiary of the Company, on May 27, 2015, the Company issued
to the sellers of PayOnline 4,768,212 shares of restricted common stock at the price of $0.755 per shares as part of the first
installment payment under the PayOnline Acquisition Agreement. Such shares of restricted common stock of the Company were issued
to the Sellers in reliance upon Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act exemption from the registration requirements under the Securities
Act. On September 11, 2015, the Company entered
into a Letter Agreement (as modified by that certain Additional Letter Agreement dated October 7, 2015, the “ Investment
Agreement ”) with certain accredited investors listed on the signature pages attached to the Agreement providing for
the issuance by the Company to the Investors of 11,357,143 restricted shares of the Company’s common stock in the aggregate
(the “ Restricted Shares ”) and options to purchase 11,357,143 restricted shares of the Company’s common
stock in the aggregate on the terms set forth in each investor’s Option to Purchase Shares of Restricted Common Stock (the
“ Restricted Options ”). Some of the investors were Star Equities LLC, Kenges Rakishev, William Healy and Steven
Wolberg. Oleg Firer is a managing member of Start Equities LLC and is also Chief Executive Officer and a director of the Company,
Mr. Rakishev and Mr. Healy are directors of the Company, and Mr. Wolberg is Chief Legal Officer and Secretary of the Company.
The Restricted Shares purchase price was $0.14 per share. The Restricted Shares and the Restricted Options, including the restricted
shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of the Restricted Options, were issued to the Funding Investors in reliance upon
the exemption from securities registration afforded by Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act after the Company obtained the approval
of such issuance from the Company’s shareholders. On December 3, 2015, in reliance on applicable
exemption from the securities laws registration requirements and subject to the Corporation shareholders’ approval for purposes
of compliance with the Nasdaq Rule 5635(c), the Committee approved and authorized the issuance of 5,791,717 restricted shares of
the Company common stock (subject to Rule 144 of the 1933 Securities Act, as amended) to Oleg Firer, the Chief Executive Officer
of the Company, in lieu of and in satisfaction of (unless the Corporation shareholders’ approval for such issuance is not
obtained by the end of the Corporation’s fiscal year 2016) accrued and unpaid compensation due to him in the amount of $1,042,509
(the “Accrued Cash Compensation”). Such restricted shares will be not issued and will be deemed forfeited if such shareholders’
approval is not obtained until the end of the Corporation’s fiscal year 2016, in which case Oleg Firer will be entitled to
the Accrued Cash Compensation. On December 3, 2015, in reliance on applicable
exemption from the securities laws registration requirements and subject to the Corporation shareholders’ approval for purposes
of compliance with the Nasdaq Rule 5635(c), the Committee awarded to Oleg Firer, the Chief Executive Officer of the Company, 3,750,000
restricted shares of the Company common stock as performance bonus. Such restricted shares will be not issued and will be deemed
forfeited if such shareholders’ approval is not obtained until the end of the Corporation’s fiscal year 2016. On December 3, 2015, in reliance on applicable
exemption from the securities laws registration requirements and subject to the Corporation shareholders’ approval for purposes
of compliance with the Nasdaq Rule 5635(c), the Committee awarded to Steven Wolberg, the Chief Legal Officer of the Company, 1,000,000
restricted shares of the Company common stock as performance bonus. Such restricted shares will be not issued and will be deemed
forfeited if such shareholders’ approval is not obtained until the end of the Corporation’s fiscal year 2016. II- 4 Item 16. | Exhibits. Exhibit No. | Description of Exhibit
1.1** | Form of Underwriting Agreement
2.1 | Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of June 12, 2012, by and between Cazador Acquisition Corporation Ltd. and Net Element, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on June 12, 2012)
2.2 | Contribution Agreement, dated April 16, 2013, among Net Element International, Inc., Unified Payments, LLC, TOT Group, Inc., Oleg Firer, and Georgia Notes 18 LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on April 17, 2013.
2.3 | Term Sheet, dated May 20, 2013, among TOT Group, Inc., Net Element International, Inc. and Aptito.com, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on May 22, 2013)
2.4 | Asset Purchase Agreement, dated June 18, 2013, between Aptito, LLC and Aptito.com, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on June 24, 2013)
2.5 | Contribution Agreement, dated September 25, 2013, among T1T Lab, LLC, Net Element International, Inc. and T1T Group, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on September 25, 2013)
2.6 | Assignment of Membership Interest, dated February 11, 2014, among T1T Group, LLC, Net Element, Inc., and T1T LAB, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.7 to the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Commission on April 15, 2014)
2.7 | Binding Offer Letter, dated March 16, 2015, among TOT Group Europe Ltd., Maglenta Enterprises Inc. and Champfremont Holding Ltd. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to Net Element’s Current Report on Form 8-K/A filed with the Commission on March 20, 2015)
3.1 | Certificate of Corporate Domestication of Cazador, filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware on October 2, 2012 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on October 5, 2012)
3.2 | Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Net Element International, Inc., a Delaware corporation, filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware on October 2, 2012 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on October 5, 2012)
3.3 | Amended and Restated Bylaws of Net Element International, Inc., a Delaware corporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.3 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on October 5, 2012)
3.4 | Certificate of Merger, filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware on October 2, 2012 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.4 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on October 5, 2012)
3.5 | Certificate of Amendment to Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation, dated December 5, 2013, changing the Company’s name from Net Element International, Inc. to Net Element, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on December 6, 2013) II- 5 3.6 | Certificate of Amendment to Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation, to increase authorized common stock to 200 million shares (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on December 17, 2014)
3.7 | Certificate of Designations, Preferences and Rights of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on May 1, 2015)
3.8 | Certificate of Amendment to Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation, dated June 15, 2015, to increase authorized common stock to 300 million shares (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on June 16, 2015)
3.9 | Amendment No. 1 to the Bylaws of the Company, dated June 15, 2015 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 of the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on June 16, 2015)
3.10 | Amendment No. 2 to the Bylaws of the Company, dated July 10, 2015(incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on July 10, 2015)
4.1 | Specimen Common Stock Certificate of Net Element International, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Registration Statement on Form S-4 filed by the Company with the Commission on August 31, 2012)
4.2 | Warrant Certificate of Cazador Acquisition Corporation Ltd. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to the Registration Statement on Form F-1 filed by the Company with the Commission on September 3, 2010)
4.3 | Registration Rights Agreement by and between Cazador Acquisition Corporation Ltd., Cazador Sub Holdings Ltd. and Others (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Registration Statement, as amended, on Form F-1/A filed by the Company with the Commission on October 6, 2010)
4.4 | Warrant Agreement by and between Cazador Acquisition Corporation Ltd. and Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.4 to the Registration Statement, as amended, on Form F-1/A filed by the Company with the Commission on October 6, 2010)
4.5 | Secured Convertible Senior Promissory Note dated April 21, 2014 between the Company and Cayman Invest, S.A. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to Net Element’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on April 22, 2014)
4.6 | Form of Note (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to Net Element’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on May 1, 2015)
4.7 | Form of Warrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to Net Element’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on May 1, 2015)
4.8 | Form of Option to Purchase Shares of Restricted Common Stock (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on September 16, 2015) II- 6 4.9 | Form of Amended and Restated Restricted Options to Purchase Shares of Restricted Common Stock (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to Net Element’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on October 7, 2015)
4.10* | Form of Senior Indenture
4.11* | Form of Subordinated Indenture
4.12* | Form of Senior Debt Security (included in Exhibit 4.10)
4.13* | Form of Subordinated Debt Security (included in Exhibit 4.11)
4.14** | Form of Certificate of Designation
4.15** | Form of Preferred Stock Certificate
4.16** | Form of Warrant Agreement
4.17** | Form of Warrant/Subscription Rights Certificate
4.18** | Form of Unit Agreement
4.19** | Form of Unit Certificate
5.1* | Opinion of Snell & Wilmer L.L.P.
10.1 | Form of Indemnification Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.9 to the Registration Statement on Form F-1 filed by the Company with the Commission on September 3, 2010)
10.2 | Memorandum of Understanding, dated March 23, 2012, by and between Cazador Acquisition Corporation Ltd. and Cazador Sub-Holdings Ltd. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.10 to the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2011, filed with the Commission on March 30, 2012)
10.3 | Membership Interest Purchase Agreement (Motorsport) dated as of February 1, 2011 between Enerfund, LLC and the Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.29 to the Company’s Transition Report on Form 10-KT/A filed with the Commission on February 3, 2011)
10.4 | Joint Venture Agreement, dated April 6, 2012, between Net Element, Inc. and Igor Yakovlevich Krutoy (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Net Element’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on April 12, 2012)
10.5 | Loan Agreement, dated July 4, 2012, between OOO Sat-Moscow and OOO Net Element Russia (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Net Element’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on July 10, 2012)
10.6 | Credit Agreement, dated August 17, 2012, between Alpha-Bank and OOO TOT Money (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Net Element’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on August 23, 2012)
10.7 | Agreement of Property Rights Pledge, dated August 17, 2012, between Alpha-Bank and OOO TOT Money (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to Net Element’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on August 23, 2012) II- 7 10.8 | General Agreement No. TR-0672 on General Conditions of Financing against Assignment of Monetary Claim (Factoring) within Russia, dated September 19, 2012, between Alpha-Bank and OOO TOT Money (including related supplementary agreements) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on October 10, 2012)
10.9 | Supplemental Agreements dated September 19, 2012, which amend the General Agreement No. TR-0672 on General Conditions of Financing against Assignment of Monetary Claim (Factoring) within Russia, dated September 19, 2012, between Alpha-Bank and OOO TOT Money (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.22 to the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Commission on April 12, 2013)
10.10# | Management and Consulting Services Agreement, dated October 24, 2012, between Bond Street Management LLC and Net Element International Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on October 30, 2012)
10.11 | Agreement on transfer of rights and obligations, dated July 1, 2012, among Mobile Telesystems OJSC, OOO RM-Invest and OOO TOT Money, with respect to Contract No. D0811373, dated July 1, 2008, between Mobile Telesystems OJSC and OOO RM-Invest (Net Element International, Inc. is requesting confidential treatment of certain information which has been omitted from this Agreement. The omitted information has been separately filed with the SEC.) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.33 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on November 19, 2012)
10.12 | Contract No. D0811373, dated July 1, 2008, between Mobile Telesystems OJSC and OOO RM-Invest (including material supplementary agreements related thereto) (Net Element International, Inc. is requesting confidential treatment of certain information which has been omitted from Contract No. D0811373 and certain of the material supplementary agreements related thereto. The omitted information has been separately filed with the SEC.) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.34 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on November 19, 2012)
10.13 | Contract No. CPA-86, dated September 1, 2012, between OJSC Megafon and OOO TOT Money (Net Element International, Inc. is requesting confidential treatment of certain information which has been omitted from Contract No. CPA-86. The omitted information has been separately filed with the SEC.) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.35 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on November 19, 2012)
10.14 | Contract No. 0382, dated September 20, 2012, between OJSC VimpelCom and OOO TOT Money (including Supplementary Agreement No. 1 thereto) (Net Element International, Inc. is requesting confidential treatment of certain information which has been omitted from Contract No. 0382 and Supplementary Agreement No. 1 thereto. The omitted information has been separately filed with the SEC.) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.35 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on November 19, 2012)
10.15 | Loan Agreement, dated November 26, 2012, between Net Element International, Inc. and Infratont Equities Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on November 30, 2012) II- 8 10.16 | Term Sheet, dated March 8, 2013, between Unified Payments, LLC and Net Element International, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on March 12, 2013)
10.17 | Loan Agreement, dated March 8, 2013, among Net Element International, Inc., Unified Payments, LLC, Oleg Firer and Georgia Notes 18 LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on March 12, 2013)
10.18 | Form of Secured Revolving Note made by Unified Payments, LLC and payable to Net Element International, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on March 12, 2013)
10.19 | Non-Recourse Guaranty, dated March 8, 2013, by Oleg Firer and Georgia Notes 18 LLC for the benefit of Net Element International, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on March 12, 2013)
10.20 | Pledge Agreement, dated March 8, 2013, among Oleg Firer, Georgia Notes 18 LLC and Net Element International, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on March 12, 2013)
10.21 | Loan Agreement, dated July 12, 2012, between OOO TOT Money and OOO RM Invest, as amended on July 30, 2012, August 17, 2012 and February 25, 2013 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.34 to the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Commission on April 12, 2013)
10.22 | Termination Agreement for Management and Consulting Agreement, dated April 15, 2013, between Net Element International, Inc. and Bond Street Management LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on April 17, 2013)
10.23 | Form of Indemnification Agreement for executive officers, entered into between Net Element International, Inc. and each of Jonathan New, Dmitry Kozko, and Francesco Piovanetti (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.8 to the Company’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended March 31, 2013, filed with the Commission on May 15, 2013)
10.24 | Contract No. CPA/ML-17, dated March 1, 2013, between ZAO MegaLabs and OOO TOT Money (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.9 to the Company’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended March 31, 2013, filed with the Commission on May 15, 2013) (Net Element, Inc. is requesting confidential treatment of certain information which has been omitted from Contract No. CPA/ML-17. The omitted information has been separately filed with the Commission.)
10.25 | Commercial Lease, dated May 1, 2013, between BGC LLC and Net Element International, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Company’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended June 30, 2013, filed with the Commission on August 19, 2013)
10.26 | Promissory Note, dated May 13, 2013, in the original principal amount of $2 million made by Net Element International, Inc. and payable to K1 Holding Limited (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 to the Company’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended June 30, 2013, filed with the Commission on August 19, 2013)
10.27# | Letter Agreement, dated January 14, 2013, among OOO TOT Money, Tcahai Hairullaevich Katcaev and Varwood Holdings Limited (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended June 30, 2013, filed with the Commission on August 19, 2013) II- 9 10.28# | Letter Agreement, dated July 1, 2013, among OOO TOT Money, OOO NETE, Net Element International, Inc. and Tcahai Hairullaevich Katcaev (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended June 30, 2013, filed with the Commission on August 19, 2013)
10.29# | Settlement, Separation Agreement and General Release, dated May 10, 2013, between Net Element International, Inc. and Curtis Wolfe (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to the Company’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended June 30, 2013, filed with the Commission on August 19, 2013)
10.30 | Letter Agreement, dated August 28, 2013, among Net Element International, Inc., Oleg Firer, Steven Wolberg, Vladimir Sadovskiy, Georgia Notes 18, LLC, Kenges Rakishev and Mike Zoi (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on September 10, 2013)
10.31 | Services Agreement, dated December 5, 2013, between Net Element International, Inc. an K 1 Holding Limited (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on December 6, 2013)
10.32 | Letter Agreement, dated December 5, 2013, among TGR Capital, LLC, Net Element International, Inc. and K 1 Holding Limited (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on December 6, 2013)
10.33 | Form of Incentive Stock Option Award Agreement Under the Net Element, Inc. 2013 Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.33 to the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Commission on March 30, 2015)
10.34 | Form of Non-Qualified Stock Option Award Agreement Under the Net Element, Inc. 2013 Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.34 to the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Commission on March 30, 2015)
10.35 | Form of Restricted Share Award Agreement Under the Net Element, Inc. 2013 Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.35 to the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Commission on March 30, 2015)
10.36 | Assignment of Membership Interest, dated February 11, 2014, between Net Element, Inc. and T1T Group, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Net Element’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended March 31, 2014, filed with the Commission on May 15, 2014)
10.37 | Loan and Security Agreement, dated June 30, 2014, among RBL Capital Group, LLC, as lender, and TOT Group, Inc., TOT Payments, LLC, TOT BPS, LLC, TOT FBS, LLC, Process Pink, LLC, TOT HPS, LLC and TOT New Edge, LLC, as co-borrowers (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Net Element’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on July 2, 2014)
10.38 | Amendment No. 1 effective June 30, 2014 between the Company and Oleg Firer, Steven Wolberg, Georgia Notes 18, LLC and Vladimir Sadovskiy (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to Net Element’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended June 30, 2014, filed with the Commission on August 14, 2014) II- 10 10.39 | Master Exchange Agreement, dated as of September 15, 2014 between the Company and Crede CG III, Ltd. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Net Element’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on September 15, 2014)
10.40 | Supplement Agreement No. 14, dated May 21, 2014 (but executed by OOO TOT Money on September 17, 2014), to the General Agreement No. TR-0672 on General Conditions of Financing against Assignment of Receivables (Factoring) within Russia, dated September 19, 2012, between JSC Alpha-Bank and OOO TOT Money (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Net Element’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on September 24, 2014)
10.41 | Supplement Agreement No. 15, dated September 17, 2014, to the General Agreement No. TR-0672 on General Conditions of Financing against Assignment of Receivables (Factoring) within Russia, dated September 19, 2012, between JSC Alpha-Bank and OOO TOT Money (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to Net Element’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on September 24, 2014)
10.42 | General Agreement No. 09969-HP on General Conditions of Factoring Services under “Liquidity” Program, dated as of November 5, 2014, between Bank Otkritie Financial Corporation and TOT Money Limited Liability Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Net Element’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on November 19, 2014)
10.43 | Additional Agreement on Factoring Services under “Finance” Program to General Agreement on General Conditions of Factoring Services under “Liquidity” Program No. 09969-HP as of November 5, 2014 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to Net Element’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on November 19, 2014)
10.44 | Equity Distribution Agreement between the Company and Revere Securities, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Net Element’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on January 28, 2015)
10.45 | Securities Purchase Agreement (Series A Preferred Stock) among the Company and the investors party thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on May 1, 2015)
10.46 | Voting Agreement (related to Series A Preferred Stock sale) among the Company and the stockholders party thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on May 1, 2015)
10.47 | Form of Lock-Up Agreement (related to Series A Preferred Stock transaction) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on May 1, 2015)
10.48 | Securities Purchase Agreement (Senior Convertible Notes and Warrants) among the Company and the investors party thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K/A filed with the Commission on July 17, 2015)
10.49 | Registration Rights Agreement among the Company and the investors party thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on May 1, 2015)
10.50 | Form of Lock-Up Agreement (related to Senior Convertible Notes and Warrants transaction) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on May 1, 2015) II- 11 10.51 | Form of Voting Agreement (related to Senior Convertible Notes and Warrants transaction) among the Company and the stockholders thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on May 1, 2015)
10.52 | Acquisition Agreement, dated May 20, 2015, among TOT Group Europe Ltd., ТOT Group Russia LLC, Maglenta Enterprises Inc. and Champfremont Holding Ltd., Polimore Capital Limited, Brosword Holding Limited and other Target Companies listed in Exhibit B thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on May 27, 2015)
10.53 | Escrow Agreement, dated May 20, 2015, among TOT Group Europe Ltd., ТOT Group Russia LLC, Maglenta Enterprises Inc., Champfremont Holding Ltd. and Reznick Law, PLLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on May 27, 2015)
10.54 | Guaranty, dated May 20, 2015, among Net Element, Inc., Maglenta Enterprises Inc. and Champfremont Holding Ltd. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on May 27, 2015)
10.55 | Guaranty, dated May 20, 2015, by Lacerta Management Ltd in favor of TOT Group Europe Ltd., and ТOT Group Russia LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-Kfiled with the Commission on May 27, 2015)
10.56 | Letter Agreement, dated August 4, 2015, by and among the Company and the investors listed on the signature pages attached thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on August 4, 2015)
10.57 | Letter Agreement, dated August 4, 2015, by and among the Company and the investors listed on the signature pages attached thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on August 4, 2015)
10.58 | Letter Agreement, dated as of September 11, 2015, among the Company and the investors listed on the signature pages attached thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on September 16, 2015)
10.59 | Additional Letter Agreement among the Company and the investors listed on the signature pages attached thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on October 7, 2015)
10.60 | Amendment to Letter Agreement dated August 4, 2015, dated December 1, 2015, by and among the Company and the investors listed on the signature pages attached thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on December 2, 2015)
10.61 | Amendment to Letter Agreement dated August 4, 2015, dated December 1, 2015, by and among the Company and the investors listed on the signature pages attached thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on December 2, 2015) II- 12 16.1 | Letter regarding change in certifying accountant from Daszkal Bolton LLP to the Securities and Exchange Commission, dated November 21, 2012 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on November 26, 2012)
21.1 | List of Subsidiaries (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 21.1 to the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Commission on March 30, 2015)
23.1* | Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (Daszkal Bolton LLP)
23.2* | Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (BDO USA, LLP)
24.1 | Power of Attorney (included on signature page)
25.1** | Form T-1 Statement of Eligibility of Trustee for Senior Indenture under the Trust Indenture Act of 1939
25.2** | Form T-1 Statement of Eligibility of Trustee for Subordinated Indenture under the Trust Indenture Act of 1939
31.1* | Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) or Rule 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
31.2* | Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) or Rule 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 # Indicates management contract or compensatory
plan or arrangement. * Filed herewith. ** To be filed by amendment or as an exhibit
to a report pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and incorporated herein by reference. Item 17. Undertakings. (a) The
undersigned Registrant hereby undertakes: (1) To
file, during any period in which offers or sales are being made, a post-effective amendment to this registration statement: (i) To
include any prospectus required by Section 10(a)(3) of the Securities Act of 1933; (ii) To
reflect in the prospectus any facts or events arising after the effective date of the registration statement (or the most recent
post-effective amendment thereof) which, individually or in the aggregate, represent a fundamental change in the information set
forth in the registration statement. Notwithstanding the foregoing, any increase or decrease in volume of securities offered (if
the total dollar value of securities offered would not exceed that which was registered) and any deviation from the low or high
end of the estimated maximum offering range may be reflected in the form of prospectus filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission
(the “Commission”) pursuant to Rule 424(b) if, in the aggregate, the changes in volume and price represent no more
than 20% change in the maximum aggregate offering price set forth in the “Calculation of Registration Fee” table in
the effective registration statement; and (iii) To
include any material information with respect to the plan of distribution not previously disclosed in the registration statement
or any material change to such information in the registration statement; II- 13 provided, however , that paragraphs (a)(1)(i) and (a)(1)(ii)
do not apply if the information required to be included in a post-effective amendment is provided pursuant to Item 1100(c) of Regulation
AB.. (2) That,
for the purpose of determining any liability under the Securities Act of 1933, each such post-effective amendment shall be deemed
to be a new registration statement relating to the securities offered therein, and the offering of such securities at that time
shall be deemed to be the initial bona fide offering thereof. (3) To
remove from registration by means of a post-effective amendment any of the securities being registered which remain unsold at the
termination of the offering. (4) That,
for the purpose of determining liability under the Securities Act of 1933 to any purchaser, if the Registrant is subject to Rule
430C, each prospectus filed pursuant to Rule 424(b) as part of a registration statement relating to an offering, other than registration
statements relying on Rule 430B or other than prospectuses filed in reliance on Rule 430A, shall be deemed to be part of and included
in the registration statement as of the date it is first used after effectiveness. Provided , however , that no statement
made in a registration statement or prospectus that is part of the registration statement or made in a document incorporated or
deemed incorporated by reference into the registration statement or prospectus that is part of the registration statement will,
as to a purchaser with a time of contract of sale prior to such first use, supersede or modify any statement that was made in the
registration statement or prospectus that was part of the registration statement or made in any such document immediately prior
to such date of first use. (5) That,
for the purpose of determining liability of the Registrant under the Securities Act of 1933 to any purchaser in the initial distribution
of the securities, the undersigned Registrant undertakes that in a primary offering of securities of the undersigned Registrant
pursuant to this registration statement, regardless of the underwriting method used to sell the securities to the purchaser, if
the securities are offered or sold to such purchaser by means of any of the following communications, the undersigned Registrant
will be a seller to the purchaser and will be considered to offer or sell such securities to such purchaser: (i) Any
preliminary prospectus or prospectus of the undersigned Registrant relating to the offering required to be filed pursuant to Rule
424; (ii) Any
free writing prospectus relating to the offering prepared by or on behalf of the undersigned Registrant or used or referred to
by the undersigned Registrant; (iii) The
portion of any other free writing prospectus relating to the offering containing material information about the undersigned Registrant
or its securities provided by or on behalf of the undersigned Registrant; and (iv) Any
other communication that is an offer in the offering made by the undersigned Registrant to the purchaser. (b) The
undersigned Registrant hereby undertakes that, for purposes of determining any liability under the Securities Act of 1933, each
filing of the Registrant’s annual report pursuant to Section 13(a) or Section 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
(and, where applicable, each filing of an employee benefit plan’s annual report pursuant to Section 15(d) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934) that is incorporated by reference in the registration statement shall be deemed to be a new registration
statement relating to the securities offered therein, and the offering of such securities at that time shall be deemed to be the
initial bona fide offering thereof. (c) The undersigned registrant hereby
undertakes to supplement the prospectus, after the expiration of the subscription period, to set forth the results of the subscription
offer, the transactions by the underwriters during the subscription period, the amount of unsubscribed securities to be purchased
by the underwriters, and the terms of any subsequent reoffering thereof. If any public offering by the underwriters is to be made
on terms differing from those set forth on the cover page of the prospectus, a post-effective amendment will be filed to set forth
the terms of such offering. II- 14 (d) The undersigned registrant hereby
undertakes to deliver or cause to be delivered with the prospectus, to each person to whom the prospectus is sent or given, the
latest annual report, to security holders that is incorporated by reference in the prospectus and furnished pursuant to and meeting
the requirements of Rule 14a-3 or Rule 14c-3 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and, where interim financial information
required to be presented by Article 3 of Regulation S-X is not set forth in the prospectus, to deliver, or cause to be delivered
to each person to whom the prospectus is sent or given, the latest quarterly report that is specifically incorporated by reference
in the prospectus to provide such interim financial information. (e) Insofar as indemnification for liabilities
arising under the Securities Act of 1933 may be permitted to directors, officers and controlling persons of the Registrant pursuant
to the provisions set forth or described in Item 15 of this registration statement, or otherwise, the Registrant has been advised
that in the opinion of the Commission such indemnification is against public policy as expressed in the Securities Act of 1933
and is, therefore, unenforceable. In the event that a claim for indemnification against such liabilities (other than the payment
by the Registrant of expenses incurred or paid by a director, officer or controlling person of the Registrant in the successful
defense of any action, suit or proceeding) is asserted by such director, officer or controlling person in connection with the securities
being registered, the Registrant will, unless in the opinion of its counsel the matter has been settled by controlling precedent,
submit to a court of appropriate jurisdiction the question whether such indemnification by it is against public policy as expressed
in the Securities Act of 1933 and will be governed by the final adjudication of such issue. (f) The undersigned registration hereby
undertakes to file an application for the purpose of determining the eligibility of the trustee to act under subsection (a) of
Section 310 of the Trust Indenture Act in accordance with the rules and regulations prescribed by the Commission under Section
305(b)(2) of the Trust Indenture Act. II- 15 SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
Act of 1933, as amended, the Registrant certifies that it has reasonable grounds to believe that it meets all of the requirements
for filing on Form S-1 and has duly caused this Registration Statement on Form S-1 to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned,
thereunto duly authorized, in Miami, Florida on January 7, 2016. NET ELEMENT, INC.
By: | /s/ Jonathan New
Name: Jonathan New
Title: Chief Financial Officer POWER OF ATTORNEY The officers and directors of Net Element, Inc. whose signatures
appear below, hereby constitute and appoint Jonathan New and Oleg Firer, and each of them severally, their true and lawful attorney-in-fact
and agent, with full power of substitution, with power to act alone, to sign and execute on behalf of the undersigned any and all
amendments to this Registration Statement on Form S-1, including post-effective amendments and any Registration Statement filed
pursuant to Rule 462(b) under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”), and each of the undersigned
does hereby ratify and confirm all that said attorney-in-fact and agent, or his substitutes, shall do or cause to be done by virtue
hereof. Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Act of 1933,
as amended, this Registration Statement on Form S-1 has been signed by the following persons in the capacities and on the dates
indicated. Signature | Title | Date
/s/ Oleg Firer | Chief Executive Officer and Director | January 7, 2016
Oleg Firer | (Principal Executive Officer)
/s/ Jonathan New | Chief Financial Officer | January 7, 2016
Jonathan New | (Principal Financial Officer; Principal
Accounting Officer)
/s/ Kenges Rakishev | Director | January 7, 2016
Kenges Rakishev
/s/ William Healy | Director | January 7, 2016
William Healy
/s/ David P.Kelley II | Director | January 7, 2016
David P. Kelley II
/s/ James Caan | Director | January 7, 2016
James Caan
/s/ Drew Freeman | Director | January 7, 2016
Drew Freeman