10-K 1 v371582_10k.htm FORM 10-K UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 FORM 10-K (Mark One) x ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the fiscal year ended December 31, 2013 OR ¨ TRANSITION
REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the transition period from __________ to __________ Commission file number: 001-34887 Net Element, Inc. (Exact name of registrant as specified in
its charter) Delaware | 98-0668024
(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) | (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 3363 NE 163 rd Street, Suite 705 North Miami Beach, FL 33160 | 33160
(Address of principal executive offices) | (Zip Code) Registrant’s telephone number, including
area code: (305) 507-8808 Securities registered under Section 12(b)
of the Exchange Act: Title of each class | Name of each exchange on which registered
Common Stock, par value $0.0001 per share | NASDAQ Capital Market Securities registered under Section 12(g)
of the Exchange Act: Warrants, each exercisable for one share of Common Stock
(Title of class) Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. ¨ YES x NO Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. ¨ YES x NO Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports),
and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. x YES ¨ NO Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive
Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (§ 232.405 of this chapter) during the
preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). x YES ¨ NO Indicate
by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K (§ 229.405 of this chapter) is not
contained herein, and will not be contained, to the best of registrant’s knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements
incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K. ¨ Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions
of “large accelerated filer,” “accelerated filer” and “smaller reporting company” in Rule 12b-2
of the Exchange Act. (Check one): Large accelerated filer ¨ | Accelerated filer ¨
Non-accelerated filer ¨ (Do not check if a smaller reporting company) | Smaller reporting company x Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). ¨ YES x NO The aggregate market value of the registrant’s
common equity, other than shares held by persons who may be deemed affiliates of the registrant, as of April 1, 2014 was approximately
$23,826,835 (based upon the reported closing price of $3.36 per share on April 1, 2014. For purposes of calculating the aggregate
market value of shares of our common stock held by non-affiliates, we have assumed that all outstanding shares are held by non-affiliates,
except for shares held by each of our executive officers, directors and Mike Zoi, who owns approximately 47.8% of the outstanding
shares of our common stock as of April 1, 2014. These assumptions should not be deemed to constitute an admission that all executive
officers, directors and Mike Zoi are, in fact, affiliates of our company, or that there are not other persons who may be deemed
to be affiliates of our company. The registrant had 32,273,298 shares
of common stock outstanding as of April 1, 2014. DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE: NONE Defined Terms; Share Amounts and Consideration
for Shares Net Element, Inc. (formerly known as Net Element International,
Inc.) is a corporation organized under the laws of the State of Delaware. As used in this Annual Report on Form 10-K (this “Report”),
unless the context otherwise requires, the terms “Company,” “we,” “us,” and “our”
refer to Net Element, Inc. and, as applicable, its majority-owned and consolidated subsidiaries. All amounts of shares and consideration for shares (including,
without limitation, purchase prices, exercise prices and conversion prices) described in this Report for periods prior to October
2, 2012 (which was the closing date of the Company’s merger with Net Element, Inc.) have been adjusted to give effect to
the conversion ratio for shares of Net Element, Inc. common stock that were cancelled and converted into shares of the Company’s
common stock pursuant to the Merger Agreement. Pursuant to the terms of the Merger Agreement, upon completion of the Merger, each
share of then-issued and outstanding common stock of Net Element, Inc. was automatically cancelled and converted into the right
to receive one-fortieth (1/40) of a share of the Company’s common stock. For additional information regarding the Merger,
see “Development of Business” in Part I, Item 1 of this Report and Note 4 of the accompanying Notes to Consolidated
Financial Statements. 2 Forward-Looking Statements This Report contains forward-looking statements within the meaning
of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. Any
statements contained in this Report that are not statements of historical fact may be deemed forward-looking statements. Forward-looking
statements generally are identified by the words “expects,” “anticipates,” “believes,” “intends,”
“estimates,” “aims,” “plans,” “may,” “will,” “continue,”
“seeks,” “should,” “believe,” “potential” or the negative of such terms and similar
expressions. Forward-looking statements are based on current plans, estimates and projections, and therefore you should not place
too much reliance on them. Forward-looking statements speak only as of the date they are made, and the Company undertakes no obligation
to update any forward-looking statement in light of new information or future events, except as expressly required by law. Forward-looking
statements involve inherent risks and uncertainties, most of which are difficult to predict and are generally beyond the Company’s
control. The Company cautions you that a number of important factors could cause actual results or outcomes to differ materially
from those expressed in, or implied by, the forward-looking statements. These factors include, among other factors: · | the impact of any new or changes made to laws, regulations, card network rules or other industry standards affecting our business; · | the impact of any significant chargeback liability and liability for merchant or customer fraud, which we may not be able to accurately anticipate and/or collect; · | our ability to secure or successfully migrate merchant portfolios to new bank sponsors if current sponsorships are terminated; · | our and our bank sponsors’ ability to adhere to the standards of the Visa and MasterCard payment card associations; · | our reliance on third-party processors and service providers; · | our dependence on independent sales groups (“ISGs”) that do not serve us exclusively to introduce us to new merchant accounts; · | our ability to pass along increases in interchange costs and other costs to our merchants; · | our ability to protect against unauthorized disclosure of merchant and cardholder data, whether through breach of our computer systems or otherwise; · | the effect of the loss of key personnel on our relationships with ISGs, card associations, bank sponsors and our other service providers; · | the effects of increased competition, which could adversely impact our financial performance; · | the impact of any increase in attrition due to an increase in closed merchant accounts and/or a decrease in merchant charge volume that we cannot anticipate or offset with new accounts; · | the effect of adverse business conditions on our merchants; · | our ability to adopt technology to meet changing industry and customer needs or trends; · | the impact of any decline in the use of credit cards as a payment mechanism for consumers or adverse developments with respect to the credit card industry in general; · | the impact of any adverse conditions in industries in which we obtain a substantial amount of our bankcard processing volume; · | the impact of seasonality on our operating results; · | the impact of any failure in our systems due to factors beyond our control; · | the impact of any material breaches in the security of third-party processing systems we use; · | the impact of any new and potential governmental regulations designed to protect or limit access to consumer information; · | the impact on our profitability if we are required to pay federal, state or local taxes on transaction processing; · | the impact on our growth and profitability if the markets for the services that we offer fail to expand or if such markets contract; · | our ability (or inability) to continue as a going concern; · | the willingness of the Company’s majority stockholders, and/or other affiliates of the Company, to continue investing in the Company’s business to fund working capital requirements; · | the Company’s ability (or inability) to obtain additional financing in sufficient amounts or on acceptable terms when needed; · | the impact on our operating results as a result of impairment of our goodwill and intangible assets; 3 · | our material weaknesses in internal control over financial reporting and our ability to maintain effective controls over financial reporting in the future; and · | the other factors identified in the section of this Report entitled “Risk Factors.” If these or other risks and uncertainties (including those described
in Part I, Item 1A of this Report and the Company’s subsequent filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the
“Commission”)) materialize, or if the assumptions underlying any of these statements prove incorrect, the Company’s
actual results may be materially different from those expressed or implied by such statements. We undertake no obligation to publicly
revise any forward-looking statement to reflect circumstances or events after the date of this Report to reflect the occurrence
of unanticipated events. You should, however, review the factors and risks described in the reports we file from time-to-time with
the Commission after the date of this Report. World Wide Web addresses contained in this Report are for explanatory
purposes only and they (and the content contained therein) do not form a part of, and are not incorporated by reference into, this
Report. 4 TABLE OF CONTENTS Page
PART I
Item 1. | Business. | 6
Item 1A. | Risk Factors. | 19
Item 1B. | Unresolved Staff Comments. | 28
Item 2. | Properties. | 28
Item 3. | Legal Proceedings. | 29
Item 4. | Mine Safety Disclosures. | 30
PART II
Item 5. | Market for Registrant’s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. | 30
Item 6. | Selected Financial Data. | 31
Item 7. | Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. | 31
Item 7A. | Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk. | 44
Item 8. | Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. | 44
Item 9. | Changes In and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. | 44
Item 9A. | Controls and Procedures. | 44
Item 9B. | Other Information. | 47
PART III
Item 10. | Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance. | 47
Item 11. | Executive Compensation. | 51
Item 12. | Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. | 52
Item 13. | Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence. | 54
Item 14. | Principal Accountant Fees and Services. | 57
PART IV
Item 15. | Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules. | 58
Signatures | 59 5 PART I Item 1. Business. Company Overview Net Element, Inc. (“Net Element”) is
a financial technology-driven group specializing in mobile payments and value-added transactional services in
emerging countries and in the United States. The Company operates in a single operating segment, that being a provider
of transactional services and mobile payment solutions. The Company’s operating segment is based on
geographic location. Geographic areas in which the Company operates include the United States, where through its U.S. based
subsidiaries it generates revenues from transactional services and valued-added payment technologies for small and
medium-sized businesses (“SME”). Through TOT Group Russia and Net Element Russia, we operate the Company’s
international segment focused on transactional services, mobile payments transactions and value-added payment technologies
in emerging countries including Russian Federation and the Commonwealth of Independent States (“CIS”). General Business Developments In 2013, we completed a number of acquisitions and dispositions
in pursuit of our strategy to reposition our business activities with the goal of enhancing financial results, creation of a strong
operational foundation and competitive advantage. We believe these transactions have realigned our company into a strong financial
technology driven service company with a more balanced and stable business mix. Our primary acquisitions and dispositions during 2013 were as
follows (see “Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations –
Significant Developments in Our Business in 2013”): · | On April 16, 2013, newly formed TOT Group and its subsidiaries acquired substantially all of the business assets of Unified Payments, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (“Unified Payments”). Unified Payments provides comprehensive turnkey, payment-processing solutions to small and medium size business owners (“Merchants”), independent sales agents and independent sales groups (“ISGs”) across the United States. See Note 4 of the accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information regarding this acquisition. · | On June 24, 2013, TOT Group, through its newly formed subsidiary Aptito, LLC (“Aptito”) acquired substantially all of the business assets of Aptito.com, Inc., a New York corporation. Aptito is a new generation of smart, customer engaged, patent-pending, cloud-based payments platform, mobile Point of Sale (“mPOS”), mobile commerce application and self-ordering Apple® iPad®-based kiosk. See Note 4 of the accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information regarding this acquisition. · | During the third quarter of 2013, in order to reposition our business activities and focus on financial technology and transactional services, the Company divested its ownership in non-core assets, which included its subsidiaries Openfilm, LLC, Motorsport, LLC, Splinex, LLC, LegalGuru, LLC and MUSIC 1 LLC (a/k/a OOO Music1) (collectively, the "Disposed Subsidiaries") by contributing to T1T Lab, LLC, a Florida limited liability company ("T1T Lab") all of its membership and participation interests in such subsidiaries in exchange for a 10% membership interest in T1T Lab. T1T Lab is a wholly owned subsidiary of T1T Group, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company ("T1T Group"). T1T Group was issued a 90% membership interest in T1T Lab in exchange for contributions that will be made to T1T Lab from time to time when requested by T1T Lab of such services and/or cash as determined by T1T Group in its sole and absolute discretion in order to manage and operate the Disposed Subsidiaries and their respective businesses. T1T Group is wholly-owned by Enerfund, LLC (which is wholly-owned by Mike Zoi, a director and majority stockholder of the Company). Openfilm, LLC, which develops technology and a website that supports the advancement of independent film on the Internet, was originally acquired in 2010. Motorsport, LLC, which is an online news and information service that distributes content related to the motor sports industry, was originally acquired in 2011. Splinex, LLC, which develops technology and web services focused in the areas of three dimensional (3D) imagery and video, was formed by the Company in 2011. LegalGuru, LLC, which is developing a video-centric, legal information portal, was originally acquired in 2012. MUSIC1 LLC, which operates an online music distribution platform in the Commonwealth of Independent States (CIS) countries, was acquired by the Company in 2011.The Disposed Subsidiaries constituted all of the Company's interests in online media businesses and operations (referred to herein collectively as the Company's "entertainment assets"). Operations of the divested businesses are presented as discontinued operations in the audited consolidated financial statements. 6 · | Subsequent to the 2013 fiscal year, during the first quarter of 2014, Company further reduced its liabilities by divesting its 10% ownership interest in T1T Lab, LLC in exchange for termination of its obligation to commit funding of T1T Lab, LLC associated with its equity ownership. · | The Company changed its name to Net Element, Inc. on December 15, 2013. Our Corporate Organization Our Company was formed in 2010 and incorporated as a Cayman Islands exempted company with limited liability
under the name Cazador Acquisition Corporation Ltd. (Cazador). Cazador was a blank check company
incorporated for the purpose of effecting a merger; share capital exchange; asset acquisition; share purchase; reorganization or
similar business combination with one or more operating businesses or assets. In 2012, Cazador completed a merger (the “Merger”)
with Net Element, Inc., a Delaware corporation (“Net Element”), which was a company with businesses in the online media
and mobile commerce payment processing markets. Immediately prior to the effectiveness of the Merger, the Company (then known as
Cazador Acquisition Corporation Ltd.) changed its jurisdiction of incorporation by discontinuing as an exempted company in the
Cayman Islands and continuing and domesticating as a corporation incorporated under the laws of the State of Delaware. Effective
upon consummation of the Merger, (i) Net Element was merged with and into the Company, resulting in Net Element ceasing to exist
and the Company continuing as the surviving company in the Merger, and (ii) the Company changed its name to Net Element International,
Inc. In 2013, Company divested its non-core entertainment assets. In December 2013, the Company changed its name to Net Element,
Inc. We entered the mobile payments business through the launch of TOT Money in Russian in 2012. We entered the financial technology
and value-added transactional service business through the acquisitions of Unified Payments in April 2013 and Aptito in June 2013.
Our principal office is located at 3363 NE 163 rd Street, Suite 705, North Miami Beach, Florida 33160, and our main telephone
number is (305) 507-8808. Our Industry Segment The Company manages one segment consisting of
transactional processing and mobile payment solutions. TOT Payments, our
transactional processing group for the SME business
provides technology and services that businesses require to accept cashless transactions. TOT Payments processes cashless transactions
for card-present (or “swipe”) or card-not-present transactions, including point-of-sale (“POS”), mobile
POS (“mPOS”), Internet businesses, service-oriented businesses, and mail order / telephone order (“MOTO”)
merchants. TOT Payments also processes other cashless transactions including checks and direct debits. TOT Payments markets its
services in United States under the brand Unified Payments ( www.unifiedpayments.com ). Our United States operations also
include Aptito. Aptito, our mPOS and value-added services technology, helps restaurants drive consumer engagement via tablet,
mobile and all other cloud-connected devices. Aptito’s proprietary, patent-pending, cloud-based mPOS platform provides hospitality
merchants with tools to increase sales, productivity and customer loyalty ( www.aptito.com ). Our mobile payments business provides carrier-integrated mobile
payments solutions. TOT Money’s relationships with mobile operators give the Company substantial geographic coverage, a
strong capacity for innovation in mobile payments and messaging, and the ability to offer its clients In-App, P-SMS, Online and
Carrier Billing ( www.totmoney.ru ). In addition, we have engineering services located in Russia and Ukraine that provide engineering services to our payment processing and mobile payment solutions business. 7 Our Services TOT Payments. TOT Payments under the brand Unified Payments,
provides technology and services that businesses require to accept cashless transactions at the point of sale. We process cashless
transactions for card-present or card-not-present transactions, including point-of-sale, mobile POS, Internet businesses, service-oriented
businesses, and mail order / telephone order merchants. TOT Payments services are distributed in most part through independent
sales groups (“ISGs”), value-added resellers, system integrators and affinity partners. We provide merchants with turnkey payment acceptance solutions,
which include: the necessary hardware and software as well as the necessary technology to integrate into their existing point of
sale systems, applications and websites. We also provide transaction processing, training, on-going customer and technical support,
risk management to help detect and prevent fraudulent transactions, real-time online reporting, analytics and administrative tools.
For these services, we charge our merchants a discount fee, or the “Merchant Discount”, which is based primarily on
a percentage of the dollar amount of each transaction we process. The Merchant Discount may vary based on several factors, including
the type of merchant, the type of card used and whether the transaction process is a swipe transaction or a card-not-present transaction. A transaction is initiated when a consumer purchases a product
or service at a merchant using his or her card. At the point of sale, the consumer’s credit card information is submitted
to our processing vendor, which then communicates with the card-issuing bank through the proper association network (such as Visa
or MasterCard) to authorize the transaction. After authorization, we instruct our processing vendor to route funds from the card-issuing
bank to our sponsoring bank. Our sponsoring bank, which sponsors us for membership in the Visa, MasterCard or other card association,
settles the transaction with the merchant. We pay interchange fees and assessment fees to the card-issuing bank and the credit
card association, respectively, which are typically passed through in the Merchant Discount. We outsource certain services to third
parties, including the receipt and settlement of funds and after-hours customer and technical support. We believe this structure
allows us to maintain an efficient operating structure and enables us to expand our operations without significantly increasing
our fixed costs or capital expenditures. The following table provides an example of a typical
transaction in the United States, including amounts paid to the card-issuing bank, Visa, MasterCard or other card
association, the processing vendor, the sponsoring bank and us. This table also presents our other costs of services, which
include sales related costs, merchant losses and various other expenses. US Dollars
Purchase amount | $ | 100.00
Less: cash to merchant | (97.00 | )
TOT’s gross revenue (Merchant Discounts) | $ | 3.00
Less: interchange fees | (1.84 | )
Less: network dues and bank processing fees | (0.12 | )
TOT’s net settlement | $ | 1.04
Less: other transactional costs | (0.21 | )
TOT’s processing margin | $ | 0.83 8 Relationships with Sponsors and Processors In order to provide transaction-processing services for Visa
and MasterCard transactions, a financial institution that is a principal member of the Visa and MasterCard card association must
sponsor us. Additionally, we must be registered with Visa and MasterCard as a member service provider. Sponsoring Banks . Because we are not a member bank as
defined by Visa and MasterCard rules and regulations, in order to authorize and settle bankcard transactions for our merchants,
we must be sponsored by a financial institution that holds a member bank status. We have agreements with several banks that sponsor
us for membership in the Visa and MasterCard card associations and settle card transactions for our merchants. The principal sponsoring
bank through which we process the majority of our transaction in the United States is BMO Harris Bank. From time to time, we may
enter into agreements with additional banks. See “Risk Factors – Risk Factors Relating to Our Business – We rely
on bank sponsors, which have substantial discretion with respect to certain elements of our business practices, in order to process
bankcard transactions. If these sponsorships are terminated and we are not able to secure or successfully migrate merchant portfolio
to new bank sponsors, we will not be able to conduct our business.” Processing Vendors. We have agreements with several processing
vendors to provide us with, on a non-exclusive basis transaction processing and transmittal, transaction authorization and data
capture, and access to various reporting tools. Our primary processing vendor in the United States is Cynergy Data, LLC (“Cynergy”),
which provides us with the processing conduit to Total System Services, Inc. (“TSYS”) authorization and settlement
network. We have entered into several service agreements with Cynergy. Each of the Cynergy service agreements may be terminated
by Cynergy if, among other things, (i) certain insolvency events occur with respect to us or (ii) we fail to maintain
our good standing in the Visa or MasterCard associations. We may terminate each of the agreements if, among other things, (i) certain
insolvency events occur with respect to Cynergy, (ii) Cynergy materially breaches any of the terms, covenants or conditions
of the agreements and fails to cure such breach within 30 days following receipt of written notice thereof, or (iii) under
certain circumstances, Cynergy is unable to perform services described in the agreement. As an example of processing an electronic payment, the
below diagram illustrates the participants involved in a credit card transaction. There are four main participants, the
merchant, the service provider (TOT payments) the sponsoring bank and the data processor. Merchants are primarily business
owners that accept credit card payment in exchange for their merchandise and services. Our Merchant Base In the United States, we have developed significant expertise
in industries that we believe present relatively low risks as the customers are generally present and the products or services
are generally delivered at the time the transaction is processed. These include: · | Professional service providers · | Restaurants · | Brick and mortar retailers · | Educational service providers · | Food stores · | Automotive sales and repair shops · | Hotel and lodging establishments Merchants we serve typically process on average $10,000 a month
in credit card transactions and have an average transaction value of approximately $50.00 per transaction. Larger payment processors
have traditionally underserved these merchants. As a result, these merchants have historically paid higher transaction fees than
larger merchants and have not been provided with tailored solutions and on-going services those larger merchants typically receive
from larger payment processing providers. As of December 31, 2013, approximately 26% of our SME merchants
were professional services providers, approximately 21% were restaurants, approximately 19% were brick and mortar
retailers, approximately 14% were educational services, approximately 10% were food stores, approximately 9% were automotive
sales and repair shops, and approximately 3% were hotel and lodging establishments. No single SME accounted for more than .7% of our total SME
Visa and MasterCard processing volume in 2013 and during 2013 our top 25 SME merchants represented only 7.7% of our SME Visa
and Mastercard processing volume. This merchant diversification makes as less sensitive to changing economic conditions in any
particular industry. We believe our loss of any single since merchant would not have a material adverse effect on our
financial condition or results of operations. 9 In December 2013, SME merchants located in the following states
represented the following percentage of our SME card processing volume: New York represented 21.4%, California represented 9.3%,
New Jersey represented 9.2%, Florida represented 7.6% and Texas represented 5.9%, respectively. No other state represented more
than 4% of our total SME card processing volume. Our geographic concentration tends to reflect the state where we have historically
maintained a stronger sales force. Merchant and Transaction Risk Management We focus our sales efforts on low-risk bankcard merchants and
have developed systems and procedures designed to minimize our exposure to potential merchant losses. Effective risk management helps us minimize merchant losses
for the mutual benefit of our merchants, ISGs and ourselves. Our risk management procedures also help protect us from fraud perpetrated
by our merchants. We believe our knowledge and experience in dealing with attempted fraud has resulted in our development and implementation
of effective risk management and fraud prevention systems and procedures for the types of fraud discussed in this section. In 2013,
we experienced losses of .02% of our SME card processing volume. We employ the following systems and procedures to minimize our
exposure to merchant and transaction fraud: · | Application Evaluation Underwriting . There are varying degrees of risk associated with different merchant types based on their industry, the nature of the merchant’s business, processing volumes and average transaction size. As such, varying levels of scrutiny are needed to evaluate a merchant application and to underwrite a prospective merchant account. These range from basic due diligence for merchants with low risk profiles to more comprehensive review for higher risk merchants. The results of this assessment serves as the basis for decisions regarding acceptance of the merchant account, criteria for establishing reserve requirements, processing limits, average transaction amounts and pricing. Once aggregated, these factors also assist TOT Payments in monitoring transactions for those accounts when pre-determined criteria have been exceeded. · | Merchant Monitoring. We employ several levels of merchant account monitoring to help us identify suspicious transactions and trends. Daily merchant activity is sorted into a number of customized reports by our systems. Our risk management team reviews any unusual activity highlighted by these reports, such as larger than normal transactions or credits, and monitors other parameters that are helpful in identifying suspicious activity. We have daily windows to decide if any transactions should be held for further review, which provides us time to interview a merchant or issuing bank to determine the validity of suspicious transactions. We also place merchants who require special monitoring on alert status and have engaged a third-party web crawling solution that scans all merchant websites for content and integrity. · | Investigation and Loss Prevention. If a merchant exceeds any parameters established by our underwriting and/or risk management staff or violates regulations established by the applicable bankcard network or the terms of our merchant agreement, one of our investigators will identify the incident and take appropriate action to reduce our exposure to loss and the exposure of our merchant. This action may include requesting additional transaction information, withholding or diverting funds, verifying delivery of merchandise or even deactivating the merchant account. Additionally, Relationship Managers may be instructed to retrieve equipment owned by us. In addition, to protect ourselves from unexpected losses we maintain a reserve account with our sponsoring bank, which can be used to offset any losses incurred at a given time. As of December 31, 2013, our reserve balance was $63,525, our reserve is capped at $250,000 at any given time and replenished by funding 0.03% of bankcard processing volume in the event we need to use it to fund an unexpected loss. This reserve is accounted for on our balance sheet under restricted cash account. 10 · | Reserves. Some of our merchants are required to post reserves (cash deposits) that are used to offset chargebacks incurred. Our sponsoring banks hold such reserves related to our merchant accounts as long as we are exposed to loss resulting from a merchant’s processing activity. In the event that a small company finds it difficult to post a cash reserve upon opening an account with us, we may build the reserve by retaining a percentage of each transaction the merchant performs until the reserve is established. This solution permits the merchant to fund our reserve requirements gradually as its business develops. As of December 31, 2013, our total reserve deposits were approximately $30,000 We have no legal title to the cash accounts maintained at the sponsor bank in order to cover potential chargeback and related losses under the applicable merchant agreements. We also have no legal obligation to these merchants with respect to these reserve accounts. Accordingly, we do not include these accounts and the corresponding obligation to the merchants in our consolidated financial statements. Market Overview The financial technology and transaction processing industry
is an integral part of today's worldwide financial structure. The industry is continually evolving, driven in large part by technological
advances. The benefits of card-based payments allow merchants to access a broader universe of consumers, enjoy faster settlement
times and reduce transaction errors. By using credit or debit cards, consumers are able to make purchases more conveniently, whether
in person, over the Internet, or by mail, fax or telephone, while gaining the benefit of loyalty programs, such as frequent flyer
miles or cash back, which are increasingly being offered by credit or debit card issuers. Consumers are also beginning to use card-based and other electronic
payment methods for purchases at an earlier age in life, and increasingly for small dollar amount purchases. Given these advantages
of card-based payment systems to merchants and consumers, favorable demographic trends, and the resulting proliferation of credit
and debit card usage, we believe businesses will increasingly seek to accept card-based payment systems in order to remain competitive. Our management believes that cash transactions are becoming
progressively obsolete. The proliferation of bankcards has made the acceptance of bankcard payments a virtual necessity for many
businesses, regardless of size, in order to remain competitive. In addition, the advent and growth of e-commerce have marked a
significant new trend in the way business is being conducted. E-commerce is dependent upon credit and debit cards, as well as other
cashless payment processing methods. The payment processing industry continues to evolve rapidly,
based on the application of new technology and changing customer needs. We intend to continue to evolve with the market to provide
the necessary technological advances to meet the ever-changing needs of our market place. Traditional players in the industry must
quickly adapt to the changing environment or be left behind in the competitive landscape. Competition The payment processing industry is highly competitive. We compete
with other providers of payment processing services on the basis of the following factors: · | quality and reliability of service; · | ability to evaluate, undertake and manage risk; · | ability to attract and retain independent sales organizations; · | ability to offer differentiating products and services; · | speed in approving merchant applications and deploying equipment; and · | cost to the customer. We are committed not only to servicing clients' current processing
needs, but also to being amongst the first to make available new technologies that may improve our merchants’ respective
competitive positions. We are committed to gaining the expertise and relationships to adopt and implement new technologies that
we believe may differentiate our service offerings. 11 Many large and small companies compete with us in providing
payment processing services and related services to a wide range of merchants. Many of our current and prospective competitors
have substantially greater financial, technical and marketing resources, larger customer bases, longer operating histories, more
developed infrastructures, greater name recognition and/or more established relationships in the industry than we have. Because
of this our competitors may be able to adopt more aggressive pricing policies than we can, develop and expand their service offerings
more rapidly, adapt to new or emerging technologies and changes in customer requirements more quickly, take advantage of acquisitions
and other opportunities more readily, achieve greater economies of scale, and devote greater resources to the marketing and sale
of their services. There are also many smaller transaction processors that provide various services to small and medium sized merchants.
See “Risk Factors - Risk Factors Relating to Our Business - The payment processing industry is highly competitive and such
competition is likely to increase, which may further adversely influence our prices to merchants, and as a result, our profit margins.” We believe that our specific focus on smaller merchants, in
addition to our understanding of the needs and risks associated with providing payment processing services to small merchants and
ISGs, gives us a competitive advantage over larger competitors, which have a broader market perspective and priorities. We also
believe that we have a competitive advantage over competitors of a similar or smaller size that may lack our extensive experience,
value-added product offering and resources. Our Business Strategy To continue to grow our business, our strategy is to focus on
providing merchants with the ability to process a variety of electronic transactions, including both card-present and card-not-present
credit and debit transactions. Key elements of our business strategy include: · | continuing to strive to enhance our risk management capabilities and solutions for our merchants; · | expanding our merchant customer base in our payment processing for the SME business segment; · | expanding into high growth segments and verticals; · | broaden and deepen our distribution channels; and · | expanding the geographical availability of our payment processing services and value-added product offering into new territories. With our existing infrastructure and supplier relationships,
we believe that we can accommodate expected industry growth. We believe that our available capacity and infrastructure will allow
us to take advantage of operational efficiencies as we grow our processing volume and expand to other geographical territories. Sales and Marketing We market and sell our services to merchants throughout the
United States primarily through a network of ISGs, which are non-employee, external sales organizations with which we have contractual
relationships, partnerships with various associations, value-added resellers and technology integrators, through the use of electronic
media, telemarketing and other programs utilizing partnerships with other companies that market products and services to small
businesses. Our relationships with ISGs are typically mutually non-exclusive, permitting us to establish relationships with multiple
ISGs and permitting our groups to enter into relationships with other providers of transaction processing services. We believe
that this sales approach provides us with access to an experienced sales force to market our services with limited investment in
sales infrastructure and management time. We believe our focus on the unique needs of small and medium size merchants allows us
to develop compelling offerings for our sales channels to bring to prospective merchants and provides us with a competitive advantage
in our target market. Among the services and capabilities we provide are rapid application response time, merchant application
acceptance by fax or on-line submission, superior customer service, merchant reporting and robust analytics. In addition, by controlling
the underwriting process we believe we offer the ISGs more rapid and consistent review of merchant applications than may be available
from other service providers. Additionally, in certain circumstances, we offer our sales organizations tailored compensation programs
and unique technology applications to assist them in the sales process. We keep an open dialogue with our sales partners to address
their concerns as quickly as possible and work with them in investigating chargebacks or potentially suspicious activity with the
aim of ensuring our merchants do not unduly suffer downtime or the unnecessary withholding of funds. 12 As compensation for their referral of merchant accounts, we
pay our ISGs an agreed-upon residual, or percentage of the income we derive from the transactions we process from the merchants
they refer to us. The amount of the residuals we pay to our ISGs varies on a case-by-case basis and depends on several factors,
including but not limited to the number and type of merchants each group refers to us. We provide additional incentives to our
ISGs, including, from time to time, advances and merchant acquisition bonuses that are secured by income earned from the referred
merchant and repayable from future compensation that may be earned by the groups in respect to the merchant they have referred
to us. As of December 31, 2013, we had provided merchant acquisition incentives to ISGs in an aggregate amount of $0.5 million.
Our organic growth plan calls for future incentives to be funded to our ISGs for referred merchants. Value-Added Technology and Services Our Services Aptito – Aptito is a new generation of proprietary,
smart, customer engaged, patent-pending payments platform, mPOS, mobile commerce application and self-ordering Apple® iPad®-based
kiosk. Through its disruptive, cloud-based payments platform Aptito offers merchants an innovative, socially driven, all-in-one
digital software solution that offers a complete package of features for the food-service industry. Aptito’s Restaurant mPOS
solution provides restaurants with tools to increase sales, productivity, and customer loyalty. Aptito’s suite of fully linked
tools enables inventory management, complete payroll, staff scheduling, patron reservations and digital menus. We believe the Aptito all-in-one digital solution is the next
evolutionary step for restaurants that are seeking to increase customer awareness and loyalty, offer their valued customers a modern
and interactive way to order food, and receive personalized and interactive service. Aptito’s all-in-one social solution
will drive traffic to restaurants via deals, specials, promotions, and rewards. We expect our social media integration to propel
Aptito above platforms that lack social integration and position Aptito to achieve a substantial market share. Payment Browser – We have developed, what we believe
is the industry’s first customizable, fully integrated front end payment application, known as Payment Browser. Our unique,
Internet browser-based software platform allows rapid integration of secure, payment processing services into existing web application
or Microsoft® Windows-based point-of-sale software without any programming or time consuming PA-DSS and PCI-DSS compliance
validation. The Payment Browser application runs alongside of your application, allowing the user to process PA-DSS validated electronic
transactions. Payment Browser software turns any PC or PC-based POS system into a secure payment-accepting device. It supports
a wide range of peripherals, making it easy to accept all payment types including credit, debit, checks, stored value/loyalty,
purchasing cards (level II), and more. Payment Browser is currently integrated into many practice management systems in the healthcare
sector. TOT Platform – Our omni-channel transactional platform
and mobile payments billing system makes payment solutions possible across multiple channels. TOT Platform provides the latest
mobile payment solutions including premium SMS billing, mobile subscriptions, direct carrier-billing and WAP billing to allow users
to easily and securely pay for web or mobile content. Leveraging our extensive mobile operator relationships and market expertise,
our transactional platform and mobile billing system offers customers a variety of mobile payment solutions through an extensive
network of mobile operator networks and any device type. TOT Platform is currently utilized in our international business segment. Research and Development We recognize the importance of having access to leading technology
in order to develop advanced products for our customers, independent sales agents and for our own internal use. To this end, we
maintain two teams of development engineers, quality assurance professionals and technical code writers dedicated to financial
services and value-added technology business. Financial services development team is located in Yekaterinburg, Russia. As of December
31, 2013, approximately 15 persons were engaged in such activity. Value-added technology team is located in Kharkov, Ukraine. As
of December 31, 2013, approximately 14 independent contractors were engaged in such activity. Intellectual Property We have several trademarks and service marks, all of which are
material importance to us. The following trademarks and service marks are the subject of trademark registrations and are used in
our financial services business: 13 1. | Unified Payments
2. | Unified Payments - experience, confidence, growth
3. | Process Pink
4. | Process Pink for a cure 5. | Process Pink Bankcard Processing 6. | Pink Pay We regard our software as proprietary and attempt to protect
it, where applicable, with copyrights, trade secret measures and non-disclosure agreements. Despite these protections, it may be
possible for competition or users to copy aspects of our intellectual property or to obtain information that we regard as trade
secrets. Existing copyright laws afford only limited practical protection for computer software. The laws of foreign countries
generally do not protect our proprietary rights in our products to the same extent as the laws of the United States. In addition,
we may experience more difficulty in enforcing our proprietary rights in certain foreign jurisdictions. Patent Application number
13/471,717 was filed with United States Patent and Trademark Office on May 15, 2012 for “Restaurant Communication System
and Method Utilizing Digital Menus.” Application for patent was assigned to Aptito, LLC on June 26, 2013. Integrated Mobile Payments and Transaction Services Our Services The following services are provided outside the United
States and include: value-added mobile payments; mobile billing; SMS messaging; integrated mobile payments; and transaction
processing services in card-present and card-not-present environments. TOT Group (Emerging Markets) . In 2013 TOT Group has established
presence in Russian Federation and Ukraine to provide transactional card services to merchants in these regions. Such services
include: card-present or card-not-present transactions, including point-of-sale, mobile POS, Internet businesses, service-oriented
businesses, and mail order / telephone order merchants. Due to the startup nature of this business as of the date of this report
the Company has limited number of trial merchants in these regions. TOT Money. TOT Money is a provider of mobile messaging
and mobile billing solutions in emerging markets. We offer targeted billing solutions via premium SMS (“P-SMS”), direct
carrier billing, in-app purchases, Wireless Access Protocol (“WAP”) payments and mobile commerce. Instead of using
traditional credit cards, TOT Money uses mobile devices as payment methods and allows third-party content or services providers
to charge its customers for goods and services using customers pre-paid or post-paid mobile credit. Relationships with Mobile Operators, Sponsors and Processors Mobile Operators . In order for us to provide payment
and SMS messaging services to mobile subscribers and debit their accounts for payments we need to have contractual agreements with
mobile operators, which allow us to bill its subscribers. We have direct and indirect agreements with mobile operators and mobile
operator aggregators in over 40 countries. The three largest mobile operators through which we process the majority of our transactions
are: Mobile TeleSystems OJSC (“MTS”), MegaFon OJSC (“MegaFon”) and OJSC VimpelCom (“VimpelCom”),
these contracts allow us to facilitate payments using Short Message Services (“SMS”), Multimedia Messaging Services
(“MMS”) and WAP for their mobile phone subscribers. From time to time, we may enter into agreements with additional
mobile operators and mobile operator aggregators. Sponsoring Banks . Because we are not a member bank as
defined by Visa and MasterCard rules and regulations, in order to authorize and settle bankcard transactions for our merchants,
we must be sponsored by a financial institution, which holds a member bank status. We have agreements with several banks that sponsor
us for membership in the Visa and MasterCard card associations and settle card transactions for our merchants. Sponsoring bank
through which we are able to process transactions in Russian Federation is Sviaz-Bank, whereby in Ukraine it is PrivatBank. From
time to time, we may enter into agreements with additional banks. See “Risk Factors – Risk Factors Relating to Our
Business – We rely on bank sponsors, which have substantial discretion with respect to certain elements of our business practices,
in order to process bankcard transactions. If these sponsorships are terminated and we are not able to secure or successfully migrate
merchant portfolio to new bank sponsors, we will not be able to conduct our business.” 14 Processing Vendors . We have agreements with several
service processing vendors to provide us with, on a non-exclusive basis SMS gateway, carrier billing, transaction processing
and transmittal, transaction authorization and data capture, and access to various reporting tools. Our primary processing
vendors for period ending December 31, 2013 TOT Money business were SDSP Group, which provides us with a mobile billing and
support platform in Russian Federation and NTH Group, leading European Application and Infrastructure Services
Provider (“AISP”), which provides us with a mobile billing platform for Europe and other regions. In order for us
to be able to process to bankcard transactions internationally, we have entered into a partnership agreement with PAY.ON
AG (“PAYON”). PAYON’s multi-channel payment infrastructure system allows us to directly connect to the
banks we have sponsorship agreements with and provide transactional services to the merchants in these regions. Customers Everything we do is to ensure that our customers experience
first-rate services. TOT Money’s current customers span across variety of industries and operate across different markets.
Our clients include mobile operators, merchants, content and service providers. We believe there are many ways to use TOT Money’s services,
including the following: · | Mobile Operators – Mobile operators partner with us to generate revenues for incoming traffic. Mobile operators increase revenues via additional subscription and transactional services used by its subscribers. · | Broadcast Media – SMS billing is becoming an increasingly popular communication tool on both radio & TV. It provides interactivity for the viewer/listener through voting/polls/competitions, and can generate revenues for the stations/production companies. · | Portals/Content providers – SMS billing adds a further dimension to the offering of portals and content providers. It enables information alerts, ringtones and logos, SMS sending facility for end-users, all of which can generate revenues for the company. · | Marketing/Sales Promotion – SMS billing is being used as a new marketing channel. It's immediacy; directness and 2-way communication lends itself to effective measurable marketing and promotion. Integration with existing media adds a new dimension to marketing campaigns (e.g. outdoor, press, on-pack, and direct mail). Other industries using mobile messaging and mobile billing solutions
include banking, retailing, brokering, tourism, transportation, gaming, and education. Competition TOT Money primarily competes with other companies operating
in the SMS payment processing market in Russia, which market is primarily controlled by four companies, Pervii Alternativni, Incore
Media, iFree and TOT Money. Certain of TOT Money’s competitors have been in business longer than TOT Money and have significantly
greater financial and other resources than TOT Money. In order to successfully increase its business in that market, the Company
must convince mobile phone carriers and content providers to use TOT Money’s services over competitive platforms that may
already be in use. The Company believes that TOT Money will be able to effectively compete in the SMS payment processing market
in Russia based primarily upon industry relationships of certain of its directors and officers, as well as on the basis of services
offered, functionality and ease of use of features offered. Failure to successfully continue developing TOT Money’s payment
processing operations, maintain TOT Money’s existing contracts with mobile phone carriers and content providers and enter
into additional contracts with mobile phone carriers and content providers to use TOT Money’s services may harm the Company’s
revenue and business prospects. 15 Employees The total number of the Company’s employees at March 15,
2014 was 58 people. Of such 58 people, 25 were full-time consultants and 33 were full-time employees. Regulation Various aspects of our business are subject to U.S. and non-U.S.
federal, state and local regulation. The operations of the Company’s subsidiary, TOT Money, are subject to regulation in
Russia and may become subject to the laws and regulations of additional foreign jurisdictions as and when its business expands
into additional markets. Many domestic and foreign laws and regulations that affect companies conducting business on the Internet
and companies transmitting user information and payments via text message or other electronic means are still evolving and the
interpretation of such laws and regulations are often uncertain. Failure to comply with applicable laws and regulations may result
in the suspension or revocation of licenses or registrations, the limitation, suspension or termination of services and/or the
imposition of civil and criminal penalties and/or fines. The services of TOT Money to mobile phone carriers also are subject to
certain of the rules and policies of such carriers and ongoing contractual covenants with such carriers, the violation of which
may result in penalties and/or fines and possible termination of TOT Money’s services. Certain of our services are also subject
to rules set by various payment networks, such as Visa and MasterCard, as more fully described below. Laws and Rules of the Russian Federation The relationships between TOT Money and telecommunications carriers
in Russia are governed by the general rules of civil law for the provision of services (Chapter 39 of the Civil Code of the Russian
Federation). In addition, because the “information and entertainment services” (content services) provided by TOT Money
are inextricably linked with the networks of telecommunications carriers, these services are subject to the requirements of the
Rules of Mobile Communications Services Provision, approved by the Decree of the Russian Federation Government dated May 25, 2005
No. 328. These Rules govern the relationship between a customer using mobile communication services and a telecommunications carrier
in respect of mobile radio communications services, mobile radiotelephone services and/or mobile satellite radio services in the
public network. Although TOT Money is not a telecommunications carrier, many requirements of such Rules are present in TOT Money’s
contracts with telecommunications carriers, and such contracts impose responsibility and liability on TOT Money for violations. TOT Money has a license for the provision of telematics services
in Russia. TOT Money is considered an operator of telematic services in Russia because it has a direct connection to equipment
of telecommunications carriers and it effects electronic communications (i.e., receiving, processing and/or transmitting electronic
messages). Operators of telematics services in Russia are regulated by the Federal Law “On Communication” dated July
2, 2003 No. 126-FZ. This Federal Law provides the legal basis for activity in the field of communications in the Russian Federation
and territories under the Russian Federation jurisdiction, defines the powers of public authorities in the field of communications,
as well as the rights and responsibilities of persons involved in such activities or using communication services. TOT Money also
is subject to the Rules of Telematics Services Provision approved by the Decree of the Russian Federation Government dated September
10, 2007 No. 575. These Rules govern the relationship between a customer or a user, on the one hand, and a telecommunications carrier
providing telematic communication services, on the other hand, in the provision of telematic communication services. The activity of TOT Money to some extent is regulated by the
Federal Law “On Operational and Investigative Activities” dated August 12, 1995 No. 144-FZ. This Federal Law determines
the content of the operational and investigative activities in the Russian Federation, and provides for a system of guarantees
in the process of operational and investigative operations. Operational and investigative activities include activities carried
out openly and secretly by operational branches of certain government bodies in order to protect life, health, rights and freedoms
of the person and the citizen, property, security of the society and the state from criminal attacks. 16 In carrying out activities on the Internet in Russia, TOT Money
is subject to the Federal Law “On Advertising” dated March 13, 2006 No. 38-FZ. The objectives of this Federal Law are
the development of markets for goods and services based on the principles of fair competition, ensuring the common economic space
in the Russian Federation, the realization of the rights of consumers to receive fair and accurate advertising, creating favorable
conditions for the production and distribution of public service announcements, preventions of violations of the Russian Federation
on advertising, as well as the suppression of improper advertising. TOT Money’s activities on the Internet in Russia also
are subject to the Federal Law “On Protection of Children from Information Harmful to Health” dated December 29, 2010
No. 436-FZ. This Federal Law provides regulations protecting children from information harmful to their health and/or development. Rules and Policies of and Contractual Covenants with Mobile
Phone Carriers While not governmental regulation, TOT Money is subject to certain
of the rules and policies of mobile phone carriers to which TOT Money provides payment processing services and ongoing contractual
covenants with such mobile phone carriers. The mobile phone carriers may from time to time update or otherwise modify or supplement
their rules and policies. TOT Money periodically is subject to the imposition of fines or penalties as a result of failure to comply
with such rules, policies and/or contractual covenants. TOT Money’s failure to comply with the mobile phone carriers’
respective requirements or to pay the fines or penalties they impose could result in the termination of TOT Money’s services. Other Laws and Regulations Since TOT Money collects certain information from members
and users on its platform, it will be subject to current and future government regulations regarding the collection, use and safeguarding
of consumer information over the Internet and mobile communication devices. These regulations and laws may involve taxation, tariffs,
user privacy, rights of publicity, data protection, content, intellectual property, distribution, electronic contracts and other
communications, consumer protection and electronic payment services. In many cases, it may be unclear how existing laws governing
issues such as property ownership, sales and other taxes, libel and personal privacy apply to the Internet or mobile communication
services as the vast majority of these laws were adopted prior to the advent of these technologies and do not contemplate or address
the unique issues raised by the Internet and e-commerce. There are a number of legislative proposals that are anticipated
or pending before the U.S. Congress, various state legislative bodies, and foreign governments concerning data protection which
could affect the Company. Many states, for example, have already passed laws requiring notification to subscribers when there is
a security breach of personal data. It is possible that these laws may be interpreted and applied in a manner that is inconsistent
with the Company’s data practices. If so, in addition to the possibility of fines, this could result in an order requiring
that the Company change its data practices, which could have an adverse effect on its business. Legislation could be passed that limits the Company’s
ability to use or store information about the Company’s users. The Federal Trade Commission (the “FTC”) and various
states have established regulatory guidelines issued under the Federal Trade Commission Act and various state acts, respectively,
that govern the collection, use and storage of consumer information, establishing principles relating to notice, consent, access
and data integrity and security. The Company’s practices are designed to comply with these guidelines. For example, the Company
discloses that it collects a range of information about its users, such as their names, email addresses, search histories and activity
on the Company’s platform. The Company also uses and stores such information primarily to personalize the experience on its
platforms, provide customer support and display relevant advertising. While the Company does not sell or share personally identifiable
information with third parties for direct marketing purposes, the Company does have relationships with third parties that may allow
them access to user information for other purposes. The Company believes its policies and practices comply with
the FTC privacy guidelines and other applicable laws and regulations. However, if the Company’s belief proves incorrect,
or if these guidelines, laws or regulations or their interpretations change or new legislation or regulations are enacted, the
Company may be compelled to provide additional disclosures to its users, obtain additional consents from its users before collecting
or using their information or implement new safeguards to help its users manage the Company’s (or others’) use of their
information, among other changes. 17 Dodd-Frank Act In July 2010, the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer
Protection Act of 2010 was signed into law in the United States. The Dodd-Frank Act has resulted in significant structural and
other changes to the regulation of the financial services industry. Among other things, the Dodd-Frank Act established the Consumer
Financial Protection Bureau, or CFPB, to regulate consumer financial services, including many offered by our clients. The Dodd-Frank Act provided two self-executing statutory provisions
limiting the ability of payment card networks to impose certain restrictions that became effective in July 2010. The first provision
allows merchants to set minimum dollar amounts (not to exceed $10) for the acceptance of a credit card (and allows federal governmental
entities and institutions of higher education to set maximum amounts for the acceptance of credit cards). The second provision
allows merchants to provide discounts or incentives to entice consumers to pay with cash, checks, debit cards or credit cards,
as the merchant prefers. Separately, the so-called Durbin Amendment to the Dodd-Frank
Act provided that interchange fees that a card issuer or payment network receives or charges for debit transactions will now be
regulated by the Federal Reserve and must be "reasonable and proportional" to the cost incurred by the card issuer in
authorizing, clearing and settling the transaction. Payment network fees, such as switch fees assessed by our Jeanie network, may
not be used directly or indirectly to compensate card issuers in circumvention of the interchange transaction fee restrictions.
In July 2011, the Federal Reserve published the final rules governing debit interchange fees. Effective in October 2011, debit
interchange rates for card issuing financial institutions with more than $10 billion of assets are capped at $0.21 per transaction
with an additional component of five basis points of the transaction's value to reflect a portion of the issuer's fraud losses
plus, for qualifying issuing financial institutions, an additional $0.01 per transaction in debit interchange for fraud prevention
costs. The debit interchange fee would be $0.24 per transaction on a $38 debit card transaction, the average transaction size for
debit card transactions. In July 2013, the U.S. District Court for the District of Columbia determined that the Federal Reserve's
regulations implementing the Durbin Amendment were invalid. The Federal Reserve has appealed the decision. Regardless of the outcome
of the litigation, the cap on interchange fees is not expected to have a material direct impact on our results of operations. In addition, the new rules contain prohibitions on network exclusivity
and merchant routing restrictions. Beginning in October 2011, (i) a card payment network may not prohibit a card issuer from contracting
with any other card payment network for the processing of electronic debit transactions involving the issuer's debit cards and
(ii) card issuing financial institutions and card payment networks may not inhibit the ability of merchants to direct the routing
of debit card transactions over any card payment networks that can process the transactions. Since April 2012, most debit card
issuers have been required to enable at least two unaffiliated card payment networks on each debit card. We do not expect the prohibition
on network exclusivity to impact our ability to pass on network fees and other costs to our clients. These regulatory changes create
both opportunities and challenges for us. Increased regulation may add to the complexity of operating a payment processing business,
creating an opportunity for larger competitors to differentiate themselves both in product capabilities and service delivery. Association and Network Rules While not legal or governmental regulation, we are subject to
the network rules of Visa, MasterCard and other payment networks. The payment networks routinely update and modify their requirements.
On occasion, we receive notices of non-compliance and fines, which might be related to excessive chargebacks by a merchant or data
security failures. Our failure to comply with the networks' requirements or to pay the fines they impose could cause the termination
of our registration and require us to stop providing payment services. Federal Trade Commission Act and Other Laws Impacting
our Customers' Business All persons engaged in commerce, including, but not limited
to, us and our merchant and financial institution customers are subject to Section 5 of the Federal Trade Commission Act prohibiting
unfair or deceptive acts or practices, or UDAP. In addition, there are other laws, rules and or regulations, including the Telemarketing
Sales Act, that may directly impact the activities of our merchant customers and in some cases may subject us, as the merchant's
payment processor, to investigations, fees, fines and disgorgement of funds in the event we are deemed to have aided and abetted
or otherwise provided the means and instrumentalities to facilitate the illegal activities of the merchant through our payment
processing services. Various federal and state regulatory enforcement agencies including the Federal Trade Commission, or FTC,
and the states' attorneys general have authority to take action against nonbanks that engage in UDAP or violate other laws, rules
and regulations and to the extent we are processing payments for a merchant that may be in violation of laws, rules and regulations,
we may be subject to enforcement actions and as a result may incur losses and liabilities that may impact our business. 18 Available Information We are subject to the informational requirements of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934 and file or furnish reports, proxy statements, and other information with the U.S. Securities and Exchange
Commission, or SEC. You can read our SEC filings over the Internet at the SEC's website at www.sec.gov. Our filings with the SEC,
including our Annual Report on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K, and any amendments to those
reports, also are available free of charge on the investors section of our website at http://investor.netelement.com when such
reports are available on the SEC's website. Further corporate governance information, including our certificate of incorporation,
bylaws, governance guidelines, board committee charters, and code of business conduct and ethics, is also available on the investors
section of our website. You may also read and copy any document we file with the SEC
at its public reference facilities at 100 F Street, N.E., Room 1580, Washington, DC 20549. You may also obtain copies of the documents
at prescribed rates by writing to the Public Reference Section at the SEC at 100 F Street, NE, Room 1580, Washington, DC 20549.
Please call the SEC at 1-800-SEC-0330 for further information on the operation of the public reference facilities. The contents
of the websites referred to above are not incorporated into this filing or in any other report or document we file with the SEC,
and any references to these websites are intended to be inactive textual references only. Item 1A. Risk Factors. Investing in our securities involves
a high degree of risk. You should carefully consider the risks and uncertainties described below, together with all of the other
information in this Report, including “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations”
and our consolidated financial statements and related notes, as well as the preceding “Business” section of this Report,
before engaging in any transaction in our securities. Any of the following risks could materially and adversely affect our business,
financial condition, results of operations and/or prospects, and cause the value of our securities to decline, which could cause
you to lose all or part of your investment. Risks Related to Our Business Generally : Our financial condition creates doubt as to whether we will
continue as a going concern. If we do not continue as a going concern, investors may lose their entire investment. Since our inception, we have incurred significant
operating losses. We had negative cash flows from operating activities of $10.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2013 and
an accumulated deficit of $119 million at December 31, 2013. While we had negative working capital of $8.0 million at December
31, 2013, our current assets at December 31, 2013 included $10.6 million of accounts receivable and $1.1 million of advances to
aggregators. The independent auditors’ report on our consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2013
contains an explanatory paragraph expressing substantial doubt as to our ability to continue as a going concern. As of the date
this Report was filed with the Commission, management expects that our cash flows from operations and remaining unrestricted cash
will not be sufficient to fund our current operations through 2014. We will require significant additional capital in order to
continue our existing business operations and to fund our obligations assumed by the Company as a result of our acquisition of
Unified Payments. We currently believe that we will require an additional $10 million in financing to continue operations as currently
conducted, continue our payment processing businesses and to pay for other currently anticipated capital expenditures over the
next 12 months. We have historically been dependent upon
our directors and majority stockholders (including entities directly or indirectly controlled by them), and/or other affiliates
of the Company, to fund our operations and we are exploring additional sources of financing in order to meet our financial requirements.
Additional funds may be raised through debt financing and/or the issuance of equity securities, there being no assurance that any
type of financing on terms satisfactory to us will be available or otherwise occur. 19 Debt financing must be repaid regardless
of whether we generate revenues or cash flows from operations and may be secured by substantially all of our assets. Any equity
financing or debt financing that requires the issuance of equity securities or warrants to the lender would cause the percentage
ownership by our current stockholders to be diluted, which dilution may be substantial. Also, any additional equity securities
issued may have rights, preferences or privileges senior to those of existing stockholders. If such financings are not available
when required or are not available on acceptable terms, we may be unable to implement our business plans or take advantage of business
opportunities, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and/or
prospects and may ultimately require us to suspend or cease operations, which could cause investors to lose the entire amount of
their investment. We have a significant amount of outstanding receivables,
which, if not collected, may have material adverse effects on our financial condition, results of operations and future business
prospects. Our current assets as of December 31, 2013
totaled $12,689,171. This amount includes approximately $10.6 million of outstanding receivables (representing 84% of our total
current assets at December 31, 2013), and $1.1 million of outstanding advances to aggregators. Aggregators are businesses that
contract for content from content providers and provide aggregated processing volume to TOT Money. As of the date of filing this
Report with the Commission, we were not aware of any additional potential issues with the collectability of our outstanding receivables,
if any significant portion of our outstanding receivables were not collected it may have material adverse effects on our financial
condition and results of operations and, as a result, our future business prospects. Our management has identified a material weakness over payments
to aggregators. Historically, we did not maintain
appropriate control surrounding the billing and advances to aggregators in our TOT Money Russian operation. As a result, we
are migrating our billing system from SDSP Group to a TOT Platform, our proprietary billing system. Our former General
Director is no longer providing any further support or assisting us with retrieval of information from the current billing
system. We have a limited operating history upon which an evaluation
of our prospects can be made. For that reason, it would be difficult for a potential investor to judge our prospects for success. We launched the operations of our mobile
payment processing business during the third quarter of 2012. As a result, there is limited historical information available upon
which you can base your evaluation of our business and prospects. Our limited operating history also makes the prediction of our
future operating results, operating costs, and prospects difficult. If we cannot compete effectively, we will lose business. We believe our mobile payment processing
business is positioned to be competitive in our target markets. We cannot guarantee that we will be able to maintain or increase
revenues from our existing operations, or that our proposed future operations will be implemented successfully. Our principal competitive
considerations include: · | financial resources to allocate to proper marketing and sales efforts; · | the ability to develop and maintain our operations, applications and technologies; · | the ability to effectively implement our business plans and strategies; · | establishing our brand name; and · | financial resources to support working capital needs and required capital investments. The markets in which we operate are very competitive, and
many of our competitors and potential competitors are larger, more established and better capitalized than we are. The markets for mobile payment processing
are very competitive and have been characterized by rapid technological change. This competition could result in increased pricing
pressure, reduced profit margins, increased sales and marketing expenses, and failure to increase, or the loss of, market share
or expected market share, any of which would likely seriously harm our business, operating results and financial condition. 20 Some of our competitors and potential competitors
are substantially larger and have greater financial, technical, marketing and other resources than we do. Given their capital resources,
the large companies with which we compete, or may compete in the future, are in a better position to substantially increase their
research and development efforts or to withstand any significant reduction in orders by customers in our markets. Such larger companies
typically have broader product lines and market focus and thus are not as susceptible to downturns in a particular market. In addition,
some of our competitors have been in operation much longer than we have and therefore may have more long-standing and established
relationships with our current and potential domestic and foreign customers. We would be at a competitive disadvantage
if our competitors bring their products to market earlier, if their products are more technologically capable than ours, or if
any of our competitors’ products or technologies becomes preferred in the industry. Moreover, we cannot assure you that existing
or potential customers will not develop their own products, or acquire companies with products that are competitive with our products.
Any of these competitive threats could have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results or financial condition. Our operations are conducted primarily in Russia, making
them subject to political uncertainties relating to Russia and U.S.-Russian relations. Much of our present operations are being
conducted in Russia. Our electronic payments operations conducted in Russia are subject to various political risks and uncertainties
inherent in Russia. If U.S.-Russia relations deteriorate, including, without limitation, over a conflict related to Ukraine; the
U.S. government may decide to impose sanctions or other legal restrictions on U.S. businesses doing business in Russia. If this
should happen, our electronic payments operations conducted in Russia could be scaled back or shut down, which may require additional
funding to penetrate or expand alternative electronic payments markets outside of Russia. In addition, if U.S.-Russia relations
deteriorate, including, without limitation, over a conflict related to Ukraine, general economic conditions in Russia, or increases
in interest rates in Russia, could adversely affect our results of operations by reducing the number or average purchase amount
of transactions in Russia made using electronic payments. Further, consumer purchases of discretionary items could generally decline
in Russia due to potential adverse effect on disposable income in Russia. A reduction in the amount of consumer spending in Russia
could result in a decrease in our revenue and negatively affect our business prospects, financial condition and results of operations. Our management has identified continued material weaknesses
in our internal controls as of December 31, 2013, which, if not properly remedied, could result in material misstatements in our
financial statements. A material weakness is defined as a deficiency,
or a combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting such that there is a reasonable possibility that
a material misstatement of our annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. As described
in Item 9A of this Report, management has identified the following material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting
as of December 31, 2013: (i) inadequate policies and procedures regarding the design of the control and formal written documentation;
(ii) inadequate segregation of duties related to job responsibilities for initiating, authorizing, and recording of certain transactions;
(iii) because we recently added certain new directors and executive management and recently changed the composition of our subsidiaries,
there has been insufficient time to establish adequate Best of Practice procedures; (iv) as a result of our relatively small accounting
staff and not having the required infrastructure for meeting the demands of being a U.S. public company, we have identified deficiencies
in our internal controls within our key business processes, particularly with respect to the design of quarterly accounting, financial
statements close, consolidation and external financial reporting procedures; (v) we lack general computer controls surrounding
the billing and financial reporting system in one of our Russian subsidiaries; and (vi) our management has limited ability to monitor
the design and operating effectiveness of our internal controls. These material weaknesses impede the ability of management to
adequately oversee our internal control over financial reporting on a consistent basis. Management intends to focus its remediation
efforts in the near term on designing revised accounting and financial reporting policies and procedures that will help ensure
that adequate internal controls over financial reporting are met. Additionally, these revised procedures will be formally documented
and procedures will focus on transaction processing, period-end account analyses and providing for additional review and monitoring
procedures and periodically assess the need for additional accounting resources as our business develops and resources permit.
If we are not able to adequately address the material weaknesses in our internal controls, it is possible that a material misstatement
of our annual or interim financial statements will not be timely prevented or detected. Any failure in preventing or detecting
a material misstatement of our annual or interim financial results could have a material adverse effect on our stock price and
on our results of operations, could make it more difficult for us to obtain additional financing as needed and could have additional
material adverse consequences. 21 Acquisition activities could result in operating difficulties,
dilution to our stockholders and other harmful consequences. We have built our current business primarily
through acquisitions of intellectual property and other assets, and we intend to selectively pursue strategic acquisitions in the
future. On April 16, 2013, certain subsidiaries of TOT Group acquired substantially all of the business assets of Unified Payments,
LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (“Unified Payments”), a provider of comprehensive turnkey, payment-processing
solutions to small and medium size business owners (merchants) and independent sales organizations across the United States. See
Note 4 for additional information regarding this acquisition. Most recently, on June 24, 2013, TOT Group, through its newly formed
subsidiary Aptito, LLC (“Aptito”) acquired substantially all of the business assets of Aptito.com, Inc, a New York
corporation, a new generation of smart, customer engaged, patent-pending payments platform, mobile Point of Sale (“mPOS”),
mobile commerce application and self-ordering Apple® iPad®-based kiosk. See Note 4 for additional information regarding
this acquisition. . Future acquisitions could divert management’s time and focus from operating our business. In addition,
integrating an acquired company, business or technology is risky and may result in unforeseen operating difficulties and expenditures.
Foreign acquisitions also involve unique risks related to integration of operations across different cultures and languages, currency
risks and the particular economic, political and regulatory risks associated with specific countries. We may not accurately assess
the value or prospects of acquisition candidates, and the anticipated benefits from our future or even past acquisitions may not
materialize. In addition, future acquisitions or dispositions could result in potentially dilutive issuances of our equity securities,
including our common stock, the incurrence of significant amounts of debt, contingent liabilities or amortization expenses, or
write-offs of goodwill, any of which could negatively affect our financial condition. We are dependent upon certain key relationships. If any of
our key relationships were to deteriorate, our business prospects, financial condition and results of operations could be materially
adversely affected. Our success, particularly the success
of our payment processing business, is dependent, in part, upon industry relationships of certain of our directors, including
our director, Kenges Rakishev and our chief executive officer Mr. Firer. If we were to lose the services of Mr.
Rakishev and/or Mr. Firer, or if the industry relationships of Mr. Firer on which we rely were to deteriorate,
our business prospects, financial condition and results of operations could be materially adversely affected. To our
knowledge, Mr. Rakishev and/or Mr. Firer currently do not have any plans to retire or leave us in the near future, and we
are not aware of any material adverse developments in Mr. Firer’s industry relationships. We do not have
“key person” insurance on the lives of Mr. Rakishev and/or Mr. Firer or any other member of our management
team. If we fail to adequately protect or enforce our intellectual
property rights, competitors may create and market products and services similar to ours. In addition, we may be subject to intellectual
property litigation and infringement claims by third parties. Our ability to compete effectively is dependent
in part upon the proprietary nature of our technologies and software platforms. We generally rely on a combination of trade secret,
copyright, trademark and patent law to protect our proprietary rights in our intellectual properties. . Although we attempt to
protect our proprietary technologies through trade secrets, trademarks, patents and license and other agreements, these may be
insufficient. In addition, if we license our software to non-U.S. countries, because of differences in foreign laws concerning
proprietary rights, our intellectual properties may not receive the same degree of protection in non-U.S. countries as they would
in the United States. We may not always be able to successfully protect or enforce our proprietary properties against competitors,
which may materially adversely affect our business prospects, financial condition and results of operations. In addition, there
can be no assurance that our competitors will not independently utilize existing technologies to develop products that are substantially
equivalent or superior to ours, which also could materially adversely affect our business prospects, financial condition and results
of operations. 22 In addition, although we do not believe
that our intellectual properties infringe the rights of others and while to date we have not been subject to such claims, we may
be exposed to, or threatened with, future litigation by other parties alleging that our technologies infringe their intellectual
property rights. Any intellectual property claims, regardless of their merit, could be time consuming, expensive to litigate or
settle and could divert management resources and attention. An adverse determination in any intellectual property claim could require
us to pay damages and/or stop using our technologies and other material found to be in violation of another party’s rights
and could prevent us from licensing our technologies to others. In order to avoid these restrictions, we may have to seek a license.
Such a license may not be available on reasonable terms, could require us to pay significant license fees and may significantly
increase our operating expenses. A license also may not be available to us at all. As a result, we may be required to use and/or
develop non-infringing alternatives, which could require significant effort and expense. If we cannot obtain a license or develop
alternatives for any infringing aspects of our business, we may be forced to limit our technologies and may be unable to compete
effectively. Any of these adverse consequences could have a material adverse effect on our business prospects, financial condition
and results of operations. Further, from time to time we may be engaged
in disputes regarding the licensing of our intellectual property rights, including matters related to the terms of our licensing
arrangements. These types of disputes can be asserted by our licensees or prospective licensees or by other third parties as part
of negotiations with us or in private actions seeking monetary damages or injunctive relief or in regulatory actions. Requests
for monetary and injunctive remedies asserted in claims like these could be material and could have a significant impact on our
business prospects. Any disputes with our licensees, potential licensees or other third parties could materially adversely affect
our business prospects, financial condition and results of operations. Fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates could negatively
affect our financial results. We earn revenues and interest income, pay
expenses, own assets and incur liabilities in countries using currencies other than the U.S. dollar. In the year ended December
31, 2013, we used two functional currencies - the Ukraine hryvnia and the Russian ruble - in addition to the U.S. dollar and derived
more than 21% of our total net revenues from operations outside the United States. Because our consolidated financial statements
are presented in U.S. dollars, we must translate net revenues, interest income and expenses, as well as assets and liabilities,
into U.S. dollars at exchange rates in effect during or at the end of each reporting period. Therefore, increases or decreases
in the value of the U.S. dollar against other major currencies will affect the amounts of our net revenues, interest income, operating
expenses and the value of balance sheet items, including intercompany assets and obligations. Because our operations are concentrated
in Russia and Ukraine, our exchange rate risk is highly sensitive to the prevailing value of the U.S. dollar relative to the Ukraine
hryvnia and the Russian ruble. As a result, fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates, particularly the U.S. dollar against
the Ukraine hryvnia and the Russian ruble, may materially adversely affect our financial results. Our business is subject to complex and evolving U.S. and
foreign laws and regulations regarding privacy, data protection and other matters. Many of these laws and regulations are subject
to change and uncertain interpretations, and could result in claims, changes to our business practices, increased cost of operations
or declines in user growth or engagement, or otherwise harm our business. We are subject to a number of foreign and
domestic laws and regulations that affect companies conducting business on the Internet and companies transmitting user information
and payments via text message or other electronic means, many of which are still evolving and the interpretation of which are often
uncertain. Failure to comply with applicable laws and regulations may result in the suspension or revocation of licenses or registrations,
the limitation, suspension or termination of services and/or the imposition of civil and criminal penalties and/or fines. The services
of TOT Money to mobile phone carriers also are subject to certain of the rules and policies of such carriers and ongoing contractual
covenants with such carriers, the violation of which may result in penalties and/or fines and possible termination of TOT Money’s
services. For additional information, see “Business Description - Regulation” in Part I, Item 1 of this Report. 23 Poor perception of our brand, business or industry could
harm our reputation and adversely affect our business prospects, financial condition and results of operations. The success of our business depends in part
on our reputation within our industries and with our clients and consumers. We may be the subject of unflattering reports in blogs,
video blogs and the media about our business and our business model. Any damage to our reputation could harm our ability to obtain
and retain contracts with mobile phone carriers, content providers, advertisers and other customers, which could materially adversely
affect our results of operations, financial condition and business. Our business is subject to the risks of hurricanes, floods,
fires and other natural catastrophic events and to interruption by man-made problems such as computer viruses or terrorism. Our systems and operations are vulnerable
to damage or interruption from hurricanes, floods, fires, power losses, telecommunications outages, terrorist attacks, acts of
war, human errors, break-ins and similar events. Our U.S. corporate offices are located in Miami, Florida, which is an area that
is at high risk of hurricane and flood damage. In addition, acts of terrorism, which may be targeted at metropolitan areas that
have higher population density than rural areas, could cause disruptions in our business or the economy as a whole. The servers
that we use through various third party service providers are not located in Miami, Florida but may also be vulnerable to computer
viruses, break-ins and similar disruptions from unauthorized tampering with our computer systems, which could lead to interruptions,
delays, loss of critical data or the unauthorized disclosure of confidential information. Such service providers may not have sufficient
protection or recovery plans in certain circumstances, and our insurance may not be sufficient to compensate us for losses that
may occur. As we rely heavily on our servers, computer and communications systems and the Internet to conduct our business, such
disruptions could negatively impact our ability to run our business and either directly or indirectly disrupt our customers’
respective businesses, which could have an adverse effect on our business prospects, operating results and financial condition. We are effectively controlled by Mike Zoi, our majority stockholder
and a member of our Board of Directors. Mr. Zoi’s interests may conflict with the interests of our outside stockholders,
who may be unable to influence management and exercise control over our business. Mike Zoi, our majority stockholder and a
member of our Board of Directors, owns, in combination with the holdings of entities that he controls, approximately 47.8% of
our issued and outstanding common stock as of April 1, 2014. As a result, and in addition to having de-facto control over all key
elements of our business, Mr. Zoi can be viewed as having de-facto control over corporate actions requiring stockholder approval,
including but not limited to: (i) electing and removing directors; (ii) amending or preventing amendment of our certificate of
incorporation or bylaws; (iii) selling all or substantially all of our assets; and (iv) merging with another entity. This concentration
of ownership could be disadvantageous to stockholders with interests that might vary from those of Mr. Zoi and adversely affect
the price that investors might be willing to pay in the future for our securities. We incur increased costs as a result of being a public company. As a public company, we currently incur
significant legal, accounting and other expenses not incurred by private companies. It may be time consuming, difficult and costly
for us to develop, implement and maintain the additional internal controls, processes and reporting procedures required by federal
statutes, Commission rules, other government regulations affecting public companies and/or stock exchange compliance requirements.
We may need to hire additional financial reporting, internal auditing and other finance staff in order to develop, implement and
maintain appropriate internal controls, processes and reporting procedures, which will increase our expenses and adversely affect
our operating results and financial condition. 24 Risks Related to Our Mobile Payments and
Transaction Processing Business : Failure to successfully continue developing and expand our
payment processing business may harm our revenue and business prospects. We recently launched our mobile payment
processing operations in Russia during the third quarter of 2012 through our Russian subsidiary TOT Money. Certain of TOT Money’s
competitors have been in business longer than TOT Money and have significantly greater financial and other resources than TOT Money.
In addition, in order to successfully increase our business in the payment processing market in Russia and expand
our payment processing business into other emerging markets, we must convince mobile phone carriers and content providers to use
TOT Money’s services over competitive platforms that may already be in use. Many potential clients may worry about potential
disadvantages associated with switching payment processing vendors, such as a loss of accustomed functionality, increased costs
and business disruption. Failure to successfully continue developing TOT Money’s payment processing operations, maintain
TOT Money’s existing contracts with mobile phone carriers and content providers and enter into additional contracts with
mobile phone carriers and content providers to use TOT Money’s services may harm our revenue and business prospects. Our future growth depends, in part, upon
our continued expansion within the markets in which we currently operate, the further expansion into new markets, the emergence
of additional markets for payment processing, and our ability to penetrate these markets. Our expansion into new markets is also
dependent upon our ability to apply our existing technology or to develop new applications to meet the particular service needs
of each new market. We may not have adequate financial or technological resources to develop effective and secure services or distribution
channels that will satisfy the demands of these new markets. If we fail to expand into new and existing payment processing markets,
we may not be able to continue to grow our revenues. Furthermore, in response to market developments, we may expand into new geographical
markets and foreign countries in which we do not currently have any operating experience. We cannot assure you that we will be
able to successfully expand in such markets due to our lack of experience and the multitude of risks associated with global operations
or lack of appropriate regulatory approvals. We may not recoup our advances to aggregators. Our advances
to aggregators are unsecured and we do not have financial statements or bank references to complete a full credit review of each
aggregator, which increases our risk of not recouping such advances. At December 31, 2013, our outstanding advances
to aggregators were $1.1 million net. Aggregators are businesses that contract for content from hundreds or thousands of content
providers and provide aggregated processing volume to TOT Money. Our advances to aggregators are unsecured and, while we have a
history of transaction volume with most of our aggregators, we do not obtain financial statements or bank references to complete
a full credit review of each aggregator. In addition, we transact business with new aggregators from time to time with whom we
do not have a history of transaction volume. Financial problems with a particular aggregator could result in our not recouping
advances that we have made to that aggregator. Furthermore, if we discontinue our business with a particular aggregator and the
aggregator does not provide sufficient transaction volume to repay advances made to that aggregator, we have increased risk of
not recouping the advances made to that aggregator. For these and/or other reasons, we may not recoup our advances made to aggregators.
If we do not recoup all of our advances to aggregators, it will result in our incurring losses. We rely on third-party processors and service
providers; if they fail or no longer agree to provide their services, our merchant relationships could be adversely affected and
we could lose business. We rely on agreements with several large
payment processing organizations to enable us to provide card authorization, data capture, settlement and merchant accounting services
and access to various reporting tools for the merchants we serve. We also outsource to third parties other services, such as reorganizing
and accumulating daily transaction data on a merchant-by-merchant and card issuer-by-card issuer basis and forwarding the accumulated
data to the relevant bankcard associations. Many of these organizations and service providers are our competitors, and we do not
have long-term contracts with most of them. Typically, our contracts with these third parties are for one-year and are subject
to cancellation upon limited notice by either party. The termination by our service providers of their arrangements with us or
their failure to perform their services efficiently and effectively may adversely affect our relationships with the merchants whose
accounts we serve and may cause those merchants to terminate their processing agreements with us. We rely on bank sponsors, which have substantial discretion
with respect to certain elements of our business practices, in order to process bankcard transactions. If these sponsorships are
terminated and we are not able to secure or successfully migrate merchant portfolios to new bank sponsors, we will not be able
to conduct our business. Because we are not a bank, we are unable
to belong to and directly access the Visa and MasterCard bankcard associations. Visa and MasterCard operating regulations require
us to be sponsored by a bank in order to process bankcard transactions. We are currently registered with Visa and MasterCard through
the sponsorship of banks that are members of the card associations. The principal sponsoring bank through which we process the
significant majority of our transactions is BMO Harris Bank. If we or our bank sponsors fail to adhere to the standards
of the Visa and MasterCard payment card associations, our registrations with these associations could be terminated, and we could
be required to stop providing payment processing services for Visa and MasterCard. Substantially all of the transactions we
process involve Visa or MasterCard. If we or our bank sponsors fail to comply with the applicable requirements of the Visa or MasterCard
payment card associations, Visa or MasterCard could suspend or terminate our registration. The termination of our registration
or any changes in the Visa or MasterCard rules that would impair our registration could prevent us from providing transactional
processing services. We periodically experience increases in interchange and other
related costs, and if we cannot pass these increases along to our merchants, our profit margins will decline. We pay interchange fees and assessments
to issuing banks through the card associations for each transaction we process using their credit and debit cards. From time to
time, the card associations increase the interchange fees that they charge processors and the sponsoring banks. At their sole discretion,
our sponsoring banks have the right to pass any increases in interchange fees on to us. In addition, our sponsoring banks may seek
to increase their Visa and MasterCard sponsorship fees to us, all of which are based upon the dollar amount of the payment transactions
we process. If we are not able to pass these fee increases along to merchants through corresponding increases in merchant discount,
our profit margins will decline. 25 Our products and services could become less competitive or
obsolete if we fail to keep pace with rapidly changing technology. The markets for our products and services
are characterized by technological changes, frequent introductions of new products and services and evolving industry standards.
Advances in technology may result in changing customer preferences for products and services and delivery formats and any such
change in preferences may be rapid. Clients may choose to move or develop equivalent services in-house. If we fail to enhance our
current products and services and develop new products and services in response to changes in technology, industry standards or
customer preferences, our business could rapidly become less competitive or obsolete. We could experience delays while developing
and introducing new products and services and product and service enhancements, due to difficulties developing models, acquiring
data or adapting to particular operating environments. Software errors or other defect errors in our products and services could
affect the ability of our products and services to work with other hardware or software products, could delay the development or
release of new products or services or new versions of our products or services and could materially adversely affect our reputation
and our business prospects, financial condition and/or results of operations. To acquire and retain merchant accounts, we depend on ISGs
that do not serve us exclusively. We rely on the efforts of ISGs to market our services to merchants
seeking to establish a credit card processing relationship. ISGs are companies that seek to introduce to us, as well as our competitors,
newly established and existing small merchants, including retailers, restaurants and other service providers. Generally, our agreements
with ISGs are not exclusive and they have the right to refer merchants to other providers of transaction payment processing services.
Our failure to maintain our relationships with our existing ISGs and to recruit and establish new relationships with other ISGs
could adversely affect our revenues and internal growth and increase our merchant attrition. Unauthorized disclosure of data, whether through cybersecurity
breaches, computer viruses or otherwise, could expose us to liability, protracted and costly litigation and could damage our reputation. We process, store and/or transmit sensitive
data, such as names, addresses, credit or debit card numbers and bank account numbers, and we may have liability if we fail to
protect this data in accordance with applicable laws and our client’s specifications. The loss of data could result in significant
fines and sanctions by our clients or governmental bodies, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial
condition and results of operations. These concerns about security are increased when we transmit information over the Internet.
Computer viruses can be distributed and spread rapidly over the Internet and could infiltrate our systems, which might disrupt
our services and make them unavailable. In addition, a significant cybersecurity breach could result in payment networks prohibiting
us from processing transactions on their networks or the loss of clients. We have been in the past and could be in the future,
subject to breaches of security by hackers. It is possible that our encryption of data and other protective measures may not prevent
unauthorized access. Although we have not to date incurred material losses or liabilities as a result of those breaches, a future
breach of our system may subject us to material losses or liability, including payment of fines and claims for unauthorized purchases
with misappropriated credit or debit card or bank account information or other similar fraud claims. A misuse of such data or a
cybersecurity breach could harm our reputation and deter clients from using electronic payments generally and our services specifically,
increase our operating expenses in order to correct the breaches or failures, expose us to uninsured liability, increase our risk
of regulatory scrutiny, subject us to lawsuits and/or result in the imposition of material penalties and fines under applicable
laws or by our clients. We are subject to economic and political risk, the business
cycles and credit risk of our clients and the overall level of consumer, business and government spending, which could negatively
impact our business, financial condition and results of operations. The electronic payments industry depends
heavily on the overall level of consumer, business and government spending. We are exposed to general economic conditions that
affect consumer confidence, consumer spending, consumer discretionary income and consumer purchasing habits. Deterioration in
general economic conditions in the markets where we operate, or increases in interest rates in such markets, may adversely affect
our results of operations by reducing the number or average purchase amount of transactions made using electronic payments. Consumer
purchases of discretionary items generally decline during recessionary periods and other periods in which disposable income is
adversely affected. A reduction in the amount of consumer spending could result in a decrease in our revenue and negatively affect
our business prospects, financial condition and results of operations. Our operating results are subject to seasonality, and, if
our revenues are below our seasonal norms during our historically stronger quarters, our financial results could be adversely
affected. We have experienced in the past, and expect
to continue to experience, seasonal fluctuations in our revenues as a result of consumer spending patterns. Historically, revenues
have been weaker during the first quarter of the calendar year and stronger during the second, third and fourth quarters. If, for
any reason, our revenues are below seasonal norms during the second, third or fourth quarter, our business, financial condition
and results of operations could be materially adversely affected. New and potential governmental regulations designed to protect
or limit access to consumer information could adversely affect our ability to provide, or the value of, the services we currently
provide to our merchants. Due to the increasing public concern over
consumer privacy rights, governmental bodies in the United States and abroad have adopted, and are considering adopting, additional
laws and regulations restricting the purchase, sale and sharing of personal information about customers. For example, the Gramm-Leach-Bliley
Act requires non-affiliated third-party service providers to financial institutions to take certain steps to ensure the privacy
and security of consumer financial information. We believe our present activities fall under exceptions to the consumer notice
and opt-out requirements contained in this law for third-party service providers to financial institutions. However, the laws governing
privacy generally remain unsettled. Even in areas where there has been some legislative action, such as the Gramm-Leach-Bliley
Act and other consumer statutes, it is difficult to determine whether and how existing and proposed privacy laws or changes to
existing privacy laws will apply to our business. Limitations on our ability to access and use customer information could adversely
affect our ability to provide the services we currently offer to our merchants or impair the value of these services. Several states have proposed legislation
that would limit the use of personal information gathered using the Internet. Some proposals would require proprietary online service
providers and website owners to establish privacy policies. Congress has also considered privacy legislation that could further
regulate the use of consumer information obtained over the Internet or in other ways. Our compliance with these privacy laws and
related regulations could materially affect our operations. Changes to existing laws or the passage
of new laws could: · | create uncertainty in the marketplace that could reduce demand for our services; · | restrict or limit our ability to sell certain products and services to certain customers; · | limit our ability to collect and to use merchant and cardholder data; or · | increase the cost of doing business as a result of litigation costs or increased operating costs; Any of which could have a material adverse
effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. If we are required to pay federal, state or local taxes on
transaction processing, it could negatively impact our profit margins. Transaction processing companies may become
subject to federal, state or local taxation of certain portions of their fees charged to merchants for their services. Application
of these taxes is an emerging issue in our industry and taxing jurisdictions have not yet adopted uniform positions on this topic.
If we are required to pay such taxes and are unable to pass this tax expense through to our merchant clients, or are unable to
produce increased cash flow to offset such taxes, these taxes would negatively impact our profit margins. We are the subject of various legal proceedings which could
have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or operating results. We are involved in various litigation matters.
The Company may, from time to time, also be involved in or be the subject of governmental or regulatory agency inquiries or investigations.
If the Company is unsuccessful in its defense in the litigation matters, or any other legal proceeding, it may be forced to pay
damages or fines and/or change its business practices, any of which could have a material adverse effect on the Company’s
business, financial condition and results of operations. For more information about the Company’s legal proceedings, see
“Legal Proceedings.” 26 Risks Related to Our Securities : The historic price of our common stock has been volatile
and the future market price of our common stock is likely to continue to be volatile. Further, the limited trading volume in our
common stock contributes significantly to the high volatility in the market price of our common stock. This may make it difficult
for you to sell our common stock for a positive return on your investment. The public market for our common stock has
historically been very volatile. Since trading began in the common stock of the Company on October 3, 2012 (the trading day following
the closing of our merger with Net Element) and through April 11, 2014, the per-share market price for our common stock has ranged
from $1.90 to $12.25. Any future market price for our common stock is likely to continue to be very volatile. This price volatility
may make it more difficult for holders of our common stock to sell shares when they want and at prices they find attractive. We
do not know of any one particular factor that has caused volatility in our stock price. However, the trading volume in our common
stock is limited, which contributes significantly to that volatility, and we cannot assure you that a larger or more liquid market
will ever be developed or maintained. In addition, the stock market in general has experienced extreme price and volume fluctuations
that have often been unrelated or disproportionate to the operating performance of companies. Broad market factors and the investing
public’s negative perception of our business may reduce our stock price, regardless of our operating performance. Market
fluctuations and volatility, as well as general economic, market and political conditions, could reduce the market price of our
common stock. These fluctuations may also cause short sellers to periodically enter the market in the belief that we will have
poor results in the future. As a result, this may make it difficult or impossible for holders of our common stock to sell shares
when they want and at prices they find attractive. Our operating results and financial condition may fluctuate
which could negatively affect the market price of our common stock. Our operating results could vary significantly
from quarter to quarter and year to year because of a variety of factors, many of which are outside of our control. As a result,
comparing our operating results on a period-to-period basis may not be meaningful and the market price of our common stock may
be negatively affected. The following factors, among others, may contribute to the variability of our quarterly and annual results
and negatively affect the market price of our common stock: · | the fact that our payment processing business first launched operations and began generating revenue during the third quarter of 2012;
· | our ability to maintain existing, and secure additional, contracts with mobile phone carriers and content providers to use our payment processing services;
· | the effects of increased competition on our business;
· | our ability to successfully expand in existing markets and enter new markets;
· | the impact of worldwide economic conditions, including the resulting effect on consumer spending;
· | our ability to protect our intellectual property;
· | our ability to keep pace with changes in technology;
· | the success of our sales and marketing efforts;
· | costs associated with defending intellectual property infringement and other claims and related judgments or settlements;
· | changes in government licensing and regulation affecting our business;
· | interruptions in service and any related impact on our reputation;
· | the attraction and retention of qualified employees and key personnel;
· | our ability to choose and effectively manage third-party service providers;
· | the impact of fluctuations in currency exchange rates;
· | our ability to successfully manage and integrate any acquisitions of businesses, solutions or technologies;
· | the effects of natural or man-made catastrophic events;
· | changes in consumer behavior;
· | our ability to increase the effectiveness of our internal controls; and
· | changes in our tax rates or exposure to additional tax liabilities. We may sell equity securities in the future, which would
cause dilution. We may sell equity securities in the future
to obtain funds for general corporate, working capital, acquisitions or other purposes. We may sell these securities at a discount
to the market price. Any future sales of equity securities will dilute the holdings of existing stockholders, possibly reducing
the value of their investment. 27 We may not be able to continue to meet the continued listing
requirements for The NASDAQ Capital Market. If our common stock is delisted from The NASDAQ Capital Market, our business, financial
condition, results of operations and stock price could be adversely affected, and the liquidity of our stock reduced and our ability
to obtain financing could be impaired. We are currently in compliance with all
of the listing standards for listing on The NASDAQ Capital Market, but we cannot provide any assurance that we will continue to
be in compliance in the future. Any delisting of our common stock from The NASDAQ Capital Market could adversely affect our ability
to attract new investors, reduce the liquidity of our outstanding shares of common stock, reduce our flexibility to raise additional
capital, reduce the price at which our common stock trades and increase the transaction costs inherent in trading such shares with
overall negative effects for our stockholders. In addition, delisting of our common stock could deter broker-dealers from making
a market in or otherwise seeking or generating interest in our common stock, and might deter certain institutions and persons from
investing in our securities at all. For these reasons and others, delisting could adversely affect our business, financial condition
and results of operations. Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments. Not applicable. Item 2. Properties. On May 10, 2013, the Company entered into a new lease agreement,
which is dated as of May 1, 2013, for approximately 5,200 square feet of office space located at 3363 N.E. 163rd Street,
Suites 705 through 707, North Miami Beach, Florida 33160. The Company moved its corporate headquarters and principal executive
office to this location in June 2013. The term of the lease agreement is from May 1, 2013 through December 31, 2016, with
monthly rent at the rates of $16,800 per month (or $134,400 for the initial eight-month period) for the period from May
1, 2013 through December 31, 2013, $17,640 per month (or $211,680 per year) for the period from January 1, 2014 through
December 31, 2014, $18,522 per month (or $222,264 per year) for the period from January 1, 2015 through December 31,
2015 and $19,448.10 per month (or $233,377 per year) for the period from January 1, 2016 through December 31, 2016. Until May 31, 2013 we leased approximately 6,500 square
feet of office space in Miami, Florida at annual rent of $201,695. Beginning in January 2013 until the lease term expired,
Enerfund, LLC, which is wholly owned by our director and majority stockholder, Mike Zoi, used part of this office space and paid
a pro-rata amount of the rent in an amount equal to $8,500 per month (or $102,000 per year). The lease term expired May
31, 2013 and we relocated to Unified Payments’ office in North Miami Beach (described in the preceding paragraph) upon the
expiration of the lease. Netlabs Systems, LLC, through its Ukrainian representative office,
leases approximately 1,750 square feet of office space in Dnepropetrovsk, Ukraine where it primarily conducted website development
activities, at annual rent of approximately $20,000. The current lease term expires December 1, 2014. Effective February 1, 2014,
24 Hour Technology, LLC, a company controlled by Mike Zoi, began paying the rent in Ukraine as 24 Hour Technology also began employing
our former employees given we terminated operations in this location effective on that date. This facility primarily supported
divested entertainment assets and was no longer required for current operations. Netlabs Systems, LLC, through its Russian representative office,
leases approximately 1,150 square feet of office space in Yekaterinburg, Russia, where it conducted website development activities,
at annual rent of approximately $34,000. The current lease term expires April 1, 2014 and we are currently in process of finding
a new space of about 325 square feet. The current facility is too large for our current needs, given we have divested website assets,
and effective February 1, 2014 we have agreed to split the facility and associated rent 50/50 with T1T Lab, LLC until the lease
expires April 1, 2014. Net Element Russia leases approximately 356 square feet
of office space in Moscow, Russia at annual rent of $150,000, as well as one corporate apartment at annual rent of $52,500.
The current lease term for the office space expires on August 14, 2014 and we expect to renew this lease at that time. The
current lease term for corporate apartment expires on June 30, 2014. We believe
that these facilities are adequate for our anticipated needs. TOT Money leases approximately 671 square feet of office
space in Saint Petersburg, Russia at annual rent of $139,000. The current lease term expires on March 22, 2014. 28 Item 3. Legal Proceedings. First Data Corporation On July 30, 2013, TOT Payments, LLC, brought an action against
First Data Corporation in the State of New York Supreme Court (Index No. 652663-2013). The amount of damages being sought is $10,000,000 per
cause. In its complaint, TOT Payments claims that the defendant breached its obligations pursuant to a 2006 Marketing Agreement
entered into between Money Movers of America, Inc. (MMOA) and Paymentech, Inc. (the “MMOA Agreement”) to pay MMOA monthly
residual income on various merchant accounts boarded with Paymentech pursuant to the MMOA Agreement. TOT Payments, through
a series of historic transactions, is the successor in interest to the rights and obligations of MMOA in the MMOA Agreement. The
defendant is the successor in interest to Paymentech. On July 15, 2013, the defendant failed to pay to TOT Payments the monthly
residuals otherwise due as the defendant alleges that the MMOA Agreement was lawfully terminated in April 2012 and that the defendant
had 180 days after the termination notice to move the MMOA merchants to a new platform failing which the defendant could withhold
residual payments and that the defendant would own all merchant accounts boarded under the MMOA Agreement. The amount of the unpaid
residuals, are between $150,000 and $250,000 net of all interchange charges. TOT Payments disputes receiving proper
notice and is disputing the rights of the defendant to withhold monthly residuals due. There was an adjournment because of
the motions made in the appellate division. Plaintiffs’ opposition to First Data’s motion to dismiss (for
lack of standing) was filed on Oct. 24. Defendant's Reply to Plaintiff's opposition was due Oct. 31. Defendant filed both
a memorandum in support and an affirmation in support to dismiss and oral argument was heard Nov. 1, 2013. The case
was subsequently dismissed and the Company has requested legal counsel to preserve its rights to Appeal the dismissal. OOO-RM Invest On March 17, 2014, the Company was served with a lawsuit brought
by OOO-RM Invest in the US District Court, Southern District of Florida. In its complaint, OOO-RM Invest claims that on or about
July 11, 2012 it entered into an “oral agreement” with the Company allegedly agreeing: (a) to form a new entity, TOT
Money International, LTD that would continue the operations of Plaintiff; (b) that the Company would provide TOT Money International,
LTD financing in the amount of 600,000,000 Russian rubles; (c) that the Company would assume certain liabilities of Plaintiff;
(d) that the Company would be responsible for all business operations of Plaintiff and TOT Money International, LTD; (e) that the
Company would deliver the Digital SkyTechnologies ("DST'') account and stated key DST structures to TOT Money International,
LTD; (f) that Plaintiff would receive a 30% ownership stake in TOT Money International, LTD and/or receive shares of stock in the
Company; (g) that Tcahai Hairullaevich Katcaev would hold the position of General Director of TOT Money; (j) Plaintiff would provide
TOT Money International, LTD with access to Plaintiff’s operating accounts; and (h) Plaintiff would transfer client accounts
and contracts to TOT Money. Plaintiff claims that the Company breached its obligations pursuant to that alleged oral agreement,
and is seeking, among other things, compensatory damages in excess of $50 million. The Company strongly denies the allegations
referenced in the complaint and will vigorously defend its interests, but the outcome cannot be predicted. 29 C&H Financial Services During February 2014, the Company was served with a lawsuit
filed in the 11th Judicial Circuit Court for Miami-Dade County, Florida, (the “Lawsuit”) by C&H Financial Services,
Inc., (“C&H”), Anthony Holder, (“Holder”) and James Costanzo (“Costanzo”) - (hereinafter
C&H, Holder, and Costanzo are collectively referred to as “Plaintiffs”). The Plaintiffs allege inter alia
that that the Company breached a certain agreement dated July 31, 2013 between the parties relating to certain merchant payment
processing accounts and are seeking judgment and unspecified compensatory damages from the Company. Plaintiffs are also seeking
certain other relief from the Court arising from the said agreement as well as declaratory relief regarding a disputed non-compete
agreement entered into by Holder and Costanzo as former employees of the Company. The Company vigorously disputes the allegations
of the Plaintiffs and has engaged legal counsel to defend the lawsuit. The Parties have entered into settlement negotiations. Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures. Not applicable. PART II Item 5. Market for Registrant’s Common Equity, Related
Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. Market Information The Company’s common stock began trading on The NASDAQ
Capital Market under the symbol “NETE” on October 3, 2012. From October 22, 2010 through October 2, 2012, the ordinary
shares of the Company (then known as Cazador Acquisition Corporation Ltd.) traded on The NASDAQ Capital Market under the symbol
“CAZA.” For the periods indicated, the following table sets forth the high and low sales prices per share of the Company’s
common equity. Fiscal 2013 | Fiscal 2012
Quarter Ended | High | Low | High | Low
March 31 | 3.43 | 2.00 | 9.91 | 9.76
June 30 | 6.20 | 2.38 | 9.94 | 9.80
September 30 | 6.47 | 4.26 | 11.00 | 9.41
December 31 | 4.99 | 2.24 | 12.25 | 2.85 Holders As of December 31, 2013, the Company’s common stock was
held by approximately 331 stockholders of record. The number of record holders was determined from the records of the Company’s
transfer agent and does not include beneficial owners of common stock whose shares are held in the names of various securities
brokers, dealers and registered clearing agencies. The Company’s transfer agent is Continental Stock Transfer & Trust
Company. Dividends The Company has not declared any dividends during the two most
recent fiscal years. The Company has no present intention of paying any cash dividends on its common stock in the foreseeable future,
as any earnings will be used to help generate growth. The decision on the payment of dividends in the future rests within the discretion
of the Board of Directors and will depend upon, among other things, the Company’s earnings, capital requirements and financial
condition, as well as other relevant factors. There are no restrictions in the Company’s certificate of incorporation or
bylaws that restrict it from declaring dividends. 30 Securities Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation The information included under Item 12 of Part III of this Annual
Report is hereby incorporated by reference into this Item 5 of Part II of this Annual Report. Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities The Company did not sell any securities during the fiscal year
ended December 31, 2013 that were not registered under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and that have not previously been
included in a Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q or in a Current Report on Form 8-K. Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities In December 2012, our Board of Directors authorized, and we
announced on December 10, 2012, a plan permitting the repurchase by the Company of up to $2.5 million of issued and outstanding
shares of the Company’s common stock in open market or privately negotiated transactions during the 24-month period ending
December 10, 2014. Repurchases, if and when effectuated, will be made subject to market conditions, applicable legal requirements
(including federal and state securities laws as well as rules and regulations of the Commission) and other factors. The repurchase
plan does not obligate the Company to acquire any particular amount of common stock and the plan may be modified, extended or terminated
at any time at the Company’s discretion. For the year ended December 31, 2013, the Company repurchased 169,022 shares
of its common stock for $477,936 or an average price of $2.83 per share including 137,207 shares that were
repurchased by the Company in a private transaction outside the parameter of the publicly announced repurchase plan. Item 6. Selected Financial Data. Not Applicable. Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial
Condition and Results of Operations. The following discussion should be read in conjunction with
the Consolidated Financial Statements and Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements contained in this Report and the discussion
under “Forward-Looking Statements” on page i at the beginning of this Report and the Risk Factors set forth
in Part I, Item 1A of this Report. Overview; Recent Developments As of December 31, 2013, we operate in a single operating
segment, that being a provider of transactional services and mobile payment solutions in the United States and emerging
countries, including the CIS. During the year ended December 31, 2012, we had two operating segments, consisting of (i)
mobile commerce and payment processing, and (ii) entertainment and culture Internet destinations, in the United States and
emerging countries, including the Commonwealth of Independent States (CIS). However, during the quarter ended September 30,
2013, we divested all of our interests in online media businesses and operations (which comprised our entertainment
and culture Internet destinations business segment), which are presented as discontinued operations for the years ended
December 31, 2013 and December 31, 2012 (restated). The Company previously owned several popular content monetization
verticals (i.e., interests in online media businesses and operations) that were divested during the quarter ended September 30,
2013 (see Note 5 for additional information regarding this divestiture). As a result of this divestiture, the
Company operates in a single operating segment, that being a provider of mobile commerce and payment processing services in two
geographical locations, the United States and International. Operations of the divested businesses are presented
as discontinued operations. 31 Merger with Net Element On October 2, 2012, the Company completed a merger with Net
Element, Inc., which was a company with businesses in the online media and mobile commerce payment processing markets. Immediately
prior to the effectiveness of the Merger, the Company changed its jurisdiction of incorporation by discontinuing as an exempted
company in the Cayman Islands and continuing and domesticating as a corporation incorporated under the laws of the State of Delaware.
Effective upon consummation of the Merger, (i) Net Element was merged with and into the Company, resulting in Net Element ceasing
to exist and the Company continuing as the surviving company in the Merger, and (ii) the Company changed its name to Net Element
International, Inc. Pursuant to the Merger, the Company issued 24,543,826 shares of its common stock to the former stockholders
of Net Element, which shares amount to approximately 86.7% of the 28,303,659 post-Merger issued and outstanding shares of common
stock of the Company. Following the Merger, the Company’s business consists of the former business of Net Element. For financial
reporting purposes, the Merger was accounted for as a recapitalization of Net Element. Since the Merger was consummated during
the Company’s fourth fiscal quarter, the Company’s financial statements reflect the historical financial information
of Net Element beginning with the Company’s fiscal year ended December 31, 2012. Payment and Transaction Processing Business The Company’s subsidiary TOT Group, Inc. (“TOT Group”) is a multinational, mobile payments and transaction processing holding company, which provides
a range of flexible online and offline payment solutions. Clients include wireless carriers, content providers and merchants. TOT
Group delivers comprehensive, end-to-end payment solutions to enable merchants to reliably accept cashless transactions at the
point of sale (“POS”). From processing electronic payments at the POS to processing mobile commerce transactions to
managing merchant terminals and providing information management services, TOT Group through its proprietary technology offers
innovative solutions which allow its merchants to streamline their payments resources. Through TOT Group, the Company generates
revenues from transaction fees, service fees, percentage of the dollar amount of each transaction and other fees associated with
processing of cashless transactions at the points of sale. The Company serves merchants primarily in the retail, restaurant, supermarket,
petroleum and hospitality sectors. In addition, TOT Group (through its subsidiary OOO TOT Money (“TOT Money”)) operates
the Company’s provider of carrier-integrated mobile payments solutions. TOT Money’s relationships with mobile operators
give the Company substantial geographic coverage, a strong capacity for innovation in mobile payments and messaging, and the ability
to offer customers In-App, P-SMS and Online and Carrier Billing solutions in over 49 countries. During the third quarter of 2012, our subsidiary, TOT Money,
launched operations as a provider of carrier-integrated mobile payments solutions in Russia. Since then, TOT Money has continued
seeking to expand its carrier-integrated mobile payments business primarily in the Commonwealth of Independent States (CIS) countries
(comprised of participating states of the former Soviet Union) and other emerging markets. During the second half of 2012, TOT
Money entered into contracts with the three largest mobile phone operators in Russia, Mobile TeleSystems OJSC, MegaFon OJSC and
OJSC VimpelCom, to facilitate payments using SMS and MMS for their mobile phone subscribers in Russia. On April 16, 2013, certain subsidiaries of TOT Group acquired
substantially all of the business assets of Unified Payments, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company. Unified Payments provides
comprehensive turnkey, payment-processing solutions to small and medium size business owners (merchants) and independent sales
organizations across the United States. For additional information, see Note 4 to the accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial
Statements. On June 24, 2013, TOT Group, through its newly formed subsidiary
Aptito, LLC (“Aptito”) acquired substantially all of the business assets of Aptito.com, Inc., a New York corporation,
a new generation of smart, customer engaged, patent-pending payments platform, mobile Point of Sale (“mPOS”), mobile
commerce application and self-ordering Apple® iPad®-based kiosk. See Note 4 for additional information regarding this acquisition. 32 Discontinuance of Entertainment Business On September 25, 2013, we entered into a Contribution Agreement
(the Divestiture Contribution Agreement) with T1T Lab, LLC, a Florida limited liability company (T1T Lab), and T1T Group, LLC,
a Delaware limited liability company (T1T Group), pursuant to which, on September 25, 2013, we contributed to T1T Lab all of our
membership and participation interests in our subsidiaries Openfilm, LLC, Motorsport, LLC, Splinex, LLC, LegalGuru, LLC and MUSIC
1 LLC (a/k/a OOO Music1) (collectively, the Disposed Subsidiaries). The Disposed Subsidiaries constitute all of the Company's interests
in online media businesses and operations (referred to herein collectively as the Company's "entertainment assets").
Immediately following the transactions effectuated pursuant to the Divestiture Contribution Agreement, the Company indirectly owned
a minority interest in the Disposed Subsidiaries through its 10% membership interest in T1T Lab and the other 90% membership interest
in T1T Lab is owned by T1T Group (which is indirectly wholly-owned by Mike Zoi, a director and majority stockholder of the Company).
The Company disposed its entertainment assets in order to focus its business operations on mobile payments, transactional services
and related technologies and to reduce the significant expenses associated with developing and maintaining the entertainment assets.
During the first quarter of 2014, Company further reduced its liabilities by divesting its remaining 10% ownership interest in
T1T Lab, LLC in exchange for termination of its obligation to commit funding of T1T Lab, LLC associated with its equity ownership.
For additional information regarding the divestiture of the Company’s entertainment assets, see Note 5 of the accompanying
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. Since our inception, we have incurred significant operating
losses (for additional information, see “Liquidity and Capital Resources” below). If we fail to maintain our relationships
with merchants, mobile phone providers, content providers, lenders and other business partners, it could harm our revenues and
materially adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. We face all of the risks inherent in a new business,
including the need for significant additional capital, management’s potential underestimation of initial and ongoing costs,
and potential delays and other problems in connection with developing our technologies and operations. Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates Our significant accounting policies are described more fully
in Note 1 to the accompanying Consolidated Financial Statements. The preparation of financial statements in conformity with accounting
principles generally accepted in the United States requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported
amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements,
as well as the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ materially from
those estimates. In applying estimates, management uses its judgment to determine
the appropriate assumptions to be used in the determination of certain estimates. Those estimates are based on our historical experience,
terms of existing contracts, the observance of trends in our industries, information provided by outside sources, trade journals
and other sources, as appropriate. Revenue . The Company recognizes revenue when
the following four basic criteria have been met: (1) persuasive evidence of a sales arrangement exists; (2) performance of services
has occurred, (3) the sales price is fixed or determinable, and (4) collectability is reasonably assured. The Company considers
persuasive evidence of a sales arrangement to be the receipt of a billable transaction from aggregators, signed contract or website
advertising insertion order. Collectability is assessed based on a number of factors, including transaction history with the customer
and the credit worthiness of the customer. If it is determined that the collection is not reasonably assured, revenue is not recognized
until collection becomes reasonably assured, which is generally upon receipt of cash. The Company records cash received in advance
of revenue recognition as deferred revenue. Reserve for Loan Losses . The Company monitors all accounts
receivable, notes receivable and transactions with mobile operators and aggregators on a quarterly basis to ensure collectability
and the adequacy of loss provisions. Considerations include payment history, business volume history, financial statements of borrower,
projections of borrower and other standard credit review documentation. Management uses its best judgment to adequately reserve
for future losses after all available information is reviewed. Due to the lawsuit filed by First Data (see Note 14 of the accompanying
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements), the Company has reserved the $2.1million that it is due from First Data. The effect,
net of interchange and Visa/Master card costs, was a charge to bad debt in the amount of $703,768 in December 2013. In addition,
there were additional charges to bad debts for $423,179 for net ACH rejects that occurred in the normal course of operations. In addition, the Company fully reserved the $1.8
million due to the Company by the former general director of TOT Money in connection with a June 2013 settlement
agreement that is recorded as a note receivable. 33 Deferred Taxes . Estimates of deferred income
taxes and items giving rise to deferred tax assets and liabilities reflect management’s assessment of actual future
taxes to be paid on items reflected in the financial statements, giving consideration to both timing and the probability of
their realization. Actual income taxes could vary from these estimates for a variety of reasons, including changes in tax
law, operating results that vary from budget or the review of our tax returns by the IRS. Results of Operations for the Year Ended December 31, 2013
Compared to the Year Ended December 31, 2012 We reported a net loss of $48,309,347, or $(1.70) per share,
for the year ended December 31, 2013 as compared with a net loss of $16,389,931, or $(0.77) per share, for the year ended December
31, 2012. Loss from continuing operations (including loss attributable to the noncontrolling interest) for the year ended December
31, 2013 was $48,099,020 or ($1.65) per share as compared to a loss from continuing operations of $13,223,466 or ($0.62) per share
for the year ended December 31, 2012. Our net loss for the years ended December 31, 2013 and 2012 primarily resulted from our impairment
of goodwill, increase in provision for loan losses and general and administrative expenses, as discussed further below. Net revenues consist primarily of payment processing fees. Net
revenues were $18,749,470 for the year ended December 31, 2013 as compared to $1,384,852 for the year ended December 31, 2012.
The increase in net revenues is primarily a result of the purchase of Unified Payments, LLC and a full year of operations of TOT
Money in 2013. The following table sets forth our sources of revenues for the years ended December 31, 2013 and 2012. For the year ended December 31,
Source of Revenues | 2013 | 2012 (as restated) | Increase / (Decrease)
Credit Card Processing Fees | $ | 14,798,488 | $ | - | $ | 14,798,488
Mobile Payment Processing | 3,948,087 | 1,312,152 | 2,635,935
Other Revenues | 2,895 | 72,700 | (69,805 | )
Total | $ | 18,749,470 | $ | 1,384,852 | $ | 17,364,618 Net revenues for the year ended December 31, 2012 were primarily
service fees from TOT Money ($1,312,152). Cost of revenues represents direct costs of generating revenues,
including commissions, purchases of short numbers, interchange expense and processing fees. Cost of revenues for the year ended
December 31, 2013 was $13,374,669 as compared to $832,909 for the year ended December 31, 2012. The year over year increase in
cost of revenues of $12,541,760 is primarily a result of the purchase of Unified Payments, LLC ($12,055,118) and a full year of
operations of TOT Money in 2013 ($539,436). Operating expenses totaled $50,121,253 for the year ended December
31, 2013, as compared to total operating expenses of $13,992,640 for the year ended December 31, 2012. Total operating expenses
for the year ended December 31, 2013 consisted of general and administrative expenses ($28,166,387) or (56% of the operating expenses),
provision of loan losses ($7,640,008), goodwill impairment ($11,200,000), intangible assets impairment ($872,354) and depreciation
and amortization ($2,242,504). For the year ended December 31, 2012, general and administrative expenses were $12,088,602, or 86%
of total operating expenses, during the period. Loan losses for the year ended December 31, 2012 were $1,638,032 and depreciation
and amortization was $266,006. The components of our general and administrative expenses are discussed below. General and administrative expenses were $28,166,387 for the
year ended December 31, 2013 as compared to $12,088,602 for the year ended December 31, 2012. General and administrative expenses
for the years ended December 31, 2013 and 2012 consisted of operating expenses not otherwise delineated in our Consolidated Statements
of Operations and Comprehensive Loss, including non-cash compensation expense, salaries and benefits, professional fees, rent,
filing fees and other expenses required to run our business, as follows: 34 Category | Year Ended December 31, 2013 | Year Ended December 31, 2012 (as restated) | Increase / (Decrease)
Non-cash compensation expense | $ | 16,549,820 | $ | 6,240,196 | $ | 10,309,624
Salaries, benefits, taxes and contractor payments | 4,331,580 | 2,985,007 | 1,346,573
Professional fees | 4,003,850 | 2,170,379 | 1,833,471
Other expenses | 3,281,137 | 693,020 | 2,588,117
Totals | $ | 28,166,387 | $ | 12,088,602 | $ | 16,077,785 Non-cash compensation expense from subscription agreements
and share-based compensation was $16,549,820 for the year ended December 31, 2013 compared to $6,240,196 for the year ended
December 31, 2012. The non-cash compensation expenses were higher for the year ended December 31, 2013 primarily due to the
value of stock issued to employees pursuant to the acquisition of the 10% minority interest in TOT Group, Inc. (see Note 4 to
the accompanying notes consolidated financial statements). Salaries, benefits, taxes and contractor payments were $4,331,580
for the year ended December 31, 2013 as compared to $2,985,007 for year ended December 31, 2012, representing an increase of $1,346,573
as follows: Group | Salaries and Benefits for the Year Ended December 31, 2013 | Salaries and Benefits for the Year Ended December 31, 2012 (As restated) | Variance Increase / (Decrease)
Net Element, Inc (Corporate) | $ | 921,138 | $ | 1,370,535 | $ | (449,397 | )
Yapik | - | 109,723 | (109,723 | )
NetLabs (Engineering) | 926,301 | 1,096,211 | (169,910 | )
Aptito | 44,524 | - | 44,524
Music | 203,644 | 224,802 | (21,158 | )
TOT Payments | 1,128,078 | - | 1,128,078
TOT Money | 543,907 | 91,534 | 452,373
Net Element Russia | 563,988 | 92,202 | 471,786
Total | $ | 4,331,580 | $ | 2,985,007 | $ | 1,346,573 The primary reason for the increase are the salaries of TOT
Payments, in the amount of $1,128,078 which was not part of the consolidated group in 2012 and Net Element Russia and TOT Money
attributable to a full twelve months of operations in 2013. These were offset by decreases in Net Element (Corp) ($449,397), Yapik
($109,723) and Net Labs ($169,910) due to scaling back of operations and cost cutting. Professional fees were $4,003,850 for the year ended December
31, 2013 as compared to $2,170,379 the year ended December 31, 2012, representing an increase of $1,833,471 as follows: 35 Year Ended December 31, 2013 | Year Ended December 31, 2012 (as restated) | Variance Increase / (Decrease)
2013 | 2012 (as restated)
General Legal | $ | 746,490 | $ | 265,189 | $ | 481,301
SEC Compliance Legal Fees | 401,143 | 784,684 | (383,541 | )
Accounting and Auditing | 1,125,486 | 462,836 | 662,650
Tax Compliance and Planning | 71,400 | 3,800 | 67,600
IT & Call Center Services | 797,262 | - | 797,262
Consulting | 862,069 | 653,870 | 208,199
Total | $ | 4,003,850 | $ | 2,170,379 | $ | 1,833,471 The most significant increases in professional fees were attributable
to general legal fees ($481,301), accounting / auditing fees ($662,650) and IT & Call Center Services ($797,262). General legal
expenses increased $481,301 during the year ended December 31, 2013 versus the year ended December 31, 2012 due to the use of additional
outside legal counsel to assist in the reorganization of the Company after its merger transaction with Net Element. Accounting
and auditing fees were $662,650 higher as the Company changed auditors from a local firm to a national firm and there was additional
work related to the merger and acquisitions and deconsolidation. IT & Call Center Services were used by TOT Money to assist
in their mobile payment processing operations. Other expenses were $3,281,137 for the year ended December 31,
2013 as compared to $693,020 in other expenses for the year ended December 31, 2012, representing an increase of $2,588,117. Other
expenses for the year ended December 31, 2013 was primarily attributed to acquisition of TOT Payments in 2013. We recorded a provision for bad debts and unrecoverable advances
of $7,640,008 for the year ended December 31, 2013, which is primarily comprised of $4,528,759 in loss provision for advances to
aggregators, $1,834,302 in loss provision for notes receivable and $703,768 from reserving revenue and costs related to the First
Data lawsuit (See Note 14 of the accompanying notes to Consolidated Financial Statements and Liquidity and Capital Resources
below) and $423,179 from net ACH rejects in the normal course of operations. We had $1,638,032 for bad debts and unrecoverable
advances for the year ended December 31, 2012. During the year ended December 31, 2013 the Company recognized
$11,200,000 of non-cash, goodwill impairment losses relating to the goodwill from the Unified Payments acquisition. In connection
with that acquisition, the Company recorded goodwill of approximately $17 million. As part of its financial statement closing processes,
as well as the Company’s review of its valuation of the Unified Payments business combination, the Company determined that
the reported goodwill of its TOT Payments reporting unit was impaired at December 31, 2013. Depreciation and amortization expense consists of depreciation
expense on fixed assets used by the Company and the amortization of merchant portfolios, client acquisition costs, IP software,
intellectual property and employee non-compete agreements. Depreciation and amortization expense was $2,242,504 for
the year ended December 31, 2013 as compared with $266,006 for the year ended December 31, 2012. The $1,976,498 increase
in depreciation and amortization expense was primarily due to $1,799,225 of merchant portfolio amortization and $85,769 of amortization
of client acquisition costs. Total interest expense, net for the year ended December
31, 2013 amounted to $2,979,102 versus $370,568 of interest income, net for the year ended December 31, 2012. The increase in
interest expense, net was primarily due to TOT Group’s assumption of $20.6 million of indebtedness in connection with
its acquisition of the business operations of Unified Payments, which resulted in interest expense of $2,137,852 the year
ended December 31, 2013. This includes $942,961 of interest expense on notes payables that had a total balance of $9,865,889
at December 31, 2013 and $1,194,891 of interest for the loan payable to Georgia Notes, LLC of $11,098,066 at December 31,
2013 (see Note 12 of the accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements). Interest expense for the year ended
December 31, 2013 also includes $819,214 of interest on a factoring line that TOT Money has with Alfa Bank. 36 Interest income, net for the year ended December 31, 2012 was
$370,568, which primarily was composed of interest income from TOT Money loan to RM Invest. The company recognized the Intangible
assets impairment in the amount of $872,354. This is due to the write off of the First Data Portfolio. The First Data
portfolio was written off entirely at December 31, 2013 since the lawsuit to regain the portfolio was dismissed in early 2014 The net loss attributable to noncontrolling interests amounted
to $1,129,319 for the year ending December 31, 2013 as compared to $133,360 year ending December 31, 2012. The $1,204,059 was primarily
attributed to TOT Group. The noncontrolling interest reflects the results of operations of subsidiaries that are allocable to equity owners other
than the Company. Since our inception, we have incurred significant
operating losses. We incurred net losses totaling $48.3 million and $16.4 million for the years ended December 31, 2013 and
2012, respectively. We had negative cash flows from operating activities of $10.8 million for the year ended December 31,
2013 and an accumulated deficit of $119 million at December 31, 2013. We had negative working capital of $8.0 million at
December 31, 2013, and our current assets at December 31, 2013 included $10.6 million of accounts receivable, and $1.1
million of advances to aggregators. These conditions raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going
concern. The independent auditors’ report on our consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2013
contains an explanatory paragraph expressing substantial doubt as to our ability to continue as a going concern. The
accompanying consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments that might be necessary if we are unable to
continue as a going concern. See also “Liquidity and Capital Resources” below. Liquidity and Capital Resources The Company’s total assets
at December 31, 2013 were $22,508,725 compared to $28,378,634 at December 31, 2012. The year over year change in total assets
is primarily attributable to the significant decreases in the Company’s cash used to support operations and reductions
in notes receivable and advances to aggregators as of December 31, 2013 compared to December 31, 2012. At December 31, 2013, we had total
current assets of $12,689,171 including $126,319 of cash, $10,619,289 of accounts receivable, $1,109,538 of advances to aggregators
and $834,025 of prepaid expenses and other assets. At December 31, 2012, we had total current assets of $28,005,205 including $3,546,787
of cash, $2,056,821 of restricted cash (consisting of approximately $1.8 million deposited in a segregated bank account pursuant
to our credit facility with Alfa-Bank, and $250,000 in a certificate of deposit that was liquidated in February 2013), $6,088,934
in net notes receivable, $10,855,175 of accounts receivable, $4,777,033 in advances to aggregators and $487,995 of prepaid expenses
and other assets. The Company is currently
negotiating an $11.2 million convertible note with Cayman Invest, SA. The draft terms of the agreement call for a zero
interest rate and in the event of default an interest rate of 12%, maturity date of March 31, 2015 and certain
conversion features. The automatic conversion feature provides for 15% of fully diluted shares to be issued upon the Company
raising $10 million in qualified financing from a third party. Cayman Invest, SA can also convert, at their sole discretion,
under the same terms at any time. Although the terms and agreement have not been fully agreed to, Cayman Invest, SA has
advanced $6,180,000 between January 1 and April 15, 2014 in anticipation of the signing of the convertible loan
agreement. As of the date this Report was
filed with the Commission, management expects that our proceeds from note with Cayman Invest, SA and cash flows
from operations will not be sufficient to fully execute our business plan through 2014. We expect to have a significant
increase in our capital requirements during the 2014 fiscal year due to our expanding of transactional processing operations,
and due to our cash needs to service our debt. The Company requires an estimated $10 million of additional funding in order
to continue its organic growth and purchase recurring revenues currently payable to its sales agents, (for additional
information, see Note 3 to the accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements). 37 We currently believe that we
will require an additional $10 million to purchase recurring revenues currently payable to our sales agents and fund working capital requirements as discussed in previous paragraph, in financing to continue operations as
currently conducted, to continue the operations of Unified Payments’ and our combined transaction processing businesses and
to pay for other currently anticipated capital expenditures over the next 12 months. We have historically been dependent
upon our directors and majority stockholders (including entities directly or indirectly controlled by them), and/or
other affiliates of the Company, to fund our operations and we are exploring additional sources of financing in order to
meet our financial requirements. Additional funds may be raised through debt financing and/or the issuance of equity
securities, there being no assurance that any type of financing on terms satisfactory to us will be available or otherwise
occur. Debt financing must be repaid regardless of whether we generate revenues or cash flows from operations and may be
secured by substantially all of our assets. Any equity financing or debt financing that requires the issuance of equity
securities or warrants to the lender would cause the percentage ownership by our current stockholders to be diluted, which
dilution may be substantial. Also, any additional equity securities issued may have rights, preferences or privileges senior
to those of existing stockholders. If such financings are not available when required or are not available on acceptable
terms, we may be unable to implement our business plans or take advantage of business opportunities, any of which could have
a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and/or prospects and may
ultimately require us to suspend or cease operations, which could cause investors to lose the entire amount of their
investment. Operating activities used
$10.8 million of cash for the year ended December 31, 2013, compared to $25.2 million of cash for the year ended December 31,
2012. The net loss for the year ended December 31, 2013 was $48.3 million, which included $11.2 million of goodwill
impairment from the Unified acquisition, $0.9 million of intangible impairment, $16.5 million of non-cash compensation
expense relating to equity issued for various services, $2.2 million in depreciation and amortization and $7.6 million of
provision for bad debts mainly related to loss provision for advances to aggregators. Additional sources of operating cash
included $2.0 decrease in prepaid expenses and other assets, a $2.7 increase in accounts payable and accrued expenses. The
majority of the cash used in operating activities went to fund our net loss. Additionally, there was an increase of $3.3
million in advances to aggregators and an increase in accounts receivable of $0.6 million. Investing activities provided $4.1
million of cash for the year ended December 31, 2013, compared to using $7.4 million of cash for the year ended December 31, 2012.
The increase in cash provided by investing activities in the year ended December 31, 2013 was primarily attributable to $4.9 million
of collections from net notes receivable. Net cash used in investing activities included $0.4 million for the acquisition of intangible
assets and $0.5 million for the acquisition of Aptito. We did not have any collections from net notes receivable or acquisition
activity for the year ended December 31, 2012. Financing activities
provided $3.1 million of cash during the year ended December 31, 2013, compared to providing $35.8 million of cash during the
year ended December 31, 2012. The decrease in cash provided by financing activities during the year ended December 31, 2013
is primarily attributable to activity for the year ended December 31, 2012 that did not occur during the year ended December
31, 2013. The 2012 activities included $25.7 million of cash received from the Cazador merger, $9.4 million of borrowings
from financial institutions and $4.1 million of proceeds from subscription agreements for shares and warrants issued offset
by $1.3 million use of cash to repay related parties. The activity for the year ended December 31, 2013 consisted of
a $2.0 million source of cash from the elimination of restricted cash created in 2012 and $2.0 million from K1 Holdings note
payable proceeds offset by $0.5 million use of cash to repurchase shares and $0.3 million repayment of borrowings. The
changes in restricted cash were due to the establishment of Alfa Bank credit facility in 2012 and repayment of same during
the year ended December 31, 2013. The Company often deals with transactions
in foreign currencies, such as Russian Rubles. The effect of exchanges rate changes on cash amounted to $0.1 million At September 30, 2012, the Company (then known as Cazador Acquisition
Corporation Ltd.) had $46,165,000 of restricted cash held in trust. In connection with our merger with Net Element, those public
shareholders who voted against the Merger and duly exercised their shareholder redemption rights were able to redeem their ordinary
shares for approximately $10.036 per share, representing the pro rata share of the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Company’s
trust account. The public shareholders redeemed 1,956,645 ordinary shares for a total amount of approximately $19.6 million. After
shareholder redemptions of approximately $19.6 million, transaction expenses of approximately $1.6 million and repaying certain
related party debt totaling approximately $13 million, the Company received approximately $12 million of cash proceeds from the
trust account. 38 On August 17, 2012, TOT Money entered
into a Credit Agreement with Alfa-Bank. Pursuant to the Credit Agreement, Alfa-Bank agreed to provide a line of credit to TOT Money
with the credit line limit set at 300 million Russian rubles (approximately $9.8 million in U.S. dollars). The interest rate on
the initial amount borrowed under the Credit Agreement is 3.55% per annum. Alfa-Bank has the unilateral right to change the interest
rate on amounts borrowed under the Credit Agreement from time to time in the event of changes in certain market rates or in Alfa-Bank’s
reasonable discretion, provided that the interest rate may not exceed 14% per annum. Interest must be repaid on a monthly basis
on the 25th of each month. Amounts borrowed under the Credit Agreement must be repaid within six months of the date borrowed. The
duration of the line of credit is set from August 17, 2012 through May 20, 2014. TOT Money’s obligations under the Credit
Agreement are secured by a pledge of TOT Money’s deposits in its deposit account with Alfa-Bank and by a guarantee given
by AO SAT & Company. AO SAT & Company is an affiliate of Kenges Rakishev. As of December 31, 2012, the Company had restricted
cash pursuant the Credit Agreement of $1.8 million. The Company paid off this credit facility on February 14, 2013 in order to
eliminate interest expense under the credit line and free up the restricted cash. The balance of this loan was 53,900,000 rubles
(approximately $1.6 million in U.S. dollars) at December 31, 2012. On September 28, 2012, TOT Money entered into a factoring agreement
with Alfa-Bank. Pursuant to the agreement, TOT Money agreed to assign to Alfa-Bank its accounts receivable as security for financing
in an aggregate amount of up to 300 million Russian rubles (approximately $9.8 million in U.S. dollars) provided by Alfa-Bank to
TOT Money. On January 14, 2013, the agreement was amended to increase the maximum aggregate amount of financing available under
the factoring agreement by 100 million Russian rubles (approximately $3.3 million in U.S. dollars) to 400 million Russian rubles
(approximately $13.1 million in U.S. dollars). The term of the agreement is from September 28, 2012 until May 20, 2014 Alfa-Bank’s
compensation pursuant to the agreement for providing services for the administrative management of accounts receivable ranges from
10 Russian rubles to 100 Russian rubles per account receivable, depending upon whether financing was provided related to the particular
account receivable and the form of the documentation related to the particular account receivable. Alfa-Bank’s compensation
pursuant to the agreement for providing financing to TOT Money is calculated as a financing rate that ranges from 9.70% to 11.95%
of the amounts borrowed, depending upon the amount borrowed and the number of days in the period from the date financing is provided
until the date the applicable account receivable is paid; however, Alfa-Bank has the unilateral right to change such financing
rates in the event of changes in certain market rates or in Alfa-Bank’s reasonable discretion. TOT Money’s obligations
under the Agreement also are secured by a guarantee given by AO SAT & Company. AO SAT & Company is an affiliate of Kenges
Rakishev. The balance of the factoring agreement was 276,789,747 rubles (approximately $8.46 million U.S. dollars) at December
31, 2013 and 232,723,216 rubles (approximately $7.11 million in U.S. dollars) at December 31, 2012. On February 2, 2012, Net Element entered
into a Subscription Agreement with one of the Company’s directors, Felix Vulis, pursuant to which Mr. Vulis purchased from
Net Element for $100,000: (i) 16,667 shares of Net Element common stock; (ii) a three-year warrant to purchase up to an additional
16,667 shares of Net Element common stock with an exercise price of $10.00 per share; (iii) a three-year warrant to purchase up
to an additional 16,677 shares of Net Element common stock with an exercise price of $20.00 per share; and (iv) a three-year warrant
to purchase up to an additional 16,667 shares of Net Element common stock with an exercise price of $40.00 per share. These warrants
were cancelled on October 2, 2012 pursuant to our merger agreement with Net Element. On February 23, 2012, Net Element entered
into a Subscription Agreement pursuant to which it sold 333,333 newly issued shares of Net Element common stock to Kenges Rakishev
for an aggregate purchase price of $2,000,000, or $6.00 per share. On May 14, 2012, Net Element entered
into a $500,000 principal amount Promissory Note and Loan Agreement with Enerfund, LLC maturing November 1, 2012. The interest
rate was 5% per annum. The Company repaid this note with accrued interest of around $10 thousand on October 3, 2012. 39 On June 26, 2012, Net Element’s
subsidiary, Net Element Russia, entered into a Loan Agreement with Green Venture Group, LLC, pursuant to which Net Element Russia
was loaned 150 million Russian rubles (approximately $4.9 million in U.S. dollars). The loan was intended to be used by Net Element
Russia for working capital and the development of the business of TOT Money. The interest rate under the Loan Agreement was 8.15%
per annum and outstanding principal and interest was due on or before November 1, 2012. Green Venture Group, LLC is owned and controlled
by Mike Zoi. The funding under this loan agreement was received July 20, 2012. On October 2, 2012, the loan with Green Venture
Group, LLC was assigned to the Company and simultaneously repaid in full with the exception of $301,966 balance at December 31,
2013 reflected in due to related parties in the accompanying balance sheet. On July 4, 2012, Net Element Russia
entered into a Loan Agreement with OOO Sat-Moscow, pursuant to which Net Element Russia was loaned 150 million Russian rubles (approximately
$4.9 million in U.S. dollars). The loan was intended to be used by Net Element Russia for working capital and the development of
the business of TOT Money. The interest rate under the Loan Agreement was 8.15% per annum and outstanding principal and interest
was due on or before November 1, 2012. Sat-Moscow is indirectly controlled by Kenges Rakishev, Chairman of the Board of Directors
of the Company. On October 2, 2012, the loan with Sat-Moscow was assigned to the Company and simultaneously repaid in full. In connection with its
acquisition of the business assets of Unified Payments on April 16, 2013, the Company assumed several long-term debt
obligations with an aggregate outstanding amount of $20.6 million. Such long-term debt includes notes that currently bear
interest at rates ranging from 9.75% to 15.635% and has maturity dates ranging from October 2014 until January 2016. In
addition, pursuant to the Contribution Agreement entered into by the Company on April 16, 2013 with Unified Payments, TOT
Group, Oleg Firer and Georgia Notes 18 LLC, on January 1, 2014, the preferred membership interest in Unified Payments plus
payable in kind interest accrued thereon will be converted into a 8% interest only loan (interest compounding annually with a
balloon payment due on January 1, 2017) and, upon such conversion, such loan will be assumed by a subsidiary of TOT Group.
This convertible preferred membership interest is classified as long term debt with a balance of $11,098,066 in the
accompanying consolidated balance sheets. For additional information, see Notes 4 and 12 of the accompanying notes to
unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. On April 7, 2014 the Company paid off
and satisfied its debts with RBL Capital corp., which consisted of two notes: one note with a remaining principal balance of $1,416,926
as March 31, 2014 and one note with a principal balance of $934,030 as of March 31, 2014. The note with the principal balance
of $1,416,926 provided for the payoff of restructuring interest accrued in the amount of $92,239. The loan pay off also provided
for pro rata interest in the amount of $16,020 and a prepayment premium in the amount of $42,508, which was also charge to interest
expense. The total payoff for this note amounted to $1,567,693. The note required monthly payments of $77,560 in principal and
interest at %15.636, plus an additional 5% in restructuring interest, to be accrued from January, 2013 through March 2015 to total
$106,856. The note with the principal balance
of $934,030 provided for the payoff of restructuring interest accrued in the amount of $90,615. The loan payoff also provided for
pro rata interest in the amount of $9,505 and had not prepayment premium. The total payoff of this note amounted to $1,034,150.
The note required monthly payments of $84,584.07 in principal and interest plus an additional 5% restructuring interest, to be
accrued from January, 2013 through March 2015 to total $116,533. 40 On September 4, 2013, the Company entered
into a letter agreement, dated as of August 28, 2013, with Oleg Firer, Steven Wolberg, Georgia Notes 18 LLC and Vladimir Sadovskiy,
pursuant to which the Company agreed, subject to approval of the Company's shareholders, to issue such number of shares of Common
Stock of the Company equal to 10% of the Company's issued and outstanding Common Stock as of the date of issuance of such shares
in exchange for the Company's acquisition of the outstanding 10% minority interest in the Company's 90%-owned subsidiary, TOT Group,
Inc. Pursuant to this agreement, the Company is obligated to issue to Mr. Firer (who is Chief Executive Officer and a director
of the Company) 4.5% of the Company's issued and outstanding Common Stock as of the date of issuance of such shares, and to Mr.
Wolberg (who is Chief Legal Officer and Secretary of the Company) 2% of the Company's issued and outstanding Common Stock as of
the date of issuance of such shares. . Shareholders approved this letter agreement on December 5, 2013. On September 25, 2013, the Company
entered into a Contribution Agreement with T1T Lab, LLC, a Florida limited liability company ("T1T Lab"), and T1T Group,
LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, pursuant to which, on September 25, 2013, the Company contributed to T1T Lab all of
its membership and participation interests in its subsidiaries Openfilm, LLC, Motorsport, LLC, Splinex, LLC, LegalGuru, LLC and
MUSIC 1 LLC (a/k/a OOO Music1) (collectively, the "Disposed Subsidiaries"). The Disposed Subsidiaries constitute all
of the Company's interests in online media businesses and operations (referred to herein collectively as the Company's "entertainment
assets"). Pursuant to the Contribution Agreement, the Company contributed to T1T Lab all of its membership and participation
interests in the Disposed Subsidiaries and agreed to make an initial capital contribution to T1T Lab in the amount of $1,259,000,
a portion of which may be paid in the form of future services provided by the Company. In exchange for such contributions, the
Company was issued a 10% membership interest in T1T Lab and T1T Lab assumed $2,162,158 in liabilities (including $2,000,000 owed
by the Company to K 1 Holding Limited pursuant to a promissory note dated May 13, 2013) related to the Disposed Subsidiaries. In
addition, all intercompany loans payable by the Disposed Subsidiaries to the Company, on the one hand, and by the Company to the
Disposed Subsidiaries, on the other hand, were forgiven by the Company and T1T Lab (as applicable). Total intercompany loans forgiven
by the Company, net of the total intercompany loans forgiven by the Disposed Subsidiaries, was $9,254,725. The remaining
90% membership interest in T1T Lab is owned by T1T Group, LLC, which is wholly-owned by Enerfund, LLC (which is wholly-owned
by Mike Zoi). On December 5, 2013, the Board submitted
and the shareholders approved the Net Element International, Inc. 2013 Equity Incentive Plan (the "2013 Plan"). The purpose
of the 2013 Plan is to encourage and enable employees, independent contractors and directors of the Company and its subsidiaries
to acquire a proprietary interest in the Company through the ownership of the Company's Common Stock and other rights with respect
to the Company's Common Stock. Such ownership is intended to provide such employees, independent contractors and directors with
a more direct stake in the future welfare of the Company. It is also expected that the 2013 Plan will encourage qualified persons
to seek and accept employment with the Company and its subsidiaries and to become and remain directors of the Company. Awards under
the 2013 Plan may be granted in any one or all of the following forms: (i) incentive stock options ("Incentive Stock Options")
meeting the requirements of Section 422 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the "Code"); (ii) non-qualified
stock options ("Non-Qualified Stock Options") (unless otherwise indicated, references to "Options" include
both Incentive Stock Options and Non-Qualified Stock Options); (iii) stock appreciation rights ("Stock Appreciation Rights"),
which may be awarded either in tandem with Options ("Tandem Stock Appreciation Rights") or on a stand-alone basis ("Nontandem
Stock Appreciation Rights"); (iv) shares of Common Stock that are restricted ("Restricted Shares"); (v) units representing
shares of Common Stock ("Performance Shares"); (vi) units that do not represent shares of Common Stock but which may
be paid in the form of Common Stock ("Performance Units"); and (vii) shares of Common Stock that are not subject to any
conditions to vesting ("Unrestricted Shares"). The maximum aggregate number of shares of Common Stock available for award
under the 2013 Plan is 5,630,000, subject to adjustment as provided for in the 2013 Plan. Shares of Common Stock issued pursuant
to the 2013 Plan may be either authorized but unissued shares or issued shares reacquired by the Company. In the event that prior
to the end of the period during which Options may be granted under the 2013 Plan, any Option or any Nontandem Stock Appreciation
Right under the 2013 Plan expires unexercised or is terminated, surrendered or cancelled (other than in connection with the exercise
of Stock Appreciation Rights) without being exercised in whole or in part for any reason, or any Restricted Shares, Performance
Shares or Performance Units are forfeited, or if such awards are settled in cash in lieu of shares of Common Stock, then such shares
will be available for subsequent awards under the 2013 Plan. The 2013 Plan will be administered by the compensation committee.
The compensation committee will have the power and authority to, among other things: (i) grant Options and determine the purchase
price of the Common Stock covered by each Option, the term of each Option, the number of shares of Common Stock to be covered by
each Option and any performance objectives or vesting standards applicable to each Option; (ii) designate Options as Incentive
Stock Options or Non-Qualified Stock Options and determine which Options, if any, will be accompanied by Tandem Stock Appreciation
Rights; (iii) grant Tandem Stock Appreciation Rights and Nontandem Stock Appreciation Rights and determine the terms and conditions
of such rights; (iv) grant Restricted Shares and determine the terms of the restricted period and other conditions and restrictions
applicable to such shares; (v) grant Performance Shares and Performance Units and determine the performance objectives, performance
periods and other conditions applicable to such shares or units; (vi) grant Unrestricted Shares; and (vii) determine the employees,
independent contractors and directors to whom, and the time or times at which, Options, Stock Appreciation Rights, Restricted Shares,
Performance Shares, Performance Units and Unrestricted Shares will be granted. Awards may be made to all employees, independent
contractors (including persons other than individuals) and directors of the Company or any of its subsidiaries. In determining
the employees, independent contractors and directors to whom awards will be granted and the number to be covered by each award,
the compensation committee will take into account the nature of the services rendered by such employees, independent contractors
and directors, their present and potential contributions to the success of the Company and its subsidiaries and such other factors
as the compensation committee deems relevant. 41 On December 5, 2013, shareholders approved
the issuance of 75,000 shares to Curtis Wolfe. On May 10, 2013, the Company entered into a Settlement, Separation Agreement and
General Release (the "Separation Agreement") with Curtis Wolfe. A copy of the Separation Agreement is attached as Appendix
"B" hereto. Mr. Wolfe is a former employee and the former Secretary of the Company and he is the Chief Executive Officer
and Chairman of our 70%-owned subsidiary, LegalGuru LLC. Mr. Wolfe also owns the remaining 30% interest in LegalGuru LLC through
Lobos Advisors, LLC (a company of which Mr. Wolfe is the President and managing member). Mr. Wolfe's employment with the Company
was effectively terminated as of February 15, 2013 since that is that is the approximate date when Mr. Wolfe discontinued providing
services to the Company, although he continued to hold the position of Secretary of the Company until April 10, 2013. Pursuant
to the Separation Agreement, the Company agreed, subject to the approval of shareholders at the annual meeting, to issue to Mr.
Wolfe 75,000 shares of Common Stock of the Company as severance and compensation for his service as an employee of the Company
until February 15, 2013. The Company agreed that Mr. Wolfe would have piggyback registration rights with respect to these shares
of Common Stock. On May 14, 2013, the Company executed
and delivered to K 1 Holding Limited (“K1 Holding”) a promissory note, dated May 13, 2013, in the principal amount
of $2 million, in connection with a loan in such amount made by K1 Holding to the Company. Proceeds from the loan are required
to be used for general business purposes of the Company. Since there is no interest stated on this note, the Company used the effective
interest method to calculate imputed interest at an effective rate of 13.25 %. The Company recognized a discount on the
loan of $463,358, resulting in an initial present value of $1,536,642. This discount will be amortized over the life of the loan
as interest expense. K1 Holding is an affiliate of Igor Yakovlevich Krutoy. Mr. Krutoy, through K1 Holding, owns a 33 %
interest in the Company’s former subsidiary OOO Music1. At the time the K1 Note was entered into by the Company and the related
loan made by K1 Holding to the Company, the Company was negotiating a letter agreement dated May 13, 2013 with TGR Capital,
LLC and K1 Holding. The draft of that letter agreement at that time provided that, as a condition to K1 Holding making the
foregoing loan to the Company and to K1 Holding entering into an agreement to provide certain business development consulting services
to the Company, (i) the Company would issue to K1 Holding a number of restricted shares of common stock of the Company equal to 2%
of the total issued and outstanding shares of common stock of the Company at the time of issuance and (ii) TGR Capital, LLC would
transfer to K1 Holding such number of restricted shares of common stock of the Company as is needed to bring K1 Holding’s
and Mr. Krutoy’s aggregate beneficial ownership of common stock of the Company to 10% of the total issued and outstanding
shares of common stock of the Company at the time of such transfer. TGR Capital, LLC is an affiliate of Mike Zoi. The foregoing
letter agreement was not finalized nor entered into by the parties at that time. On September 25, 2013, the K1 Note
was assumed by T1T Lab in connection with divesture of entertainment assets on that date. At that time, the parties continued
negotiating that letter agreement and agreed in principal that, pursuant to that letter agreement, (i) the Company would issue
to K1 Holding a number of restricted shares of common stock of the Company equal to 4% (instead of 2% as initially contemplated)
of the total issued and outstanding shares of common stock of the Company at the time of issuance and (ii) TGR Capital, LLC would
transfer to K1 Holding such number of restricted shares of common stock of the Company as is needed to bring K1 Holding's and Mr.
Krutoy's aggregate beneficial ownership of common stock of the Company to 10% of the total issued and outstanding shares of common
stock of the Company at the time of such transfer (decreasing the amount of shares required to be transferred by TGR Capital, LLC
to K1 Holding from 8% to 6% of the total issued and outstanding shares of common stock of the Company). 42 On December 5, 2013, the Company entered
into (i) a letter agreement (the "K1 Agreement") with TGR Capital, LLC and K 1 Holding and (ii) a Services Agreement
with K1 Holding (the "Services Agreement"). The K1 Agreement requires the Company to issue to K1 Holding a number of
restricted shares of common stock of the Company equal to 4% of the total issued and outstanding shares of common stock of the
Company at the time of issuance. Mr. Krutoy, through K1 Holding, owns a 33% equity interest in MUSIC 1 LLC (a/k/a OOO Music1),
a former subsidiary of the Company. Further, the K1 Agreement requires TGR Capital, LLC to transfer to K1 Holding such number of
restricted shares of common stock of the Company as is needed to bring K1 Holding's and Mr. Krutoy's aggregate beneficial ownership
of common stock of the Company to 10% of the total issued and outstanding shares of common stock of the Company at the time of
such transfer. The issuance and transfer of such shares of common stock to K1 Holding is consideration for the services to be provided
pursuant to the Services Agreement (as described below) and for making a $2 million loan to the Company that was made on May 14,
2013 (the related promissory note was subsequently assumed by T1T Lab, LLC in connection with the Company's disposition of its
online media subsidiaries to T1T Lab, LLC on September 25, 2013). T1T Lab, LLC is an affiliate of Mike Zoi. The issuance by the
Company of any shares of its common stock to K1 Holding pursuant to the K1 Agreement was approved by the Company’s shareholders
at the 2013 annual meeting of shareholders of the Company. The Services Agreement provides that K1 Holding will provide investor
relations services for the Company and its affiliates outside the United States and that K1 Holding will assist the Company and
its affiliates with future negotiations and maintaining their relationship with Mobile TeleSystems OJSC, MegaFon OJSC, OJSC VimpelCom
(a/k/a Beeline) and their respective affiliates (collectively, the "Mobile Carriers"). The Company's subsidiary, TOT
Money, has agreements to provide mobile payment processing services for electronic payments using SMS (short message services,
which is a text messaging service) and MMS (multimedia message services) initiated by the mobile phone subscribers of each of the
Mobile Carriers in Russia. The term of the Services Agreement expires on December 5, 2015. Off-balance sheet arrangements At December 31, 2013, we did not have any off-balance sheet
arrangements as defined in Item 303(a)(4) of Regulation S-K. Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements Recently Issued Accounting Guidance In July 2013, the FASB issued ASU 2013-11, Income Taxes
(Topic 740) Presentation of an Unrecognized Tax Benefit When a Net Operating Loss Carryforward, a Similar Tax Loss, or a Tax Credit
Carryforward Exists. This update provides that an entity that has unrecognized tax benefits when a net operating loss carryforward,
a similar tax loss, or a tax credit carryforward exists at the reporting date should present the unrecognized tax benefit, or a
portion of an unrecognized tax benefit, in the financial statements as a reduction to a deferred tax asset for a net operating
loss carryforward, a similar tax loss, or a tax credit carryforward. This update is effective for reporting periods beginning after
December 15, 2013. The Company does not believe the adoption of this guidance will have a material impact on the Company’s
unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. Recently Adopted Accounting Guidance In July 2012, the FASB issued ASU 2012-02, Intangibles-Goodwill
and Other (Topic 350) which amended then existing guidance by giving an entity the option not to calculate annually the
fair value of an indefinite-lived intangible asset if the entity determines that it is not more likely than not that the asset
is impaired. Previous guidance required an entity to test indefinite-lived intangible assets for impairment, on at least an annual
basis, by comparing the fair value of the asset with its carrying amount. If the carrying amount of the intangible asset exceeds
its fair value, an entity should recognize an impairment loss in the amount of that excess. This update is effective for annual
and interim impairment tests performed for fiscal years beginning after September 15, 2012. The Company adopted this guidance
on January 1, 2013. The adoption of this guidance did not have a material impact on the Company’s unaudited condensed
consolidated financial statements. 43 In March 2013, the FASB issued ASU 2013-05, Foreign
Currency Matters (Topic 830): Parent's Accounting for the Cumulative Translation Adjustment upon Derecognition of Certain Subsidiaries
or Groups of Assets within a Foreign Entity or of an Investment in a Foreign Entity (a consensus of the FASB Emerging Issues Task
Force) (“ASU 2013-05”). The objective of ASU 2013-05 is to resolve diversity in practice regarding the
release of the cumulative translation adjustment into net income when a parent either sells a part or all of its investment in
a foreign entity or no longer holds a controlling financial interest in a subsidiary or group of assets that is a nonprofit activity
or a business within a foreign entity. ASU 2013-05 is effective prospectively for fiscal years, and interim reporting periods within
those years, beginning after December 15, 2013. The Company is currently evaluating the potential impact of this ASU on its condensed
unaudited consolidated financial statements. Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures
About Market Risk. Not Applicable. Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. The Consolidated Financial Statements and notes thereto and
the reports of the independent registered public accounting firms set forth on pages F-2 through F-6 are filed as part of this
Report and incorporated herein by reference. Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants
on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. None. Item 9A. Controls and Procedures. Our disclosure controls and procedures are designed to provide
reasonable assurance that information required to be disclosed in our reports filed or submitted under the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934, as amended (the “Exchange Act”) is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods
specified in the Commission’s rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management,
including our chief executive officer and chief financial officer, as appropriate, to allow for timely decisions regarding required
disclosure. In designing and evaluating the disclosure controls and procedures, management recognizes that any controls and procedures,
no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving the desired control objectives, and
management is required to apply its judgment in evaluating the cost-benefit relationship of possible controls and procedures. As of the end of the period covered by this Report, our management
conducted an evaluation, under the supervision and with the participation of our chief executive officer and chief financial officer,
of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) and Rule 15d-15(e) under the Exchange
Act). Based on that evaluation, our chief executive officer and chief financial officer concluded that our disclosure controls
and procedures were not effective because there are a limited number of personnel employed and we cannot have an adequate segregation
of duties, and due to the material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting as discussed below under “Management’s
Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting.” Accordingly, management cannot provide reasonable assurance of achieving
the desired control objective. Management works to mitigate these risks by being personally involved in all substantive transactions
and attempts to obtain verification of transactions and accounting policies and treatments involving our operations, including
those overseas. We are in the process of reviewing and, where necessary, modifying controls and procedures throughout the Company,
particularly in light of our recent acquisitions and the continued integration of these businesses. We will continue to address
deficiencies as resources permit. 44 Management’s Report on Internal Control over Financial
Reporting Management of the Company is responsible for establishing and
maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under Exchange Act). Internal control
over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting
and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles.
Internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that: (i) pertain to the maintenance of records
that in reasonable detail accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the Company; (ii) provide
reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with
generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the Company are being made only in accordance with
authorizations of management and directors of the Company; and (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely
detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of the Company’s assets that could have a material effect on the
financial statements. We recognize that because of its inherent limitations, internal
control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness
to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree
of compliance with the policies and procedures may deteriorate. Management of the Company conducted an assessment of the effectiveness
of the Company’s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2013, based on the framework in Internal Control
– Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission in 1992 (the “COSO
Framework”). Based on management’s assessment in accordance with the criteria in the COSO Framework, our management
concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was not effective as of December 31, 2013. Management is aware of the following material weaknesses (a
material weakness is a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting such that there
is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of the Company’s annual or interim financial statements will not
be prevented or detected and corrected on a timely basis) in the Company’s internal control over financial reporting: Control Environment · | Inadequate Policies and Procedures: Based on management’s review of key accounting policies and procedures, our management determined that such policies and procedures were inadequate as of December 31, 2013. Management identified certain policies and procedures as inadequate regarding the design of the control and formal written documentation. · | Segregation of Duties: We did not maintain adequate segregation of duties related to job responsibilities for initiating, authorizing, and recording of certain transactions as of December 31, 2013. Although we believe that we have established appropriate transaction approval criteria, we do not have sufficient personnel to provide an independent review of journal entries, account analyses, monitoring or adequate risk assessment functions. · | New Executive Management Team Members: A changing organizational structure provided challenges to ensure a sound control environment with appropriate tone, authority, responsibilities, and high ethical values. We established an audit committee as of December 31, 2013; however, due to changes in both executive management and the composition of Company subsidiaries, there has been insufficient time to establish adequate Best of Practice procedures. These changes in directors, executive management and the composition of subsidiaries occurred as of April 16, 2013 in connection with the Company’s merger with Unified Payments. An effective audit committee working closely with the executive management team mitigates the risks that significant transactions are entered into without approval by those charged with governance. · | Advances to Aggregators: We do not maintain appropriate control surrounding the billing and advances to aggregators in our TOT Money Russian operation. As a result, we are migrating our billing system from SDSP Group to TOT Platform, our proprietary system. We are currently engaged in litigation with RM Invest; as such RM Invest is not providing any further support or assisting us with retrieval of information from the current billing system. 45 Control Activities · | Testing of Internal Controls: The Company’s accounting staff is relatively small and the Company does not have the required infrastructure for meeting the demands of being a U.S. public company. As a result we have identified deficiencies in our internal controls within our key business processes, particularly with respect to the design of quarterly accounting, financial statements close, consolidation, and external financial reporting procedures. Management believes there are control procedures that are effective in implementation within our key business processes. However, certain of these processes could not be formally tested because of lack of design, or being inadequate documentation, and lack of financial resources. Information and Communication · | Adequacy of Financial Information: We concluded that our internal controls were not effective as of December 31, 2013 due to the lack of general computer controls surrounding the billing and financial reporting system in one of our Russian subsidiaries. However, management believes that, given the size and scope of our business, all material information was communicated to management within a time frame that was adequate for management to make informed business and reporting decisions. Monitoring · | Internal Control Monitoring: As a result of our limited financial personnel and ineffective controls (both preventative and detective) management’s ability to monitor the design and operating effectiveness of our internal controls is limited. Accordingly, management’s ability to timely detect, prevent and remediate deficiencies and potential fraud risks is inadequate. These material weaknesses impede the ability of management to
adequately oversee our internal control over financial reporting on a consistent basis. Management intends to continue focusing
its remediation efforts in the near term on designing revised accounting and financial reporting policies and procedures that will
help ensure that adequate internal controls over financial reporting are met. Additionally, these revised procedures will be formally
documented and procedures will focus on transaction processing, period-end account analyses and providing for additional review
and monitoring procedures and periodically assess the need for additional accounting resources as the business develops and resources
permit. Management also is committed to taking further action and implementing enhancements or improvements as resources permit.
We recognize that, due to the size and early stage of development of our business, implementation of additional measures may take
considerable time. Management intends to migrate to a new billing system during 2014 so the general computer controls surrounding
its foreign subsidiaries’ billing and financial reporting systems inadequacies are largely remediated. Notwithstanding the material weaknesses discussed above, our
management has concluded that the financial statements included in this Report fairly present in all material respects our financial
condition, results of operations and cash flows for the periods presented in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles. Except as specifically described above in this Item 9A, there
was no change in our internal control over financial reporting during our fourth fiscal quarter of 2013 that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. Item 9B. Other Information During 2013, the Company entered into several Amendments to
its Lease Agreement for the former corporate headquarters office space in Miami Florida (See Note 13 for the Lease Agreement of
the new corporate headquarters office space in North Miami Beach), extending the term of the lease agreement until June 30, 2013.
The Lease Agreement provided a base rent per month of $16,808 from January 2013 to May 2013 and $9,050 for June 2013. Effective as of April 10, 2013, Curtis Wolfe’s position
as Secretary of the Company was terminated. 46 PART III Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and
Corporate Governance. Directors and Executive Officers The directors and executive officers of the Company and their
respective ages, and positions with the Company and certain business experience as of March 31, 2014 are set forth below. Mike
Zoi’s niece is married to Dmitry Kozko. Except for the relationship between Messrs. Zoi and Kozko, there are no family relationships
among any of the directors or executive officers. Name | Age | Position
Oleg Firer | 36 | Chief Executive Officer & Director
Dmitry Kozko | 29 | President & Director (resigned as President and Director January 31, 2014)
Tim Greenfield | 42 | President Mobile Commerce and Payment Processing
Steven Wolberg | 53 | Chief Legal Officer & Secretary
Jonathan New | 53 | Chief Financial Officer
Ivan Onuchin | 37 | Chief Technology Officer (resigned January 31, 2014)
Kenges Rakishev | 34 | Chairman
Mike Zoi | 47 | Director
David P. Kelley II | 56 | Director
James Caan | 73 | Director
Felix Vulis | 58 | Director Each of our directors will hold office until our next annual
meeting of stockholders at which directors are elected or until his successor is duly elected and qualified. Executive officers
serve at the discretion of the Board of Directors. Oleg Firer, Chief Executive Officer and Director. Mr.
Firer has served as Chief Executive Officer and a director of the Company since April 16, 2013. Previously, Mr. Firer served as
Executive Chairman of Unified Payments, LLC from January 2011 until its acquisition by the Company's subsidiary, TOT Group, Inc.,
on April 16, 2013. From July 2004 until December 2012, Mr. Firer served as President, Chief Executive Officer and Secretary (and
from May 2006 until December 2012 as Treasurer and from May 2008 until December 2012 as Chief Financial Officer) of Acies Corporation,
a provider of payment processing solutions to small and medium size merchants across the United States. Mr. Firer also served as
a director of Acies Corporation from May 2005 until December 2012. Mr. Firer served as the President of GM Merchant Solution, Inc.
(from August 2002) and Managing Partner of GMS Worldwide, LLC (from August 2003) until their assets were acquired by Acies Corporation
in June 2004. From November 2002 to December 2003, Mr. Firer served as the Chief Operating Officer of Digital Wireless Universe,
Inc. From December 2001 to November 2002, Mr. Firer served as the Managing Partner of CELLCELLCELL, LLC. From March 1998 to December
2001, Mr. Firer served as Vice President of SpeedUS Corp. Mr. Firer studied Computer Science at New York Technical College from
1993 to 1995. The Company believes that Mr. Firer's leadership roles in various payment processing companies makes him qualified
to serve as a director of the Company. Dmitry Kozko, President and Director (resigned February
15, 2013) . Mr. Kozko was President and a director of the Company from October 2, 2012 to February 15, 2014. Mr. Kozko was
Executive Vice President of Business Development of the Company’s predecessor, Net Element, from December 2010 until October
2, 2012 and a director of Net Element from October 24, 2011 until October 2, 2012. Mr. Kozko co-founded the Company’s subsidiary,
Openfilm, LLC, in 2007 and was Chief Executive Officer of Openfilm from 2009 until October 2, 2012. From 2007 until 2009, Mr.
Kozko was Chief Marketing Officer of Openfilm. During his tenure with Openfilm, Mr. Kozko was responsible for marketing and sales
initiatives, business development, overseeing technological development and capital raising. Tim Greenfield, President Mobile Commerce and Payment Processing .
Mr. Greenfield, serves as President of Mobile Commerce and Payment Processing for Net Element with responsibility for
driving innovation in the company and managing the U.S. processing business. Prior to joining Net Element Mr. Greenfield
was President of Gold Mobile, an early stage mobile firm that offered a mobile wallet solution, customer relationship management
(CRM), mobile apps and mobile couponing products. From 2007 to 2009, Mr. Greenfield was Chief Operating Officer of Easco
Manufacturing, Inc. Mr. Greenfield co-founded and, from 2002 to 2007, was managing partner of GDC Investments, LLC, a private equity
firm focused on acquiring, operating and exiting small and medium sized businesses. From 1998 to 2002, Mr. Greenfield was Engagement
Manager at McKinsey & Company, Inc., where he consulted on a wide range of strategic and global projects for Fortune 100 clients
across a wide range of industries including the automotive industry, retail, e-commerce, food and beverage, cable and private equity.
Mr. Greenfield holds a Master of Business Administration from the Kellogg Graduate School of Management at Northwestern University,
a Master of Manufacturing Engineering from the McCormick School of Engineering at Northwestern University and a Bachelor of Science
in Mechanical Engineering from the University of Michigan. 47 Steven Wolberg, Chief Legal Officer and Secretary . Mr.
Wolberg has been Chief Legal Officer and Secretary of the Company since April 16, 2013. Previously, Mr. Wolberg served in various
capacities with Acies Corporation from approximately January 2009 until December 2012, including as a consultant from approximately
January 2009 until October 2009, as a director from October 30, 2009 until December 2012 and as Chief Strategy Officer from March
1, 2010 until December 2012. Mr. Wolberg currently operates a solo law practice in Newton, Massachusetts, Attorney Steven Wolberg,
which he has operated since January 1997. Mr. Wolberg served as Chief Counsel and Vice President of Corporate Development for Mascot
Networks in Cambridge, Massachusetts from January 2000 to September 2001. Since September 1996, Mr. Wolberg has served as president
of Oakland Properties, Inc., a real estate development company. From February 1993 to December 1994, Mr. Wolberg served as an attorney
in the real estate and corporate divisions of Brown and Rudnick in Boston, Massachusetts. From March 1988 to November 1991, Mr.
Wolberg was a partner with the law firm of Jordaan and Wolberg in Johannesburg, South Africa. From January 1986 to February 1988,
Mr. Wolberg was employed as an attorney with Goodman and North in Johannesburg, South Africa. Mr. Wolberg also currently owns and
serves as the Managing Member of Prime Portfolios, LLC, which holds a private investment portfolio of payment processing companies.
Mr. Wolberg received his Bachelor of Arts from the University of Witwatersrand in Johannesburg, South Africa, his Bachelors of
Laws from the University of Witwatersrand, in Johannesburg, South Africa, and his Juris Doctorate from the New England School of
Law in Boston, Massachusetts. Mr. Wolberg is a member of the Massachusetts Bar Association. Jonathan New, Chief Financial Officer . Mr. New has been
Chief Financial Officer of the Company since October 2, 2012. Mr. New was Chief Financial Officer of the Company’s predecessor,
Net Element, from March 10, 2008 until October 2, 2012. From 2001 to 2003, Mr. New was Chief Operating Officer of Ener1, Inc. From
2004 until it was sold in 2006, Mr. New owned and operated Wholesale Salon Furniture Corp.com, which imported and distributed salon
equipment. Thereafter, until joining Net Element, Mr. New provided services to public companies on a variety of corporate accounting,
reporting and audit related issues. Prior to joining Ener1, Inc. in 2001, Mr. New held finance manager and chief financial officer
positions with companies including Häagen-Dazs, Virtacon (a web development company), RAI Credit Corporation (private label
credit card company) and Prudential of Florida. Mr. New obtained his BS in Accounting from Florida State University and began his
career with Accenture. He is a member of the Florida Institute of Certified Public Accountants and the American Institute of Certified
Public Accountants. Ivan Onuchin, Chief Technology Officer (resigned January
31, 2014) . Mr. Onuchin was Chief Technology Officer of the Company from October 2, 2012 to January 31, 2014. Mr. Onuchin joined
the Company’s predecessor, Net Element, on November 1, 2010 and was Chief Technology Officer of Net Element and its subsidiaries
from December 14, 2010 until October 2, 2012. From December 2008 through October 2010, Mr. Onuchin was employed with EdgeTech,
Inc., an underwater imaging company, as a software engineer responsible for the creation of architecture and software development
for a new generation of products for managing advanced underwater sonar imaging systems. From September 2005 until December 2008,
Mr. Onuchin was Chief Technology Officer of Helpful Technologies, Inc. and its subsidiaries, a Florida-based software development
company providing products that simplify access and navigation to the Internet. Mr. Onuchin’s responsibilities for Helpful
Technologies, Inc. included development of break-through technologies allowing users to navigate on the Internet without launching
a browser. From February 2004 through June 2005, Mr. Onuchin was the Chief Technology Officer of Splinex Technology, Inc., a predecessor
of Net Element, which was involved in the development of advanced technologies in the three-dimensional computer graphics industry.
Throughout his career, Mr. Onuchin was responsible for the creation of proprietary intellectual property portfolios and managed
local and outsourced teams of software developers. Mr. Onuchin has a post-graduate degree from the Russian Academy of Science,
where he has also taught classes in advanced mathematics. Mr. Onuchin has also taught at Ural State Technical University and Ural
State University. 48 Kenges Rakishev, Chairman . Mr. Rakishev has been a
director of the Company and Chairman of the Company’s Board of Directors since October 2, 2012. Mr. Rakishev served as
a director of the Company’s predecessor, Net Element, from April 23, 2012 until October 2, 2012. Mr. Rakishev has been
Chairman of SAT & Company JSC since November 2008. Since August 2011, he has been a non-executive director and Chairman
of SAT & Co Netherlands N.V. and, since September 2011, Mr. Rakishev has been a director of SatFerro Limited. Since
December 2010, Mr. Rakishev has been a Chairman of several companies including: Jinsheng SAT (Tianjin) Commercial and Trading
Co., Ltd.; Ulanhot Jinyuanda Heavy Chemical Industry Co., Ltd; Baicheng Jinsheng Nickel Industry Co., Ltd.; and Taonan City
Jinsheng Metallurgical Products Co. From October 2004 through the present Mr. Rakishev has served as a Vice-President of the
Union of Chambers of Commerce of the Republic of Kazakhstan. Since 2010, Mr. Rakishev has been the Vice-President of The
Boxing Association of Republic of Kazakhstan and, since 2011, he has been the Vice-President of Asian Boxing Confederation.
Mr. Rakishev holds a B.A. (Law) from the Kazakh State Law Academy and a B.A (International Economics) from the Kazakh
Economic University. Mr. Rakishev also has a AMP Diploma from Oxford University. We believe that Mr. Rakishev’s
international business leadership and relationships, combined with his extensive knowledge and unique perspectives of global
business opportunities, qualifies him to serve as a director of the Company. Mike Zoi, Director . Mr. Zoi has been a director of the
Company since October 2, 2012. Mr. Zoi was Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the board of directors of the Company’s
predecessor, Net Element, from 2007 until October 2, 2012. Mr. Zoi served as a director of Ener1, Inc. from February 2002 to August
2008 and a vice president of Ener1, Inc. from February 2007 to August 2008. Ener1, Inc. is engaged primarily in the business of
designing, developing and manufacturing rechargeable lithium-ion batteries and battery pack systems for use in the transportation,
grid energy storage and small pack, or consumer cell product markets. In 2006, Mr. Zoi founded and he continues to own 100% of
Enerfund, LLC, a company that owns interests in a variety of high growth businesses focused on technology, alternative energy transportation
and real estate. Earlier in his career, Mr. Zoi worked in various capacities relating to international finance and business development.
We believe that Mr. Zoi’s extensive knowledge of the Company and its businesses, as well as his leadership roles in various
technology companies, makes him qualified to serve as a director of the Company . David P. Kelley II, Director . Mr. Kelley has served as
a director of the Company since August 2010. Mr. Kelley is a partner of Zenith Capital Partners, LLC, a private equity firm located
in New York, where he has served since 2006, and a founding partner of Andover Partners Strategic Security Solutions, LLC (AP-S3,
LLC), a security and intelligence consulting firm, where he has served since December 2009. From 1985 to 1988, Mr. Kelley was a
tax lawyer in the law firm of Brown and Wood located in New York. From 1988 to 1991, Mr. Kelley worked at Merrill Lynch in New
York, where he was promoted to a Director of the Global Swap Group. From 1991 to 1994, Mr. Kelley was a Managing Director at UBS
Securities in New York, in charge of the U.S. Structured Products Group. From 1994 to 1998, Mr. Kelley was a Managing Director
and Head of the Global Structured Products Group at Deutsche Bank Securities in New York. From 1998 to 2006, Mr. Kelley was a Managing
Director of Integrated Capital Associates, a private equity firm located in New York. Mr. Kelley is currently a Director of the
Apex-Guotai Junan Greater China Fund, headquartered in Hong Kong. Mr. Kelley graduated from Emory University with a BA degree in
1979. He graduated with a J.D. degree from Temple University School of Law in 1983, and he received an L.L.M. in Taxation from
New York University School of Law in 1985. We believe that Mr. Kelley’s experience as a consultant and member of multiple
different oversight bodies, provides him with the necessary skills to be qualified to serve as a director of the Company. James Caan, Director . Mr. Caan has been a director of
the Company since October 2, 2012. Mr. Caan served as a director of the Company’s predecessor, Net Element, from January
1, 2011 until October 2, 2012. Mr. Caan also has been Chairman of the Advisory Board of Openfilm since October 12, 2009. Pursuant
to Mr. Caan’s advisory agreement with Openfilm, Mr. Zoi and Mr. Kozko are obligated to vote their shares in the Company in
favor of Mr. Caan as a director of the Company until December 14, 2013. Mr. Caan is an actor and director, having worked in the
film and television industries for over 40 years, and he is one of the entertainment industry’s most renowned talents, having
starred in over 80 films. We believe that Mr. Caan’s position with Openfilm, as well as his tenure working as an actor and
director in the film and television industry, qualifies him to serve as a director of the Company. 49 Felix Vulis, Director . Mr. Vulis has been a director
of the Company since October 2, 2012. Mr. Vulis served as a director of the Company’s predecessor, Net Element, from December
14, 2011 until October 2, 2012. Mr. Vulis is currently Chief Executive Officer of Eurasian Natural Resources Corporation PLC (“ENRC”)
(LSE: ENRC.L), a FTSE 100 company, and has been Chief Executive Officer of ENRC since August 2009. ENRC is a leading diversified
natural resources group with integrated mining, processing, energy, logistics and marketing operations. Prior to his appointment
as Chief Executive Officer of ENRC, Mr. Vulis was Chief Operating Officer of ENRC since December 2006. Between 2002 and 2006, Mr.
Vulis was First Vice President of Eurasia Industrial Association. Before joining the ENRC group in 2001, Mr. Vulis was President
of UNICHEM K, LLC. From 1990 until 1995 he was President and Chief Executive Officer of AGC Group, Inc. We believe that Mr. Vulis’
service as a director of Net Element, as well as his role as Chief Executive Officer of ENRC, provides him with the necessary skills
and experience to be qualified to serve as a director of the Company. Audit Committee Our Board of Directors has a separately-designated standing
audit committee established in accordance with Section 3(a)(58)(A) of the Exchange Act, which is currently comprised of David P.
Kelley II (audit committee chairman), Kenges Rakishev and Felix Vulis. The Board of Directors has determined that the audit committee’s
current member composition satisfies the rules of NASDAQ that govern audit committee composition, including the requirements that
each audit committee member must (i) be an “independent director” as defined under NASDAQ Listing Rule 5605(a)(2),
(ii) meet the criteria for independence set forth in Rule 10A-3(b)(1) under the Exchange Act, (iii) not have participated in the
preparation of the financial statements of the Company or any current subsidiary of the Company at any time during the past three
years, and (iv) be able to read and understand fundamental financial statements, including a company’s balance sheet, income
statement and cash flow statement. Further, the Board of Directors has determined that David P. Kelley II is financially sophisticated
as described in NASDAQ Listing Rule 5605(c)(2) and qualifies as an “audit committee financial expert” as defined in
Item 407(d)(5) of Regulation S-K. Director Recommendations We have not adopted procedures by which security holders may
recommend nominees to the Board of Directors. Code of Ethics We have adopted a Code of Ethics and Business Conduct that applies
to all directors, officers and employees of the Company, including our principal executive officer and our principal financial
and accounting officer. A copy of our Code of Ethics and Business Conduct has been posted to the “Corporate Governance”
section of our Internet website at http://www.netelement.com. We will provide a copy of our Code of Ethics and Business Conduct
to any person without charge, upon written request to the Company’s Chief Financial Officer, 3363 NE 163rd Street, Suite
705, North Miami Beach, FL 33160, fax number (305) 358-7876, e-mail address investors@netelement.com. Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance Section 16(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 requires
our directors and officers and persons who beneficially own more than ten percent of a registered class of our equity securities
to file with the Commission initial reports of ownership and reports of change in ownership of common stock and other equity securities
of the Company. Directors, officers and greater than ten percent stockholders are required by Commission regulations to furnish
us with copies of all Section 16(a) forms they file. To our knowledge, the following persons have failed to file on a timely basis
the identified reports required by Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act during the most recent fiscal year: Name and Relationship | Number of late reports | Transactions not timely reported | Known failures to file a required form
Mike Zoi, Director and 10% owner | 1 | 4 | 0
Oleg Firer, Chief Executive Officer & Director | 1 | 0 | 0
Steven Wolberg, Chief Legal Officer and Secretary | 1 | 0 | 0
Jonathan New, Chief Financial Officer | 1 | 4 | 0
Dmitry Kozko, former President & former Director | 1 | 1 | 0 50 Item 11. Executive Compensation. Summary Compensation Table The following table sets forth information for the fiscal years
ended December 31, 2013 and 2012 with respect to all compensation paid to or earned by our Chief Executive Officer and our two
most highly compensated executive officers other than our Chief Executive Officer who were serving as executive officers at the
end of the last completed fiscal year. We refer to these individuals as the “named executive officers.” Stock | Option | All Other
Name and Principal Position | Year | Salary ($) | Bonus ($) | Awards ($) | Awards ($) | Compensation ($) | Total ($)
Oleg Firer, Chief | 2013 | $ | 170,125 | $ | 212,500 | $ | - | $ | - | $ | 57,521 | $ | 440,146
Executive Officer of Net Element | 2012 | $ | - | $ | - | $ | - | $ | - | $ | - | $ | -
Timothy Greenfield, President | 2013 | $ | 218,333 | $ | 25,000 | $ | - | $ | - | $ | - | $ | 243,333
of Net Element | 2012 | $ | 20,000 | $ | - | $ | - | $ | - | $ | - | $ | 20,000
Dmitry Kozko, President | 2013 | $ | 180,901 | $ | - | $ | - | $ | - | $ | 14,148 | $ | 195,049
of Net Element | 2012 | $ | - | $ | - | $ | - | $ | - | $ | - | $ | -
Steven Wolberg, General Counsel and | 2013 | $ | 114,328 | $ | - | $ | - | $ | - | $ | 8,126 | $ | 122,454
Secretary of Net Element | 2012 | $ | - | $ | - | $ | - | $ | - | $ | - | $ | - The Company did not have any outstanding
equity awards as of December 31, 2013. All previously outstanding equity awards of Net Element were exercised or converted, as
applicable, immediately prior to the Company’s merger with Net Element. Director Compensation Effective as of November 26, 2012, the Board of Directors authorized
the Company to pay the audit committee chairman an annual retainer of $30,000, each other member of the audit committee an annual
retainer of $5,000, the chairman of any other committee an annual retainer of $15,000 and each other member of any other committee
an annual retainer of $2,500. For 2012, such retainers were pro-rated and paid only for the month of December. Going
forward, subject to obtaining stockholder approval at the next annual meeting of stockholders, the Board of Directors also authorized
the Company to grant each independent director 15,000 shares of common stock per year (pro-rated for any partial calendar year
for which a director serves), which shares will vest on a quarterly basis during the year of service. The Company also reimburses
each of its directors for all reasonable out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with their attendance at meetings of the
Board of Directors and any committees thereof, including, without limitation, travel, lodging and meal expenses. Other than
reimbursement of out-of-pocket expenses, a director who is an employee or officer does not receive compensation of any kind for
service as a director. 2013 Director Compensation Table The following table further summarizes the compensation paid
to the Company’s directors for service as a director during 2013: Non-equity | Non-qualified
incentive plan | deferred
Fees earned or | Option awards | compensation | compensation | All other
Director Name | paid in cash ($) | Stock awards ($) | ($) | ($) | earnings ($) | compensation ($) | Total ($)
Dmitry Kozko | $ | - | $ | - | $ | - | $ | - | $ | - | $ | - | $ | -
Kenges Rakishev | $ | 22,500 | $ | 75,000 | $ | - | $ | - | $ | - | $ | - | $ | 97,500
Mike Zoi | $ | - | $ | - | $ | - | $ | - | $ | - | $ | - | $ | -
David P. Kelley II | $ | 47,500 | $ | 75,000 | $ | - | $ | - | $ | - | $ | - | $ | 122,500
James Caan | $ | 5,000 | $ | 75,000 | $ | - | $ | - | $ | - | $ | - | $ | 80,000
Felix Vulis | $ | 5,000 | $ | 75,000 | $ | - | $ | - | $ | - | $ | - | $ | 80,000 51 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial
Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. The table below contains information regarding the beneficial
ownership of our common stock as of March 31, 2014 by (i) each person who is known to us to beneficially own more than 5% of our
common stock, (ii) each of our directors, (iii) each of our named executive officers and (iv) all of our directors and named executive
officers as a group. Except as otherwise noted below, each person or entity named in the following table has the sole voting and
investment power with respect to all shares of our common stock that he, she or it beneficially owns. Unless otherwise indicated,
the address of each beneficial owner listed below is c/o Net Element, Inc., 3363 NE 163 rd Street, Suite 705, North Miami
Beach FL 33160. Name and address of beneficial owner | Amount and nature of beneficial ownership (number of shares of common stock beneficially owned) (1) | Percent of class (1)
Mike Zoi | 15,424,895 | (2) | 47.8 | %
Kenges Rakishev 11 Ondasynov Street Almaty Kazakhstan 050051 | 7,654,085 | (3) | 23.72 | %
Francesco Piovanetti City View Plaza Two, Suite 6000 48 Carr 165 Guaynabo, Puerto Rico 00968 | 4,869,520 | (4) | 13.5 | %
Dmitry Kozko | 1,243,671 | (5) | 3.5 | %
Oleg Firer | 1,265,745 | (6) | 3.5 | %
Ivan Onuchin | 9,852 | *
Timothy Greenfield | 0 | *
Steven Wolberg | 562,555 | (7) | 1.6 | %
James Caan 2791 Hutton Drive Beverly Hills, CA 90210 | 155,461 | (8) | *
Felix Vulis 147 Lake Merced Hill So. San Francisco, CA 94132 | 52,917 | (9) | *
David P. Kelley II City View Plaza Two, Suite 6000 48 Carr 165 Guaynabo, Puerto Rico 00968 | 30,250 | (10) | *
All directors and executive officers as a group (9 persons) | 31,268,951 | 78.7 | % * Less than 1%. (1) | Applicable percentage ownership is based on 32,273,298 shares of common stock outstanding as of April 1, 2014, together with securities exercisable or convertible into shares of common stock within 60 days of March 24, 2014 for each stockholder. Beneficial ownership is determined in accordance with the rules of the Commission and generally includes voting or investment power with respect to securities. The shares issuable pursuant to the exercise or conversion of such securities are deemed outstanding for the purpose of computing the percentage of ownership of the security holder, but are not treated as outstanding for the purpose of computing the percentage of ownership of any other person. 52 (2) | All information regarding shares that may be beneficially owned by Mr. Zoi is based on information disclosed in Forms 3 and 4 filed by Mr. Zoi. Represents: (i) 144 shares of common stock held directly by Mr. Zoi; (ii) 4,446,875 shares of common stock held by Enerfund, LLC; (iii) 8,277,094 shares of common stock held by TGR Capital, LLC; (iv) 1,148,438 shares of common stock held by MZ Capital LLC (Delaware); and (v) 1,777,344 shares of common stock held by MTZ Fund, LLC. Mike Zoi shares with each of Enerfund, LLC, TGR Capital, LLC, MZ Capital LLC (Delaware) and MTZ Fund, LLC the power to vote or direct the vote, and to dispose or direct the disposition of, the respective shares of common stock beneficially owned by those entities; less 225,000 shares relating to transfers that are included in the foregoing, but which have not been completed. (3) | All information regarding shares that may be beneficially owned by Kenges Rakishev is based on information disclosed in a Schedule 13D filed jointly by Mr. Rakishev, Mark Global Corporation and Novatus Holding PTE. Ltd. with the Commission on June 7, 2013. Mr. Rakishev may be deemed to have beneficial ownership of 7,654,085 shares of common stock consisting of (i) 333,334 shares of common stock held directly by Mr. Rakishev, and (ii) 7,320,751 shares of Common Stock held directly by Novatus Holding PTE. Ltd. Mr. Rakishev is the sole shareholder of Novatus Holding PTE. Ltd. In such capacity, Mr. Rakishev exercises voting and investment power over the shares of common stock held by Novatus Holding PTE. Ltd. (4) | All information regarding shares that may be beneficially owned by Francesco Piovanetti is based on information disclosed in Forms 3 and 4 filed by Mr. Piovanetti with the Commission. Mr. Piovanetti may be deemed to have beneficial ownership of 4,869,520 shares of common stock consisting of: (i) 3,714,000 shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of warrants with an exercise price of $7.50 per share and an expiration date of October 2, 2017, which are held by Arco Group LLC; (ii) 1,150,000 shares of common stock held by Arco Group LLC; (iii) 4,600 shares of common stock held by Bond Street Management LLC; and (iv) 920 shares of common stock held by Arco International Group LLC, a Puerto Rico limited liability company. Mr. Piovanetti has a majority, controlling interest in Arco Group LLC and, consequently, Mr. Piovanetti has voting control, investment discretion and dispositive power over the shares held by Arco Group LLC. Mr. Piovanetti owns 25% of the outstanding equity interests in Bond Street Management LLC and he has voting control, investment discretion and dispositive power over the shares held by Bond Street Management LLC. (5) | All information regarding shares that may be beneficially owned by Mr. Dmitry Kozko is based on information disclosed in Forms 3 and 4 filed by Mr. Kozko with the Commission. Represents: (i) 517,108 shares of common stock held directly by Mr. Kozko; and (ii) 726,563 shares of common stock held by MZ Capital LLC (Florida). Dmitry Kozko shares with MZ Capital LLC (Florida) the power to vote or direct the vote, and to dispose or direct the disposition of, all of the shares of common stock beneficially owned by MZ Capital LLC (Florida). (6) | Mr. Firer has a right to receive 1,265,745 shares of common stock from the Company in connection with the acquisition of Unified Payments, but the shares have yet to be issued by the Company.
(7) | Mr. Steven Wolberg has a right to receive 562,555 shares of common stock from the Company, but the shares have yet to be issued by the Company.
(8) | Includes 16,500 shares of common stock that have been earned for serving as a director of the Company, but that yet to be issued by the Company.
(9) | Includes 16,500 shares of common stock that have been earned for serving as a director of the Company, but that yet to be issued by the Company.
(10) | Includes (a) 16,500 shares of common stock that have been earned for serving as a director of the Company, but that yet to be issued by the Company; and (b) 14,000 shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of warrants with an exercise price of $7.50 per share and an expiration date of October 2, 2017. Securities Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation
Plans The following table shows information with respect to each equity
compensation plan under which the Company’s common stock is authorized for issuance as of the fiscal year ended December
31, 2013. 53 EQUITY COMPENSATION PLAN INFORMATION Plan category | Number of securities to be issued upon exercise of outstanding options, warrants and rights (a) | Weighted average exercise price of outstanding options, warrants and rights (b) | Number of securities remaining available for future issuance under equity compensation plans (excluding securities reflected in column (a)) (c)
Equity compensation plans approved by security holders | -0- | -0- | 5,630,000 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions,
and Director Independence. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions Commencing on the effective date of our initial public
offering, October 14, 2010, through the date of our merger with Net Element, we paid Arco Capital Management LLC (of which
our former Chief Executive Officer and director, Francesco Piovanetti, serves as President) a total of $7,500 per month for
accounting, legal and operational support, access to support staff, and information technology infrastructure. On March 23, 2012, Cazador entered into an agreement with Cazador
Sub Holdings Ltd. (which is wholly owned by Arco Group LLC, a company in which Francesco Piovanetti has a majority, controlling
interest), pursuant to which Cazador Sub Holdings Ltd. committed to advance to Cazador, by way of a non-interest bearing loan,
an amount of up to $400,000 to cover ongoing costs and expenses relating to Cazador’s operations and in connection with a
potential business combination. As of October 2, 2012, the Sponsor had advanced $352,759 to Cazador and that amount was repaid
on October 3, 2012. On February 2, 2012, Net Element entered into a Subscription
Agreement with one of its directors, Felix Vulis, pursuant to which Mr. Vulis purchased from Net Element for $100,000: (i) 16,667
shares of Net Element common stock; (ii) a three-year warrant to purchase up to an additional 16,667 shares of Net Element common
stock with an exercise price of $10.00 per share; (iii) a three-year warrant to purchase up to an additional 16,667 shares of Net
Element common stock with an exercise price of $20.00 per share; and (iv) a three-year warrant to purchase up to an additional
16,666 shares of Net Element common stock with an exercise price of $40.00 per share. These warrants were cancelled on October
2, 2012 pursuant to the Merger Agreement with Net Element. On February 23, 2012, Net Element entered into a Subscription
Agreement pursuant to which it sold 333,333 newly issued shares of Net Element common stock to Kenges Rakishev for an aggregate
purchase price of $2,000,000, or $6.00 per share. On February 24, 2012, Net Element entered into a Shareholder
Rights Agreement with Mark Global Corporation, Kenges Rakishev, Mike Zoi, TGR Capital, LLC, MZ Capital, LLC (Delaware), MZ Capital,
LLC (Florida) and Enerfund. The companies TGR Capital, LLC, MZ Capital, LLC (Delaware), MZ Capital, LLC (Florida) and Enerfund
are directly or indirectly owned and controlled by Mike Zoi. Pursuant to the Shareholder Rights Agreement, the parties agreed to
certain corporate governance matters pertaining to Net Element and Net Element granted registration rights to each of Mark Global
Corporation, Kenges Rakishev, TGR Capital, LLC, Mike Zoi and certain of their assignees. The parties terminated the Shareholder
Rights Agreement effective as of October 2, 2012. 54 On May 14, 2012, Net Element entered into a $500,000 principal
amount Promissory Note and Loan Agreement with Enerfund maturing November 1, 2012. The interest rate was 5% per annum. The Company
repaid this note with accrued interest of approximately $10,000 on October 3, 2012. On June 26, 2012, Net Element’s subsidiary OOO Net Element
Russia entered into a Loan Agreement with Green Venture Group, LLC, pursuant to which Net Element Russia was loaned 150 million
Russian rubles (approximately $4.9 million in U.S. dollars). The loan was intended to be used by Net Element Russia for working
capital and the development of the business of TOT Money. The interest rate under the Loan Agreement was 8.15% per annum and outstanding
principal and interest was due on or before November 1, 2012. Green Venture Group, LLC is owned and controlled by Mike Zoi. The
funding under this loan agreement was received July 20, 2012. On October 2, 2012, the loan with Green Venture Group, LLC was assigned
to the Company and simultaneously repaid in full with the exception of $301,966 balance at December 31, 2012 reflected in the due
to related parties in the accompanying balance sheet. On July 4, 2012, OOO Net Element Russia entered into a Loan
Agreement with OOO Sat-Moscow, pursuant to which Net Element Russia was loaned 150 million Russian rubles (approximately $4.9 million
in U.S. dollars). The loan was intended to be used by Net Element Russia for working capital and the development of the business
of TOT Money. The interest rate under the Loan Agreement was 8.15% per annum and outstanding principal and interest was due on
or before November 1, 2012. Sat-Moscow is indirectly controlled by Kenges Rakishev, Chairman of the Board of Directors of the Company.
On October 2, 2012, the loan with Sat-Moscow was assigned to the Company and simultaneously repaid in full. On August 17, 2012, TOT Money entered into a Credit Agreement
with Alfa-Bank. Pursuant to the Credit Agreement, Alfa-Bank agreed to provide a line of credit to TOT Money with the credit line
limit set at 300 million Russian rubles (approximately $9.8 million in U.S. dollars). The interest rate on the initial amount borrowed
under the Credit Agreement is 3.55% per annum. Alfa-Bank has the unilateral right to change the interest rate on amounts borrowed
under the Credit Agreement from time to time in the event of changes in certain market rates or in Alfa-Bank’s reasonable
discretion, provided that the interest rate may not exceed 14% per annum. Interest must be repaid on a monthly basis on the 25th
of each month. Amounts borrowed under the Credit Agreement must be repaid within six months of the date borrowed. The duration
of the line of credit is set from August 17, 2012 through May 20, 2014. TOT Money’s obligations under the Credit Agreement
are secured by a pledge of TOT Money’s deposits in its deposit account with Alfa-Bank and by a guarantee given by AO SAT
& Company. AO SAT & Company is an affiliate of Kenges Rakishev. As of December 31, 2012, the Company had restricted cash
pursuant the Credit Agreement of $1.8 million. The Company paid off this credit facility on February 14, 2013 in order to eliminate
interest expense under the credit line and free up the restricted cash. On September 28, 2012, Net Element’s subsidiary OOO TOT
Money entered into a factoring agreement with Alfa-Bank. Pursuant to the agreement, TOT Money agreed to assign to Alfa-Bank its
accounts receivable as security for financing in an aggregate amount of up to 300 million Russian rubles (approximately $9.8 million
in U.S. dollars) provided by Alfa-Bank to TOT Money. On January 14, 2013, the agreement was amended to increase the maximum aggregate
amount of financing available under the factoring agreement by 100 million Russian rubles (approximately $3.3 million in U.S. dollars)
to 400 million Russian rubles (approximately $13.1 million in U.S. dollars). The term of the agreement is from September 28, 2012
until December 5, 2013. Alfa-Bank’s compensation pursuant to the agreement for providing services for the administrative
management of accounts receivable ranges from 10 Russian rubles to 100 Russian rubles per account receivable, depending upon whether
financing was provided related to the particular account receivable and the form of the documentation related to the particular
account receivable. Alfa-Bank’s compensation pursuant to the agreement for providing financing to TOT Money is calculated
as a financing rate that ranges from 9.70% to 11.95% of the amounts borrowed, depending upon the amount borrowed and the number
of days in the period from the date financing is provided until the date the applicable account receivable is paid; however, Alfa-Bank
has the unilateral right to change such financing rates in the event of changes in certain market rates or in Alfa-Bank’s
reasonable discretion. TOT Money’s obligations under the Agreement also are secured by a guarantee given by AO SAT &
Company. AO SAT & Company is an affiliate of Kenges Rakishev. 55 On October 2, 2012, the Company closed its Merger with Net Element.
Certain of Net Element’s and Cazador’s executive officers and directors had financial interests in the Merger that
are different from, or in addition to, the interests of Cazador’s shareholders and Net Element’s shareholders, other
than the insider shareholders. In the case of Net Element, immediately prior to the effectiveness of the Merger, the principal
amounts of all outstanding convertible debt of Net Element owned by Enerfund (which is owned and controlled by Mike Zoi and totals
$3.6 million) was converted into 32,727,274 shares of Net Element common stock, and subsequently converted into 818,182 shares
of the Company’s common stock in the Merger and, immediately following the closing, the Company paid to Enerfund an amount,
in cash, representing payment in full of all non-convertible notes and payables of Net Element owed to Mike Zoi or any of his affiliates
which were then outstanding (which totaled approximately $7.9 million (including accrued interest). Following consummation of the Merger, Francesco Piovanetti and
David P. Kelley II beneficially own 3,609,631 and 14,000 warrants, respectively, to purchase an aggregate of 3,623,631 shares of
the Company’s common stock (the “Director’s Warrants”). In the case of Mr. Piovanetti, his warrants are
held by Arco Group LLC. The Director’s Warrants are identical to the other outstanding warrants to purchase the Company’s
common stock, except that the Director’s Warrants (i) are non-redeemable, so long as they are held by either Messrs. Piovanetti
or Kelley or their permitted transferees; (ii) are exercisable on a cashless basis at the election of the holder, so long as they
are held by either Messrs. Piovanetti or Kelley, or their permitted transferees, rather than at the Company’s sole discretion;
and (iii) are not transferable or saleable by the either Messrs. Piovanetti or Kelley (except to permitted transferees) until six
months after the closing of the merger. The Director’s Warrants are not exercisable and are held in an escrow account maintained
by Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company, acting as escrow agent, while they are subject to the foregoing transfer restrictions. On October 24, 2012, we entered into a Management
and Consulting Services Agreement with Bond Street Management LLC, pursuant to which Bond Street Management provides
certain management and consulting services, as well as other services, to the Company and its subsidiaries, in particular,
Net Element Russia, TOT Money, Music1 Russia and Motorsport, LLC. Francesco Piovanetti is Chief Executive Officer and
President of Bond Street Management LLC, and a trust of which Mr. Piovanetti is a beneficiary owns a 25% ownership interest
in Bond Street Management LLC. Mr. Piovanetti provided services as Chief Executive Officer of the Company pursuant to this
Consulting Agreement. Subject to each party’s respective rights to terminate the Consulting Agreement earlier, the
initial term of the Consulting Agreement was until December 31, 2013 and it provided for automatic renewal for a one-year
term on each anniversary of that date. For the services provided under the Consulting Agreement (including Mr.
Piovanetti’s compensation as Chief Executive Officer of the Company), the Company paid Bond Street Management a service
fee of $50,000 per month and reimburses Bond Street Management for all of its documented business expenses incurred directly
on behalf of the Company. Bond Street Management was also eligible for a discretionary performance based fee, which was to be
payable in cash or non-cash equitable compensation at the sole discretion of the independent directors of the Company or by
the Company if its chief executive officer is not an employee, officer or affiliate of Bond Street Management. In addition,
the Company bore all costs and expenses that are directly attributable to the salaries, bonuses and fringe benefits payable
to accounting and operations employees of Bond Street Management to the extent of the accounting, operating and other
administrative services provided by Bond Street Management on behalf of the Company. The Company terminated this Consulting
Agreement. From January 2013 to June 2013, Enerfund, LLC, which is wholly-owned
by our director and majority stockholder, Mike Zoi, used part of the former corporate headquarters office space in Miami, Florida,
and paid a pro-rata amount of the rent in an amount equal to approximately $8,500 per month (or $102,000 per year). 56 On September 25, 2013, the Company entered into a contribution
agreement with T1T Lab and T1T Group, LLC, pursuant to which, on September 25, 2013, the Company contributed to T1T Lab all of
its membership and participation interests in its subsidiaries Openfilm, LLC, Motorsport, LLC, Splinex, LLC, LegalGuru, LLC and
MUSIC 1 LLC (aka OOO Music1) (collectively, the "Disposed Subsidiaries"). The Disposed Subsidiaries constitute all of
the Company's interests in online media businesses and operations (referred to herein collectively as the Company's "entertainment
assets"). Pursuant to the contribution agreement, the Company agreed to make an initial capital contribution to T1T Lab in
the amount of $1,259,000, payable in full or in installments when requested by T1T Lab but in no event later than within the 12-month
period after September 25, 2013 (unless such period is mutually extended in writing by the Company and T1T Group, LLC). Subject
to T1T Lab's prior written approval, a portion of the Company’s initial capital contribution could have been made in the
form of future services provided by the Company, with the value of such services to be agreed upon in writing between the Company
and T1T Group, LLC prior to providing such services. The amount of the Company’s initial capital contribution is a negotiated
amount required for T1T Lab to acquire the Disposed Subsidiaries. In exchange for such contributions, the Company was issued a
10% membership interest in T1T Lab and T1T Lab assumed $2,162,158 in liabilities (including $2,000,000 owed by the Company to K
1 Holding Limited pursuant to a promissory note dated May 13, 2013) related to the Disposed Subsidiaries. In addition, all intercompany
loans payable by the Disposed Subsidiaries to the Company, on the one hand, and by the Company to the Disposed Subsidiaries, on
the other hand, were forgiven by the Company and by T1T Lab (as applicable). Total intercompany loans forgiven by the Company (net
of the total intercompany loans forgiven by the Disposed Subsidiaries) was approximately $9,864,602. Such intercompany loans forgiveness
did not have an impact of the profit and loss of the Company. Further, pursuant to the contribution agreement, T1T Group, LLC agreed
to contribute to T1T Lab from time to time when requested by T1T Lab such services and/or cash as determined by T1T Group, LLC
in its sole and absolute discretion in order to manage and operate the Disposed Subsidiaries and their respective businesses. In
exchange for such contributions, T1T Group, LLC was issued a 90% membership interest in T1T Lab. From September 25, 2013 to until
February 11, 2014, the Company indirectly owned a minority interest in the Disposed Subsidiaries through its 10% membership interest
in T1T Lab, LLC. On February 11, 2014, the Company executed an Assignment of Membership Interest in favor of T1T Group, LLC. Pursuant
to such assignment, the Company transferred to T1T Group, LLC all of the Company’s Interests in T1T Lab in consideration
for the Company being released from all of its obligations to T1T Lab (including the obligations to make capital contributions
to T1T Lab. Upon such assignment, the Company has no further interests or obligations to T1T Lab, and T1T Group, LLC now owns a
100% membership interest in T1T Lab. As a result of the Company's contribution of the Disposed Subsidiaries, the Company now has
only one reportable business segment, consisting of mobile commerce and payment processing. The Company disposed of its entertainment
assets in order to focus its business operations on mobile payments, transactional services and related technologies and to reduce
the significant expenses associated with developing and maintaining the entertainment assets. T1T Group, LLC is wholly-owned by
Enerfund, LLC (which is wholly-owned by Mike Zoi, a director and majority stockholder of the Company). Director Independence The Board of Directors currently includes four nonemployee,
independent members – David P. Kelley II, Kenges Rakishev, Felix Vulis and James Caan. Each of Messrs. Kelley, Rakishev,
Vulis and Caan is an “independent director” as defined under NASDAQ Listing Rule 5605(a)(2). A majority of our Board
members are independent directors, as four out of the six members of the Board qualify as independent under the NASDAQ listing
standards and the rules of the Commission. No director is considered independent unless the Board affirmatively determines that
the director has no material relationship with the Company (directly, or as a partner, stockholder or officer of an organization
that has a relationship with the Company) that would interfere with the exercise of independent judgment in carrying out the responsibilities
of a director. Also, all members of the Board’s audit, compensation and nominating committees are independent directors. Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services. Audit Fees . The aggregate fees, including expenses,
billed by our principal accountant for the audit of our annual financial statements and review of financial statements included
in our quarterly reports on Form 10-Q and other services that are normally provided in connection with statutory and regulatory
filings or engagements during the fiscal years ended December 31, 2013 and 2012 were $628,000 and $551,000, respectively. Audit-Related Fees . The aggregate fees, including
expenses, billed by our principal accountant for assurance and related services that are reasonably related to the performance
of the audit or review of our financial statements not reported under “Audit Fees” above during the fiscal years ended
December 31, 2013 and 2012 were $0 and $85,100, respectively. Tax Fees . The aggregate fees, including expenses,
billed by our principal accountant for services rendered for tax compliance, tax advice and tax planning during the fiscal years
ended December 31, 2013 and 2012 were $0. All Other Fees . The aggregate fees, including expenses,
billed for all other products and services provided by our principal accountant during the fiscal years ended December 31, 2013
and 2012 were $0. 57 Audit Committee Pre-Approval Policy Our audit committee is responsible for approving in advance
the engagement of our independent accountant for all audit services and non-audit services, based on independence, qualifications
and, if applicable, performance, and approving the fees and other terms of any such engagement. The audit committee may in the
future establish pre-approval policies and procedures pursuant to which our independent accountant may provide certain audit and
non-audit services to us without first obtaining the audit committee’s approval, provided that such policies and procedures
(i) are detailed as to particular services, (ii) do not involve delegation to management of the audit committee’s responsibilities
described in this paragraph and (iii) provide that, at its next scheduled meeting, the audit committee is informed as to each such
service for which the independent accountant is engaged pursuant to such policies and procedures. In addition, the audit committee
may in the future delegate to one or more members of the audit committee the authority to grant pre-approvals for such services,
provided that the decisions of such member(s) to grant any such pre-approval must be presented to the audit committee at its next
scheduled meeting. All audit and audit related services performed by our principal
accountants during the fiscal years ended December 31, 2013 and 2012 were pre-approved by our Board of Directors or audit committee. PART IV Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules. Documents filed as part of this Report. 1. | The following consolidated financial statements of Net Element, Inc. and subsidiaries and notes thereto and the reports of the independent registered public accounting firms thereon are set forth on pages F-2 through F-39and are filed as part of this Report: Reports of Independent Registered
Public Accounting Firms Audited Consolidated Balance Sheets as
of December 31, 2013 and 2012 Audited Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive
Loss for the years ended December 31, 2013 and 2012 Audited Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders’
Equity (Deficit) for the years ended December 31, 2013 and 2012 Audited Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the
years ended December 31, 2013 and 2012 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 2. | Exhibits. A list of the exhibits filed as a part of this Report
is set forth on the Exhibit Index that follows page F-40 of this Report and is incorporated herein by reference. 58 SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly
authorized. Net Element, Inc.
April 15, 2014 | By: | /s/ Oleg Firer
Oleg Firer
Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act
of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the
dates indicated. April 15, 2014 | By: | /s/ Oleg Firer
Oleg Firer
Chief Executive Officer and Director (Principal Executive Officer)
April 15, 2014 | By: | /s/ Jonathan New
Jonathan New
Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer)
April 15, 2014 | By: | /s/ Kenges Rakishev
Kenges Rakishev
Director
April 15, 2014 | By: | /s/ Mike Zoi
Mike Zoi
Director
April 15, 2014 | By: | /s/ David P. Kelley II
David P. Kelley II
Director
April 15, 2014 | By: | /s/ James Caan
James Caan
Director
April 15, 2014 | By: | /s/ Felix Vulis
Felix Vulis
Director 59 NET ELEMENT INTERNATIONAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Page
Reports of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firms | F-2
Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2013 and 2012 | F-3
Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Loss for the Years Ended December 31, 2013 and 2012 | F-4
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Stockholders’ Equity (Deficit) for the Years Ended December 31, 2013 and 2012 | F-5
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended December 31, 2013 and 2012 | F-6
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements | F-7 Report of Independent Registered Public
Accounting Firm Board of Directors and Stockholders Net Element, Inc. Miami, Florida We have audited the accompanying consolidated
balance sheets of Net Element, Inc. (formerly known as Net Element International, Inc.) as of December 31, 2013 and 2012 and the
related consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss, changes in stockholders’ equity (deficit), and cash
flows for the years then ended. These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company’s management. Our responsibility
is to express an opinion on these financial statements based on our audits. We conducted our audits in accordance with
the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform
the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement. The Company
is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. Our audit included
consideration of internal control over financial reporting as a basis for designing audit procedures that are appropriate in the
circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company’s internal control over
financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. An audit also includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting
the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements, assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made
by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a
reasonable basis for our opinion. In our opinion, the consolidated financial
statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of Net Element, Inc. (formerly known
as Net Element International, Inc.) at December 31, 2013 and 2012 and the results of its operations and its cash flows the years
then ended , in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. As discussed in Note 5, the Company completed
a divestiture of certain entities on September 25, 2013 and has restated the 2012 financial statements to reflect the financial
statement balances of these entities as discontinued operations. The accompanying consolidated financial
statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As described in Note 3 to the consolidated
financial statements, the Company has suffered recurring losses from operations and has used substantial amounts of cash to fund
its operating activities that raise substantial doubt about its ability to continue as a going concern. Management’s plans
in regard to these matters are also described in Note 3. The consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments that
might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. Our opinion is not modified with respect to this matter. Miami, Florida | /s/ BDO USA, LLP
April 15, 2014 | Certified Public Accountants F- 2 NET ELEMENT, INC. CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS December 31, 2013 | December 31, 2012 (As Restated)
ASSETS
Current assets:
Cash | $ | 126,319 | $ | 3,546,787
Restricted cash | - | 2,056,821
Notes receivable, net | - | 6,088,934
Accounts receivable | 10,619,289 | 10,855,175
Advances to aggregators, net | 1,109,538 | 4,777,033
Assets of discontinued operations | - | 192,460
Prepaid expenses and other assets | 834,025 | 487,995
Total current assets | 12,689,171 | 28,005,205
Property and equipment, net | 137,267 | 261,759
Intangible assets, net | 2,964,424 | 111,670
Goodwill | 6,671,750 | -
Investment in affiliate | 46,113 | -
Total assets | $ | 22,508,725 | $ | 28,378,634
LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' (DEFICIT) EQUITY
Current liabilities:
Accounts payable | $ | 3,190,215 | $ | 498,424
Deferred revenue | 239,398 | -
Accrued expenses | 3,484,963 | 910,022
Short term loans | 8,478,810 | 9,400,164
Notes payable (current portion) | 3,816,093 | -
Liabilities of discontinued operations | - | 223,112
Due to related parties (current portion) | 1,451,357 | 202,682
Total current liabilities | 20,660,836 | 11,234,404
Due to related parties (non-current portion) | - | 135,693
Notes payable (non-current portion) | 17,255,531 | -
Total liabilities | 37,916,367 | 11,370,097
STOCKHOLDERS' (DEFICIT) EQUITY
Preferred stock ($.01 par value, 1,000,000 shares authorized and no shares issued and outstanding) | - | -
Common stock ($.0001 par value, 100,000,000 shares authorized and 32,273,298 and 28,303,659 shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2013 and December 31, 2012, respectively) | 3,229 | 2,830
Paid in capital | 103,486,144 | 87,452,060
Stock subscription | 329,406 | -
Accumulated other comprehensive (loss) income | (170,550 | ) | 278,565
Accumulated deficit | (118,930,828 | ) | (70,621,481 | )
Noncontrolling interest | (125,043 | ) | (103,437 | )
Total stockholders' (deficit) equity | (15,407,642 | ) | 17,008,537
Total liabilities and stockholders' (deficit) equity | $ | 22,508,725 | $ | 28,378,634 See accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements F- 3 NET ELEMENT,
INC. CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS AND
COMPREHENSIVE LOSS Year ended December 31,
2013 | 2012 (As Restated)
Net revenues | $ | 18,749,470 | $ | 1,384,852
Costs and expenses:
Cost of revenues | 13,374,669 | 832,909
General and administrative (includes $16,549,820 and $6,240,196 of non cash compensation for the year ended December 31, 2013 and 2012, respectively) | 28,166,387 | 12,088,602
Provision for loan losses | 7,640,008 | 1,638,032
Goodwill impairment charge | 11,200,000 | -
Intangible assets impairment charge | 872,354 | -
Depreciation and amortization | 2,242,504 | 266,006
Total costs and operating expenses | 63,495,922 | 14,825,549
Loss from operations | (44,746,452 | ) | (13,440,697 | )
Interest (expense) income, net | (2,979,102 | ) | 370,568
Other expense | (160,182 | ) | 2,346
Loss from continuing operations before income tax provision | (47,885,736 | ) | (13,067,783 | )
Income tax provision | (213,284 | ) | (155,683 | )
Loss from continuing operations | (48,099,020 | ) | (13,223,466 | )
Net loss attributable to the noncontrolling interest | 1,129,319 | 133,360
Discontinued operations:
Loss from operations of discontinued entitites | (1,018,003 | ) | (3,299,825 | )
Loss on disposition of assets pertaining to discontinued operations | (321,643 | ) | -
Total discontinued operations | (1,339,646 | ) | (3,299,825 | )
Net loss | (48,309,347 | ) | (16,389,931 | )
Foreign currency translation (loss) gain | (449,115 | ) | 276,457
Comprehensive loss | $ | (48,758,462 | ) | $ | (16,113,474 | )
Loss per share - basic and diluted continuing operations | $ | (1.65 | ) | $ | (0.62 | )
Loss per share - basic and diluted discontinued operations | (0.05 | ) | (0.15 | )
Total loss per share | $ | (1.70 | ) | $ | (0.77 | )
Weighted average number of common shares outstanding - basic and diluted | 28,470,169 | 21,360,837 See accompanying notes to the consolidated
financial statements F- 4 NET ELEMENT, INC. CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS’ EQUITY (DEFICIT) Accumulated
Common Stock | Treasury | Additional | Deferred | Stock | Other Comprehensive | Noncontrolling | Accumulated | Total Stockholder's
Shares | Amount | Stock | Paid in Capital | Compensation | Subscription | Income | interest | Deficit | Equity (Deficit)
Balance December 31, 2011 | 18,558,528 | $ | 1,856 | $ | (2,641,640 | ) | $ | 49,198,688 | $ | (385,912 | ) | $ | - | $ | (124 | ) | $ | (122,459 | ) | $ | (51,274,033 | ) | $ | (5,223,624 | )
Non cash compensation | (24,955 | ) | (3 | ) | - | 5,854,287 | 385,912 | - | - | - | 6,240,196
Contributed capital from noncontrolling shareholders | - | - | - | - | - | - | 28,811 | - | 28,811
Options and warrants converted cashlessly | 4,318,674 | 432 | - | (432 | ) | - | - | - | - | -
Notes payable converted to common stock | 818,182 | 82 | - | 3,599,918 | - | - | - | - | 3,600,000
Cash paid for shares and warrants issued pursuant to subscription agreements | 683,333 | 68 | - | 4,099,932 | - | - | - | - | 4,100,000
Shares issued pursuant to purchase agreement | 154,167 | 15 | - | 386,339 | - | - | 129,701 | - | 516,055
Shares issued for advertising and promotion | 2,375 | - | - | 21,800 | - | - | - | - | 21,800
Retirement of treasury stock | - | - | 2,641,640 | (2,641,640 | ) | - | - | - | - | -
Shares acquired pursuant to Cazador merger | 3,793,355 | 380 | - | 26,933,168 | - | - | - | (2,552,492 | ) | 24,381,056
Foreign currency exchange | - | - | - | - | - | 276,457 | - | - | 276,457
Net loss | - | - | - | - | - | - | (542,283 | ) | (16,389,931 | ) | (16,932,214 | )
Balance December 31, 2012 | 28,303,659 | 2,830 | - | 87,452,060 | - | 276,333 | (506,230 | ) | (70,216,456 | ) | 17,008,537
Restatement due to divestiture of Internet entities | - | - | - | - | - | 2,232 | 402,793 | (405,025 | ) | -
Balance December 31, 2012 (Restated) (Note 5) | 28,303,659 | 2,830 | - | 87,452,060 | - | 278,565 | (103,437 | ) | (70,621,481 | ) | 17,008,537
Non cash compensation related to TOT Group stock exchange | 2,812,771 | 281 | - | 12,197,823 | - | - | 1,107,713 | - | 13,305,817
Non cash compensation- other | 1,265,109 | 129 | - | 3,243,874 | - | - | - | - | 3,244,003
Cash paid for repurchase of common shares | (175,953 | ) | (17 | ) | - | (482,400 | ) | - | - | - | - | (482,417 | )
Note Payable and other assumed by T1T Lab , net of Contributions payable | - | - | - | 685,449 | - | - | - | - | 685,449
Shares issued pursuant to purchase agreement | 67,712 | 6 | - | 389,338 | - | - | - | - | 389,344
Unissued shares pursuant to purchase agreement | - | - | - | - | - | 329,406 | - | - | 329,406
Foreign currency exchange | - | - | - | - | - | (449,115 | ) | - | - | (449,115 | )
Net loss | - | - | - | - | - | - | (1,129,319 | ) | (48,309,347 | ) | (49,438,666 | )
Balance December 31, 2013 | 32,273,298 | $ | 3,229 | $ | - | $ | 103,486,144 | $ | - | $ | 329,406 | $ | (170,550 | ) | $ | (125,043 | ) | $ | (118,930,828 | ) | $ | (15,407,642 | ) See accompanying notes to the consolidated
financial statements F- 5 NET ELEMENT, INC. CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS Year Ended December 31,
2013 | 2012 (As Restated)
Cash flows from operating activities:
Net loss | $ | (48,309,347 | ) | $ | (16,389,931 | )
Loss on disposition of assets pertaining to discontinued operations | 321,643 | -
Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities:
Non-cash compensation | 16,549,820 | 6,240,196
Non-cash interest expense | - | 150,000
Shares issued for advertising and promotion | - | 21,800
Depreciation and amortization | 2,242,504 | 266,006
Provision for loan losses | 7,640,008 | 1,638,032
Impairment of goodwill | 11,200,000 | -
Intangible assets impairment | 872,354 | -
Noncontrolling interest | (1,129,319 | ) | (133,360 | )
Changes in assets and liabilities, net of acquistions and the effect of consolidation of equity affiliates
Accounts receivable | (562,294 | ) | (9,662,532 | )
Advances to aggregators | (3,267,679 | ) | (5,327,033 | )
Prepaid expenses and other assets | 1,952,570 | (228,155 | )
Accounts payable | 2,268,233 | (617,800 | )
Accrued expenses | 429,556 | 388,001
Adjustments for operating activities of continuing operations | 38,195,753 | (7,264,845 | )
Adjustments for operating activities of discontinued operations | (1,018,003 | ) | (1,522,970 | )
Total adjustments | 37,177,750 | (8,787,815 | )
Net cash used in operating activities | (10,809,954 | ) | (25,177,746 | )
Cash flows from investing activities- net of acquisitions:
Advances from notes receivable | - | (12,581,592 | )
Collections from notes receivable | 4,920,510 | 5,601,183
Acquistion of intangible assets | (380,025 | ) | -
Acquisition of Aptito | (458,747 | ) | -
Investment in subsidiary | (46,113 | ) | -
Capitalized web development and patent costs and equity effects | - | (67,583 | )
Disposal (purchase) of fixed assets | 67,266 | (388,836 | )
Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities | 4,102,891 | (7,436,828 | )
Cash flows from financing activities- net of acquisitions:
(Repayment) borrowings from financial institutions | (272,103 | ) | 9,400,164
Proceeds from K1 Holdings note payable | 2,000,000 | -
Change in restricted cash | 1,978,527 | (2,056,821 | )
Cash paid for share repurchases | (482,417 | ) | -
Due to related parties | - | (1,262,429 | )
Cash received from Merger Cazador | - | 25,690,792
Contributed capital from noncontrolling shareholders | - | 28,811
Cash paid for shares and warrants issued purcuant to subscription agreements | - | 4,100,000
Repayments to related parties | (75,000 | ) | (75,000 | )
Net cash provided by financing activities | 3,149,007 | 35,825,517
Effect of exchange rate changes on cash | 137,588 | 276,457
Net (decrease) increase in cash | (3,420,468 | ) | 3,487,400
Cash at beginning of period | 3,546,787 | 59,387
Cash at end of period | $ | 126,319 | $ | 3,546,787
Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information
Cash paid during the period for:
Interest | $ | 1,635,360 | $ | 706,158
Taxes | $ | 196,425 | $ | 76,197
Non-cash investing and financing activities:
Supplemental disclosure of non-cash investing and
financial activities in connection with business acquisition:
Retirement of treasury stock | $ | - | 2,641,640
Notes payable converted to common stock | $ | - | 3,600,000
Issued and outstanding common stock (10% of TOT Group's common stock)- Unified | 609,000 | -
Assumed debt | 20,631,000 | -
Total value of consideration for Unified payments acquisition | 21,240,000 | -
Stock subscription in connection with acquisition of Aptito | 718,750 | -
Transfer of K1 Note Liability to T1T Lab, LLC in connection with
divesture of OOO Music1 | 2,000,000 | - See accompanying notes to the consolidated
financial statements F- 6 NET ELEMENT, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS DECEMBER 31, 2013 AND 2012 NOTE 1. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING
POLICIES Organization and Basis of Presentation Net Element International, Inc. (the “Company”)
was incorporated on April 20, 2010 as a Cayman Islands exempted company with limited liability under the name Cazador Acquisition
Corporation Ltd. (“Cazador”). Cazador was a blank check company incorporated for the purpose of effecting a merger,
share capital exchange, asset acquisition, share purchase, reorganization or similar business combination with one or more operating
businesses or assets. On December 15, 2013, the Company changed its name to Net Element, Inc. On October 2, 2012, the Company completed
a merger (the “Merger”) with Net Element, Inc., a Delaware corporation (“Net Element”), which was a company
with businesses in the online media and mobile commerce payment processing markets. Immediately prior to the effectiveness of the
Merger, the Company (then known as Cazador Acquisition Corporation Ltd.) changed its jurisdiction of incorporation by discontinuing
as an exempted company in the Cayman Islands and continuing and domesticating as a corporation incorporated under the laws of the
State of Delaware. Effective upon consummation of the Merger, (i) Net Element was merged with and into the Company, resulting in
Net Element ceasing to exist and the Company continuing as the surviving company in the Merger, and (ii) the Company changed its
name to Net Element International, Inc. Pursuant to the Merger, the Company issued 24,543,826 shares of its common stock to the
former stockholders of Net Element, which shares amount to approximately 86.7% of the post-Merger issued and outstanding shares
of common stock of the Company. Following the Merger, the Company’s business consists of the former business of Net Element.
For financial reporting purposes, the Merger was accounted for as a recapitalization of Net Element and the financial statements
reflect the historical financial information of Net Element. The assets and liabilities of the Company were recognized and measured
in accordance with ASC Topic 805, Business Combinations. Therefore, for accounting purposes, the shares recorded as issued in the
Merger are the 3,793,355 shares owned by Cazador shareholders prior to Merger. See Note 4 for additional information regarding
the Merger. The Company is a global technology-driven
Internet group that focuses on mobile commerce and payment processing for electronic commerce. On September 25, 2013, the Company
divested its entertainment and culture Internet destinations. The Company’s subsidiary TOT Group,
Inc. (“TOT Group”) is a multinational, mobile payments and transaction processing holding
company, which provides a range of flexible online and offline payment solutions. Clients include wireless carriers, content providers
and merchants. TOT Group delivers comprehensive, end-to-end payment solutions to enable merchants to reliably accept cashless transactions
at the point of sale (“POS”). From processing electronic payments at the POS to processing mobile commerce transactions
to managing merchant terminals and providing information management services, TOT Group through its proprietary technology offers
innovative solutions which allow its merchants to streamline their payments resources. Through TOT Group, the Company generates
revenues from transaction fees, service fees, percentage of the dollar amount of each transaction and other fees associated with
processing of cashless transactions at the points of sale. The Company serves merchants primarily in the retail, restaurant, supermarket,
petroleum and hospitality sectors. In addition, TOT Group (through its subsidiary OOO TOT Money (“TOT Money”)) operates
the Company’s provider of carrier-integrated mobile payments solutions. TOT Money’s relationships with mobile operators
give the Company substantial geographic coverage, a strong capacity for innovation in mobile payments and messaging, and the ability
to offer customers In-App, P-SMS and Online and Carrier Billing solutions. F- 7 During the third quarter of 2012, the Company’s
subsidiary, TOT Money, launched operations as a provider of carrier-integrated mobile payments solutions in Russia. Since then,
TOT Money has continued seeking to expand its carrier-integrated mobile payments business primarily in the Commonwealth of Independent
States (CIS) countries (comprised of participating states of the former Soviet Union) and other emerging markets. During the second
half of 2012, TOT Money entered into contracts with the three largest mobile phone operators in Russia, Mobile TeleSystems OJSC,
MegaFon OJSC and OJSC VimpelCom, to facilitate payments using SMS and MMS for their mobile phone subscribers in Russia. On April 16, 2013, certain subsidiaries
of TOT Group acquired substantially all of the business assets of Unified Payments, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (“Unified
Payments”). Unified Payments provides comprehensive turnkey, payment-processing solutions to small and medium size business
owners (merchants) and independent sales organizations across the United States. See Note 4 for additional information regarding
this acquisition. On June 24, 2013, TOT Group, through its
newly formed subsidiary Aptito, LLC (“Aptito”) acquired substantially all of the business assets of Aptito.com, Inc,
a New York corporation. Aptito is a new generation of smart, customer engaged, patent-pending payment platforms, mobile Point of
Sale (“mPOS”), mobile commerce application and self-ordering Apple® iPad®-based kiosk. Through its disruptive,
cloud-based payments platform Aptito offers merchants an innovative, socially driven, all-in-one digital software solution that
offers a complete package of features for the food-service industry. Aptito’s Restaurant mPOS solution provides restaurants
with tools to increase sales, productivity, and customer loyalty. Aptito’s suite of fully linked tools enables inventory
management, complete payroll, staff scheduling, patron reservations and digital menus. More capable and less costly than traditional
restaurant POS systems, Aptito’s system does not have the steep learning curve associated with typical POS products. The Company previously owned several popular content monetization
verticals (i.e., interests in online media businesses and operations) that were divested during the quarter ended September 30,
2013 (see Note 5 for additional information regarding this divestiture). As a result of this divestiture, the
Company has one reportable business segment consisting of payment processing and mobile payment solutions. Operations
of the divested businesses are presented as discontinued operations in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations and
comprehensive loss. Use of Estimates The preparation of financial statements
in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America requires management to make estimates
and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosures of contingent assets and liabilities
as of the balance sheet date and the reported amounts of expenses for the period presented. Actual results could differ from those
estimates. Significant estimates include (i) the
valuation of acquired merchant portfolios (ii) the recoverability of long-lived assets, (iii) the remaining useful lives
of long-lived assets, and (iv) the sufficiency of merchant, legal, and other reserves. On an ongoing basis, the Company evaluates
the sufficiency and accuracy of its estimates. Actual results could differ from those estimates. Cash and Cash Equivalents The Company maintains its U.S. dollar-denominated
cash in several non-interest bearing bank deposit accounts. All U.S. non-interest bearing transaction accounts are fully insured,
regardless of the balance in the account, at all FDIC insured institutions. The bank balances did not exceed FDIC limits at December
31, 2013 and 2012. The Company maintains $47,519
in un-insured Russian, Ukraine and Cayman Islands bank accounts as of December 31, 2013. Other Current Assets The Company maintains an inventory of terminals,
which it uses to service both merchants and independent sales agents. If the terminals are sold for a fee, the Company expenses
the cost of these terminals, plus any set up fees at the time of the sale. Many times, the Company will give away the terminals
as an incentive to stay with the company for an average of three year period. In this case the cost of the terminal plus any set
up fees will be amortized over three years, which is the average length of a merchant contract. If the merchants leave before the
end of their contract, they are obligated to either return the terminal or pay for the terminal. The Company has $446,658 in terminals
and IPADS and related equipment acquired, of which $170,378 has been placed with merchants. Amortization of these terminals amounted
to $13,093 for the year ended December 31, 2013. F- 8 Fixed Assets The Company depreciates its furniture, servers, software and
equipment over a term of three to ten years. Computers and software are depreciated over terms between two and five years. Leasehold
improvements are depreciated over the shorter of the economic life or term of each lease. All of our assets are depreciated
on a straight-line basis for financial statement purposes. Expenditures for repairs and maintenance are charged to operating
expense as incurred. Expenditures that increase the value or productive capacity of assets are capitalized. At the time of retirements,
sales, or other dispositions of property and equipment, the original cost and related accumulated depreciation are removed from
the respective accounts, and the gains or losses are presented as other expenses. Intangible Assets Included
in the Company’s intangible assets are merchant portfolios, which represent the net book value of an acquired merchant customer
base, and are amortized on a straight-line basis over their respective useful lives, generally three to five years. Merchant portfolios
are assessed for impairment if events or circumstances indicate that their respective carrying values are not recoverable from
the future anticipated undiscounted net cash flows attributable to such assets. In such cases, the amount of any potential impairment
would be measured as the excess, if any, of carrying value over the fair value of such assets. On July 30, 2013, TOT Payments,
LLC, brought an action against First Data Corporation (“FDR”). In its complaint, TOT Payments claims that the defendant breached its obligations pursuant to a 2006 Marketing Agreement. Because the FDR case was dismissed, management has decided that the possibility of recovering fees was remote and therefore wrote
off the remaining net asset value of the FDR Portfolio, for an impairment charge of $872,354 during the year ended December 31,
2013. The Company also capitalizes direct expenses associated with
filing of patents and patent applications and amortizes the capitalized intellectual property costs over five years beginning when
the patent is approved. Additionally, the Company capitalizes the fair value of intangible
assets acquired in business combinations. The Company performs valuations of assets acquired and liabilities assumed on each acquisition
accounted for as a business combination and allocates the purchase price of each acquired business to its respective net tangible
and intangible assets. Acquired intangible assets include: merchant portfolios, trade names, non-compete agreements, customer relationships
and technology. Accrued Residual Commissions The Company pays commissions to independent
sales organization (“ISO’s”) and independent sales agents or to the Company’s direct sales force based
on the processing volume of the merchants enrolled. The commission payments are based on varying percentages of the volume processed
by the Company on behalf of the merchants. Percentages vary based on the program type and transaction volume of each merchant.
The Company reports commission payments as a cost of revenues in the accompanying consolidated statement of operations and comprehensive
loss. As of December 31, 2013 the residual commission payable to ISO’s and independent sales agents was $451,374 and $0 at
December 31, 2012. The company pays commission on annual fees it defers over twelve months. The Company pays its agents these commissions,
which are included in the $451,374 in advance of recognizing the revenue. Therefore the Company deferred $115,700 of commissions
on annual fees, which are included in prepaid expenses in the accompanying consolidated balance sheet and will recognize the deferred
fees over the next twelve months. Commission payables are included in accounts payable in the accompanying consolidated balance
sheets. F- 9 Capitalized Customer Acquisition Costs,
Net Capitalized customer acquisition costs
consist of up-front cash payments made to certain ISO’s for the establishment of new merchant relationships. Capitalized
customer acquisition costs represent incremental, direct customer acquisition costs that are recoverable through gross margins
associated with merchant contracts. The up-front payment to the ISO is based on the estimated gross margin for the first year of
the merchant contract. The deferred customer acquisition cost asset is recorded at the time of payment and the capitalized acquisition
costs are primarily amortized on a straight-line basis over a period of three years. Management evaluates the capitalized customer
acquisition cost for impairment at each balance sheet date by comparing, on a pooled basis by vintage month of origination, the
expected future net undiscounted cash flows from underlying merchant relationships to the carrying amount of capitalized customer
acquisition costs. If the estimated future net cash flows are lower than the recorded carrying amount, indicating an impairment
of the carrying value of the capitalized customer acquisition costs, the impairment loss is charged to operations. During the year ended December 31, 2013,
the Company recorded $466,280 in additional capitalized customer acquisition costs and $85,769 in related additional amortization.
The balance of customer acquisition costs is $380,511 at December 31, 2013 and reflected in intangible assets in the accompanying
consolidated balance sheets. Processing Liabilities and ISO Deposits The majority of the Company’s processing
liabilities include potential losses associated with bankcard and check processing. In addition, the Company maintains deposits
from ISO’s to offset potential liabilities from merchant chargeback processing. Disputes between a cardholder and a merchant
periodically arise due to the cardholder’s dissatisfaction with merchandise quality or merchant’s services, and the
disputes may not always be resolved in the merchant’s favor. In some of the cases the transaction is “charged back”
to the merchant and the purchase price is refunded to the cardholder by the credit card-issuing institution. If the merchant is
unable to fund the refund, the Company is liable for the full amount of the transaction. The Company’s obligation to stand
ready to perform is minimal because the Company maintains a deposit from certain ISO’s as an offset to potential contingent
liabilities that are the responsibility of such merchants. The Company evaluates its ultimate risk and records an estimate of potential
loss for chargebacks related to merchant fraud based upon an assessment of actual historical fraud loss rates compared to recent
bankcard processing volume levels. The amount recorded as of December
31, 2013 for the processing liability was $107,669 and is included in long-term debt in the accompanying consolidated balance
sheets. There was no processing liability at December 31, 2012. Fair Value
Measurements The Company’s financial instruments
consist primarily of cash and cash equivalents, accounts receivables, merchant portfolios, notes receivable, trade payables and
debt instruments. The carrying values of cash and cash equivalents, accounts receivable and trade payables are considered to be
representative of their respective fair values due to the short-term nature of these instruments. The carrying amount of the long-term
debt of $21 million as of December 31, 2013 approximates fair value because the Company’s current borrowing rate does not
materially differ from market rates for similar bank borrowings. The long-term debt is classified as a Level 2 item within the
fair value hierarchy. The Company measures certain nonfinancial
assets and liabilities at fair value on a nonrecurring basis. Fair value is defined as the exchange price that would be received
for an asset or paid to transfer a liability (an exit price) in the principal or most advantageous market for the asset or liability
in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. The Company uses a three-level fair value hierarchy
to prioritize the inputs used to measure fair value and maximizes the use of observable inputs and minimizes the use of unobservable
inputs. The three levels of inputs used to measure fair value are as follows: Level 1 — Quoted market prices in
active markets for identical assets or liabilities as of the reporting date Level 2 — Observable market based
inputs or unobservable inputs that are corroborated by market data Level 3 — Unobservable inputs that
are not corroborated by market data F- 10 These non-financial assets and liabilities
include intangible assets and liabilities acquired in a business combination as well as impairment calculations, when necessary.
The fair value of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed in connection with the Unified Payments acquisition, as discussed
in Note 4, were measured at fair value by the Company at the acquisition date. The fair values of the Company’s merchant
portfolios are primarily based on Level 3 inputs and are generally estimated based upon independent appraisals that include discounted
cash flow analyses based on the Company’s most recent cash flow projections, and, for years beyond the projection period,
estimates based on assumed growth rates. Assumptions are also made regarding appropriate discount rates, perpetual growth rates,
and capital expenditures, among others. In certain circumstances, the discounted cash flow analyses are corroborated by a market-based
approach that utilizes comparable company public trading values, and, where available, values observed in private market transactions.
The inputs used by management for the fair value measurements include significant unobservable inputs, and therefore, the fair
value measurements employed are classified as Level 3. The goodwill impairment (see Note 4) was primarily based on observable inputs
using company specific information and is classified as Level 3. Concentrations The Company’s total revenue was $18,749,470
for the year ended December 31, 2013. Of this, $14,798,488 was derived from processing of Visa®, MasterCard®, Discover®
and American Express® card transactions and $3,948,087 was derived from processing of mobile electronic payments. The credit card processing revenues were
derived from merchant customer transactions, which are processed primarily by three “third-party” processors. For the
year ended December 31, 2013, the Company processed 25% of its total revenue with Cynergy Data, 32% with National Processing Company
(NPC) and 19% with First Data. The mobile electronic payment revenues were derived from merchant
customer transactions, which are processed primarily by two mobile operators. For the year ended December 31, 2013, the Company
processed 9% of its total revenue with Beeline (OJSC Vimpelcom), and 8% with MTS (Mobile TeleSystems OJSC). Foreign Currency Transactions The Company is subject to exchange rate
risk in its foreign operations in Ukraine, the functional currency of which is Ukraine Hryvnia, and Russia, the functional currency
of which is Russian Ruble, where the Company generates service fee revenues and interest income and incurs product development,
engineering, website development, and general and administrative costs and expenses. The Ukrainian and Russian engineering operations
pay a majority of their operating expenses in their local currencies, exposing the Company to exchange rate risk. Ukrainian salaries
and consulting fees are negotiated and paid in U.S. dollars. The Company does not engage in any currency
hedging activities. Revenue Recognition The Company recognizes revenue when the
following four basic criteria have been met: (1) persuasive evidence of a sales arrangement exists; (2) performance of services
has occurred, (3) the sales price is fixed or determinable, and (4) collectability is reasonably assured. The Company considers
persuasive evidence of a sales arrangement to be the receipt of a billable transaction from aggregators, signed contract or website
advertising insertion order. Collectability is assessed based on a number of factors, including transaction history with the customer
and the credit worthiness of the customer. If it is determined that the collection is not reasonably assured, revenue is not recognized
until collection becomes reasonably assured, which is generally upon receipt of cash. The Company records cash received in advance
of revenue recognition as deferred revenue. Our revenues for the year ended December
31, 2013 and 2012 are principally derived from the following sources: Service Fees. Service
fees in the current year are generated primarily from TOT Payments, LLC, TOT Money’s payment processing and service fees
from prior year are primarily from A&R Music Live, LLC where emerging artists pay industry professionals to review, critique
and suggest improvements of music submitted on-line for evaluation. A&R Music Live, LLC operations were discontinued on January
31, 2013. F- 11 The Company has multiple element
arrangements that include bundled transactions with merchants encompassing annual PCI (payment card industry) fees, annual membership
fees, and monthly processing fees. The Company adopted accounting
standard update No 2009-13, “Multiple–Deliverable Revenue Arrangements” (ASU 2009-13). ASU 2009-13 requires the
use of the relative selling price method of allocating total consideration to units of accounting in a multiple element arrangement
and eliminates the residual method. This accounting principle requires an entity to allocate revenue in an arrangement using estimated
selling price deliverables if it does not have vendor specific objective evidence (VSOE) or third party evidence (TPE) of selling
price. VSOE is the price charged when
the same or similar product or service is sold separately. The Company defines VSOE as a median price of recent stand-alone transactions
that are priced within a narrow range. TPE is determined based on the prices charged by our competitors for a similar deliverable
when sold separately. The Company evaluates each deliverable
in its arrangements to determine whether it represents a separate unit of accounting. A deliverable constitutes a separate unit
of accounting when it has stand-alone value to our customers. The Company’s products (i.e., terminals) and services qualify
as separate units of accounting under ASU 2009-13. The Company’s payment processing
division derives revenues primarily from the electronic processing of services including credit, debit and electronic benefits
transfer card processing authorized and captured through third party networks, check conversion and guarantee, electronic gift
certificate processing, and equipment leasing and sales. These revenues are recorded as bankcard and other processing transactions
when processed. Typically, fees charged to merchants
for these processing services are based on a variable percentage of the dollar amount of each transaction and in some instances,
additional fees are charged for each transaction. Merchant customers may also be charged miscellaneous fees, including statement
fees, annual fees, monthly minimum fees, fees for handling chargebacks, gateway fees, and fees for other miscellaneous services. The fair value for annual fees
is based on the annual contract renewal price and is deemed to represent stand-alone selling price based upon VSOE. The fair value
for processing is based on prices charged by our competitors for similar deliverables when sold separately and is deemed to represent
stand-alone selling price based upon TPE. Deferred revenue represents primarily
amounts received in advance for annual fee billings and are recognized on a pro rata basis over the service period. Generally, the Company (i) is
the primary obligor in its arrangements with its merchant customers, (ii) has latitude in establishing the price of its services,
(iii) has the ability to change the product and perform parts of the services, (iv) has discretion in supplier selection,
(v) has latitude in determining the product and service specifications to meet the needs of its merchant customers, and (vi) assumes
credit risk. In such cases, the Company reports revenues as gross of fees deducted by its sponsoring member banks, as well as fees
deducted from card-issuing member banks and card associations (Visa/MasterCard) on behalf of its sponsoring member banks for interchange
and assessments. These fees charged by the card associations to process the credit card transactions are recorded separately as
cost of sales and interchange fees in the accompanying consolidated statement of operations. F- 12 Revenues from TOT Money are recognized
as a percentage of amounts billed to mobile operators. Revenue is recognized when TOT Money’s billing system is able to create
a billable transaction for a mobile operator. Billable transactions are created and submitted to TOT Money by content aggregators. Each month, mobile operators
provide TOT Money with detail supporting the transactions received by the mobile operator. TOT Money reconciles the data provided
by the mobile operator to its internal billing system. Pursuant to the mobile operator agreements, any total billing difference
under 5% is considered immaterial and TOT Money accepts the mobile operator data as accurate. Any differences from content providers
that exceed 5% of the amount billed are researched, reconciled and addressed with the mobile operator. Funds received by TOT Money from
mobile operators include amounts due to aggregators for supplying billable transactions from content providers. Revenues are presented
net of aggregator payments on the financial statements of TOT Money as the payments are considered to be agency fees. TOT Money
serves as agent to the mobile operators performing a service for a fee. Cost of services for TOT Money
is comprised primarily of fees for short numbers provided by the mobile operators that are used to provide traffic from content
providers. Cost of services for TOT Payments
is comprised primarily of processing fees paid to third parties attributable to providing transaction processing and other services
to the Company’s merchant customers. Interchange fees and cost of services are recognized as incurred, which generally occurs
in the same period in which the corresponding revenue is recognized. Interchange fees are set by the card networks, and are paid
to the card-issuing bank. Interchange fees are calculated as a percentage of the dollar volume processed plus a per transaction
fee. The Company also pays Visa® and Mastercard® network dues. Net Loss per Share Basic net loss per common share is computed
by dividing net loss applicable to common stockholders by the weighted-average number of common shares outstanding during the period.
Diluted net loss per common share is determined using the weighted-average number of common shares outstanding during the period,
adjusted for the dilutive effect of common stock equivalents, consisting of shares issuable upon exercise of common stock options
or warrants. In periods when losses are reported, the weighted-average number of common shares outstanding excludes common stock
equivalents because their inclusion would have an anti-dilutive effect. At December 31, 2013 and 2012, the Company had 8,938,900
warrants issued and outstanding that are anti-dilutive in effect. Impairment of Long-Lived Assets The Company reviews its
long-lived assets for impairment whenever events or changes indicate that the carrying amount of an asset or group of assets
may not be recoverable. As described in Note 4, during the year ended December 31, 2013, the Company recognized charges for
impairment of goodwill and intangible assets amounting to approximately $11,200,000 and $872,000 respectively. During the
year ended December 31, 2012, the Company recognized an impairment loss of goodwill and intangible assets amounting to
$680,499 which is reflected in the loss from operations of discontinued entities in the accompanying consolidated statements
of operations and comprehensive loss. Income Taxes We account for income taxes under the asset
and liability method, which requires the recognition of deferred tax assets and liabilities for the expected future tax consequences
of events that have been included in the financial statements. Under this method, deferred tax assets and liabilities are determined
on the basis of the differences between the financial statements and tax basis of assets and liabilities using enacted tax rates
in effect for the year in which the differences are expected to reverse. The effect of a change in tax rates on deferred tax assets
and liabilities is recognized in income in the period that includes the enactment date. We recognize net deferred tax assets to
the extent that we believe these assets are more likely than not to be realized. In making such a determination, we consider all
available positive and negative evidence, including future reversals of existing taxable temporary differences, projected future
taxable income, tax-planning strategies, and results of recent operations. If we determine that we would be able to realize our
deferred tax assets in the future in excess of their net recorded amount, we would make an adjustment to the deferred tax asset
valuation allowance, which would reduce the provision for income taxes. F- 13 The Company accounts for uncertainty in
income taxes using a two-step approach to recognizing and measuring uncertain tax positions. The first step is to evaluate the
tax position for recognition by determining if the weight of available evidence indicates that it is more likely than not that
the position will be sustained on audit, including resolution of related appeals or litigation processes, if any. The second step
is to measure the tax benefit as the largest amount that is more than 50% likely of being realized upon settlement. The Company
classifies the liability for unrecognized tax benefits as current to the extent that the Company anticipates payment (or receipt)
of cash within one year. Interest and penalties related to uncertain tax positions are recognized and recorded as necessary in
the provision for income taxes. The Company's evaluation of uncertain tax positions was performed for the tax years ended December
31, 2008 and forward, the tax years which remain subject to examination as of December 31, 2013. Please see Note 17 for discussion
of the Company’s uncertain tax positions. Recently Issued and Adopted Accounting Guidance Recently Issued Accounting Guidance In July 2013, the FASB issued ASU 2013-11, Income Taxes
(Topic 740) Presentation of an Unrecognized Tax Benefit When a Net Operating Loss Carryforward, a Similar Tax Loss, or a Tax Credit
Carryforward Exists. This update provides that an entity that has unrecognized tax benefits when a net operating loss carryforward,
a similar tax loss, or a tax credit carryforward exists at the reporting date should present the unrecognized tax benefit, or a
portion of an unrecognized tax benefit, in the financial statements as a reduction to a deferred tax asset for a net operating
loss carryforward, a similar tax loss, or a tax credit carryforward. This update is effective for reporting periods beginning after
December 15, 2013. The Company does not believe the adoption of this guidance will have a material impact on the Company’s
unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. Recently Adopted Accounting Guidance In July 2012, the FASB issued ASU 2012-02, Intangibles-Goodwill
and Other (Topic 350) which amended then existing guidance by giving an entity the option not to calculate annually the
fair value of an indefinite-lived intangible asset if the entity determines that it is not more likely than not that the asset
is impaired. Previous guidance required an entity to test indefinite-lived intangible assets for impairment, on at least an annual
basis, by comparing the fair value of the asset with its carrying amount. If the carrying amount of the intangible asset exceeds
its fair value, an entity should recognize an impairment loss in the amount of that excess. This update is effective for annual
and interim impairment tests performed for fiscal years beginning after September 15, 2012. The Company adopted this guidance
on January 1, 2013. The adoption of this guidance did not have a material impact on the Company’s unaudited condensed
consolidated financial statements. In March 2013, the FASB issued ASU 2013-05, Foreign
Currency Matters (Topic 830): Parent's Accounting for the Cumulative Translation Adjustment upon Derecognition of Certain Subsidiaries
or Groups of Assets within a Foreign Entity or of an Investment in a Foreign Entity (a consensus of the FASB Emerging Issues Task
Force) (“ASU 2013-05”). The objective of ASU 2013-05 is to resolve diversity in practice regarding the
release of the cumulative translation adjustment into net income when a parent either sells a part or all of its investment in
a foreign entity or no longer holds a controlling financial interest in a subsidiary or group of assets that is a nonprofit activity
or a business within a foreign entity. ASU 2013-05 is effective prospectively for fiscal years, and interim reporting periods within
those years, beginning after December 15, 2013. The Company is currently evaluating the potential impact of this ASU on its condensed
unaudited consolidated financial statements. NOTE 2. BASIS OF PRESENTATION AND PRINCIPLES
OF CONSOLIDATION Following the consolidation principles
promulgated by U.S. GAAP, the consolidated financial statements of the Company include the assets, liabilities, results of operations,
and cash flows of the following subsidiaries: F- 14 Continuing Operations: The following entities make up our continuing
operations: (1) TOT Group, Inc. (“TOT Group”), a 100% owned subsidiary formed in Delaware; (2) Netlab Systems,
LLC (“Netlab”), a wholly owned subsidiary formed in Florida; (3) NetLab Systems IP, LLC, a wholly owned subsidiary
formed in Florida; (4) OOO Net Element Russia (“Net Element Russia”), a wholly owned subsidiary formed in Russia (5) Net
Element Services, LLC, a wholly owned subsidiary formed in Florida (6) and A&R Music Holdings, LLC, a wholly owned subsidiary
formed in Florida (operations ceased January 31, 2013) The subsidiaries listed above are the parent companies of several
other subsidiaries, which hold the Company’s underlying investments or operating entities. TOT Group is the parent company of TOT Payments, LLC, (TOT Payments)
a wholly owned subsidiary formed in Florida, Aptito, LLC, a 80 % owned subsidiary formed in Florida (acquired June 18,
2013), TOT Group Ukraine LLC, a 51% subsidiary formed in Ukraine, TOT Group Cyprus, a wholly owned subsidiary formed in Cyprus,
TOT Group Europe LTD, a wholly owned subsidiary formed in the United Kingdom, TOT Group UK, a wholly owned subsidiary formed in
the United Kingdom, TOT Group Kazakhstan, LLC, a 51% owned subsidiary formed in Kazakhstan, and OOO TOT Group Russia, a wholly
owned subsidiary formed in Russia. • | TOT Payments, LLC is the parent company of: - | Process Pink, LLC, a wholly owned subsidiary formed in Florida; - | TOT HPS, LLC, a wholly owned subsidiary formed in Florida; - | TOT FBS, LLC, a wholly owned subsidiary formed in Florida; - | TOT New Edge, LLC, a wholly owned subsidiary formed in Florida; and - | TOT BPS, LLC, a wholly owned subsidiary formed in Florida. • | OOO TOT Group Russia, is the parent company of its wholly owned OOO TOT Money (a company formed in Russia) ( 30 % of TOT Money was owned by Net Element Russia until September 15, 2013 when this interest was transferred to OOO TOT Group Russia). • | Netlab Systems, LLC is the parent company of Tech Solutions LTD. • | A&R Music Holdings (f/k/a Music1) is the parent company of A&R Music Live, LLC (“A&R Music Live”) (operations discontinued January 31, 2013). • | Net Element Russia is the parent company of OOO TOT Group and OOO Music1 (Russia) (operations discontinued September 25, 2013). Net Element Russia owned 30 % of OOO TOT Money until September 15, 2013 when this interest was transferred to OOO TOT Group Russia. Discontinued Operations: The following entities make up our discontinued
operations: (1); OOO Music1 (formerly a subsidiary of NETE Russia and divested on September 25, 2013) (2) Ya Talant (divested
on September 25, 2013) (3) Splinex (also the parent company of IT Solutions, LTD and also divested on September 25, 2013),
(4) MotorSport (also the parent of Motorsport.com, Inc. also divested on September 25, 2013), (5) Openfilm, LLC. (also
the parent of Openfilm Studios, LLC (company closed June 2013) and Openfilm, Inc (divested September 25, 2013)) and (6) Zivos,
LLC (Ukraine) (divested September 25, 2013), In addition, the consolidated statements
of operations and comprehensive loss and statements of cash flows contain activity through September 25, 2013 for discontinued operations
of our on-line media businesses. On September 25, 2013, the Company entered into a Contribution Agreement with
T1T Lab, LLC, a Florida limited liability company, and T1T Group, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, pursuant to which
on September 25, 2013, the Company contributed to T1T Lab all of its membership and participation interests in its subsidiaries
Openfilm, LLC, Motorsport, LLC, Splinex, LLC, LegalGuru, LLC and MUSIC 1 LLC (a/k/a OOO Music1) in exchange for a 10% interest
in T1T Lab and T1T Lab assumed $2,162,158 in liabilities (including $2,000,000 owed by the Company to K1 Holding Limited pursuant
to a promissory note dated May 13, 2013) related to the Disposed Subsidiaries. There are no amounts reported on
the consolidated balance sheet for the discontinued entities at December 31, 2013 given the divesture occurred on September 25,
2013. Prior periods have been restated to report the results from operations of these discontinued entities and
prior period assets and liabilities. F- 15 All material intercompany accounts and transactions have been
eliminated in this consolidation. NOTE 3. GOING CONCERN CONSIDERATIONS The Company’s consolidated financial statements have been
prepared on a going concern basis, which contemplates the realization of assets and the settlement of liabilities and commitments
in the normal course of business. The Company had negative cash flows from continuing operations of $10.8 million for the year ended
December 31, 2013, an accumulated deficit of $119 million and negative working capital of $8.0 million at December 31, 2013. These
conditions raise substantial doubt about the Company’s ability to continue as a going concern. Failure to successfully continue developing the Company’s
payment processing operations and maintain contracts with merchants, mobile phone carriers and content providers to use TOT Group’s
services could harm the Company’s revenues and materially adversely affect its financial condition and results of operations. The
Company faces all of the risks inherent in a new business, including the need for significant additional capital, management’s
potential underestimation of initial and ongoing costs, and potential delays and other problems in connection with developing the
Company’s technologies and operations. The Company is continuing with its plan to further grow and
expand its payment processing operations in emerging markets, particularly in Russia and surrounding countries. Management believes
that its current operating strategy will provide the opportunity for the Company to continue as a going concern as long as we are
able to obtain additional financing; however, there is no assurance this will occur. The accompanying consolidated financial statements
do not include any adjustments that might be necessary if the Company is unable to continue as a going concern. The independent auditors’ report on the Company’s
consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2013 contains an explanatory paragraph expressing substantial
doubt as to the Company’s ability to continue as a going concern. NOTE 4. MERGER AND ACQUISITION TRANSACTIONS On October 2, 2012, the Company completed
its Merger with Net Element, Inc. and the various transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement dated June 12, 2012. Immediately
prior to the effectiveness of the Merger, the Company (then known as Cazador Acquisition Corporation Ltd.) changed its jurisdiction
of incorporation by discontinuing as an exempted company in the Cayman Islands and continuing and domesticating as a corporation
incorporated under the laws of the State of Delaware. Effective upon consummation of the Merger, (i) Net Element was merged with
and into the Company, resulting in Net Element ceasing to exist and the Company continuing as the surviving company in the Merger,
and (ii) the Company changed its name to Net Element International, Inc. Pursuant to the terms of the Merger Agreement, upon completion
of the Merger, each share of then-issued and outstanding common stock of Net Element was automatically cancelled and converted
into the right to receive one-fortieth (1/40) of a share of the Company’s common stock. All shares of common stock and stock
options in the 2012 and 2011 financial statements have been converted based on the 1/40 ratio. The Merger was structured to qualify
as a tax-free reorganization. To the extent a holder of Net Element common
stock would have received fewer than 100 shares of common stock of the Company in the Merger, such holder was issued an additional
number of shares of common stock of the Company to bring such holder’s aggregate equity holdings in the Company to 100 shares
of common stock. No fractional shares were issued in the Merger; instead, the Company issued one share of common stock to the holder
of any shares of Net Element common stock that would have otherwise been entitled to receive a fraction of a share of common stock
of the Company. F- 16 Immediately prior to the effective time
of the Merger, all outstanding shares of unvested restricted stock of Net Element accelerated and became fully vested and, at the
effective time of the Merger, such shares were cancelled and converted into the right to receive shares of common stock of the
Company on the same basis as other issued and outstanding shares of Net Element common stock as described above. Immediately prior
to the effective time of the Merger, all outstanding convertible debt instruments of Net Element were converted into shares of
Net Element common stock pursuant to the terms of such instruments and, at the effective time of the Merger, such shares were cancelled
and converted into the right to receive shares of common stock of the Company on the same basis as other issued and outstanding
shares of Net Element common stock as described above. Immediately prior to the effective time of the Merger, all outstanding Net
Element stock options and warrants (collectively, “Convertible Securities”) accelerated and became fully vested and
exercisable to the extent that they were unvested. If the Convertible Securities were “in-the-money” (meaning that
the exercise price was lower than the product obtained by multiplying the price of a Cazador ordinary share as of the close of
The NASDAQ Capital Market on the day immediately prior to the closing date by 0.025, which product equaled $0.25 (the “Cashless
Share Price”)), then, immediately prior to the effective time of the Merger, they were terminated and exercised into the
number of shares of Net Element common stock that would have been issuable if the Convertible Securities were exercised on a cashless
basis based on the Cashless Share Price, and, at the effective time of the Merger, such shares of Net Element common stock were
cancelled and converted into the right to receive shares of common stock of the Company on the same basis as other issued and outstanding
shares of Net Element common stock as described above. Any Convertible Securities that were “out-of-the-money” (meaning
that the exercise price was equal to or higher than the Cashless Share Price) were cancelled at the effective time of the Merger
and no consideration was delivered in exchange therefor; provided that, with respect to “out-of-the-money” Net Element
stock options that were granted to employees under Net Element’s 2011 Equity Incentive Plan in lieu of cash compensation
in connection with compensation reductions previously implemented by Net Element, employees had the right to be paid the amount
of cash compensation that was previously foregone in connection with the compensation reductions. With respect to “in-the-money”
Net Element stock options that were granted to employees under Net Element’s 2011 Equity Incentive Plan in lieu of cash compensation
in connection with compensation reductions previously implemented by Net Element, employees of Net Element were given a choice
to, immediately prior to the effective time of the Merger, either (i) exercise such stock options on a cashless basis as described
above or (ii) cancel all of such stock options and be paid the amount of cash compensation that was previously foregone in connection
with the compensation reductions. The amounts of shares and consideration for shares (including
purchase prices, exercise prices and conversion prices) described in the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for the
period prior to October 2, 2012 (which was the closing date of the Company’s merger with Net Element), have been adjusted
to give effect to the conversion ratio for shares of Net Element common stock that were cancelled and converted into shares of
the Company’s common stock pursuant to the Merger Agreement. Pursuant to the terms of the Merger Agreement, upon completion
of the Merger, each share of then-issued and outstanding common stock of Net Element was automatically cancelled and converted
into the right to receive one-fortieth (1/40) of a share of the Company’s common stock. See Note 4 for additional information
regarding the Merger. Unified Payments Acquisition On April 16, 2013, the Company entered into a Contribution Agreement
(the “Contribution Agreement”) with Unified Payments, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, TOT Group, Oleg Firer,
individually, and Georgia Notes 18 LLC, a Florida limited liability company. Pursuant to the Contribution Agreement, on April 16,
2013, certain subsidiaries of TOT Group, which were formed for the purpose of effectuating the transactions contemplated by the
Contribution Agreement, acquired substantially all of the business assets of Unified Payments. Unified Payments provides comprehensive
turnkey, payment-processing solutions to small and medium size business owners (merchants) and independent sales organizations
across the United States. As consideration for Unified Payments’ and its subsidiaries’ contribution of their assets
to TOT Group subsidiaries, (a) the Company contributed to a subsidiary of TOT Group 70 % of the equity interests in the
Company’s subsidiary, OOO TOT Money (through which the Company operates its mobile commerce payment processing business);
(b) TOT Group issued to Unified Payments 10 % of TOT Group’s issued and outstanding common stock which was valued
at approximately $600,000 (valued based on a discounted cash flow analysis of TOT Group adjusted for a lack of marketability discount);
and (c) TOT Group assumed approximately $20.6 million in liabilities of Unified Payments and its subsidiaries. Revenue and net
loss from operations for Unified Payments from date of acquisition through the year ended December 31, 2013 was $14,765,114 and
($3,026,450), respectively. The following table summarizes the estimated fair value of consideration
paid and the allocation of purchase price as of the date of acquisition (in millions). The allocation of purchase price to
the fair value of tangible and intangible assets and liabilities, including the estimated useful lives of acquired assets, is provisional
and remains preliminary as management continues to assess the valuation of these items and any ultimate purchase price adjustments
based on the final assets and net working capital, as prescribed by the purchase agreement. F- 17 April 16th,
2013
(in Millions)
Purchase Consideration:
Assumption of Debt | $ | 20.6
Issuance of TOT Group Stock (10%) | 0.6
Total Consideration Transferred | $ | 21.2
Purchase Price Allocation to Identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed
Current Assets | $ | 0.9
Merchant Portfolios | 4.4
Other Intangible Assets | 1.0
Current Liabilities | (2.1 | )
Total Identifiable Net Assets | 4.2
Goodwill | 17.0
Total Purchase Price Allocation | $ | 21.2 Intangible assets and merchant portfolios will be amortized
in a manner consistent with the pattern in which the related benefits are expected to be consumed. Goodwill arising from the acquisition
represents the estimated value of Unified Payments’ presence in key high growth markets, its assembled workforce, its management
team's industry-specific project management expertise and synergies expected to be achieved from the combined operations of Unified
Payments and TOT Money. As part of its June 30, 2013 financial statement closing process,
as well as the Company’s review of the independent valuation performed in connection with the Unified Payments business combination,
the Company determined that the reported goodwill of its TOT Payments unit as of June 30, 2013 was impaired. The carrying amount
of this reporting unit was negative as of June 30, 2013, thus the Company performed Step 2 of the goodwill impairment test as of
June 30, 2013. The fair value of the reporting unit was determined based on a combination of the income approach (discounted cash
flow analysis) and market approach. The result of the Step 2 analysis indicated that the TOT Payments reporting unit’s goodwill
was impaired by approximately $11.2 million as of June 30, 2013. The Company recorded a non-cash, goodwill impairment charge of
approximately $11.2 million for the three months ended June 30, 2013. At December 31, 2013, the Company performed its impairment
test again and determined that no impairment was necessary. On September 4, 2013, the Company entered
into a letter agreement, dated as of August 28, 2013, with Oleg Firer, Steven Wolberg, Georgia Notes 18 LLC and Vladimir Sadovskiy,
pursuant to which the Company agreed, subject to approval of the Company's shareholders, to issue such number of shares of Common
Stock of the Company equal to 10% of the Company's issued and outstanding Common Stock as of the date of issuance of such shares
in exchange for the Company's acquisition of the outstanding 10% minority interest in the Company's 90%-owned subsidiary, TOT Group,
Inc. Pursuant to this agreement, the Company is obligated to issue to Mr. Firer (who is Chief Executive Officer and a director
of the Company) 4.5% of the Company's issued and outstanding Common Stock as of the date of issuance of such shares, and to Mr.
Wolberg (who is Chief Legal Officer and Secretary of the Company) 2% of the Company's issued and outstanding Common Stock as of
the date of issuance of such shares. As of December 31, 2013, the
number of shares, market price and total value for the 10% interest issued by the Company for the acquisition of the 10%
minority interest of TOT Group, Inc. were 2,812,771 shares, $4.55 per share and $12,798,104, respectively. The
Company’s non-cash compensation charge for this transaction, was $13,305,817 which consists of the $12,798,104 total
value of the shares issued by the Company, the negative book value of the 10% minority interest in TOT Group,
Inc. of $1,107,713, less the fair value of the 10% TOT Group stock of $600,000. F- 18 Aptito Acquisition On June 18, 2013, Aptito, LLC (“Aptito”), an indirect
subsidiary of the Company, entered into an Asset Purchase Agreement with Aptito.com, Inc., a New York corporation (“Seller”),
pursuant to which Aptito acquired on such date substantially all of the business assets of Seller. The business assets sold to
Aptito by Seller include the development, implementation and sales of an all-in-one, cloud-based, digital point-of-sale software
and customer relations management and payments platform, including the Restaurant mPOS, a tablet-based point-of-sale solution that
combines traditional point-of-sale functionality with mobile ordering, payments, social media, intelligent offers, mobile applications,
loyalty and transactional data all in one solution using Seller’s (and now Aptito’s) cloud-based payments platform. As consideration for the acquired business assets, (a) Aptito
assumed and simultaneously repaid $145,000 of outstanding indebtedness (with an original principal balance totaling $200,000);
(b) the Company agreed to issue to Seller 125,000 restricted shares of the Company’s common stock, which shares
will vest quarterly over 12 months (valued at $718,750). The total purchase consideration was $918,750 and ascribed to goodwill.
At December 31, 2013, 67,712 shares with a value of $389,344 have been vested. The allocation of purchase price to the fair value of tangible
and intangible assets and liabilities is provisional and remains preliminary as management continues to assess the valuation of
these items and any ultimate purchase price adjustment based on final assets and net working capital, as prescribed by the purchase
agreement and valuation. The Company’s subsidiary, TOT Group, which owns an 80%
membership interest in Aptito, has an option to purchase Seller’s 20 % membership interest in Aptito at any time
after December 31, 2014 or at any time upon a change of control (as defined in Aptito’s limited liability company agreement)
of Aptito, with the purchase price based on the fair market value of Aptito as of the end of the calendar month immediately preceding
TOT Group’s request for a valuation in accordance with the terms of the option, payable in cash, cancellation of indebtedness,
shares of common stock or a combination of the foregoing. Revenue and net loss from operations for Aptito from date of
acquisition through the year ended December 31, 2013 was $32,784 and ($406,376), respectively. Unaudited Pro Forma Information - Acquisitions The following unaudited supplemental pro forma results of operations
include the results of operations of each of the companies acquired in the second quarter of 2013 described above as if each had
been consolidated as of January 1, 2012, and have been provided for illustrative purposes only and do not purport to be indicative
of the actual results that would have been achieved by the combined companies for the periods presented or that may be achieved
by the combined companies in the future. Future results may vary significantly from the results reflected in the following pro
forma financial information because of future events and transactions, as well as other factors, many of which are beyond the Company’s
control. Additionally, GMM Motorsports Media was divested on September 25, 2013 (see Note 5). The unaudited pro forma combined results of operations for the
years ended December 31, 2013 and 2012 have been prepared by adjusting the historical results of the Company to include the historical
results of the acquisitions described above as if they occurred January 1, 2012. The pro forma results of operations do not
include any adjustments to eliminate the impact of acquisition related costs or any cost savings or other synergies that may result
from these acquisitions. As noted above, the pro forma results of operations do not purport to be indicative of the actual results
that would have been achieved by the combined company for the periods presented or that may be achieved by the combined company
in the future and certain entities have been divested (see Note 5). F- 19 Net Elemement Consolidated Proforma Statement
of Operations December 31,2013 | December 31,2012
NET Revenues | $ | 25,378,495 | $ | 58,124,459
Net Loss from continuing operations | $ | (41,948,056 | ) | $ | (12,083,909 | ) NOTE 5. DISCONTINUED OPERATIONS On September 25, 2013, the Company entered into a Contribution
Agreement (the "Divestiture Contribution Agreement") with T1T Lab, LLC, a Florida limited liability company ("T1T
Lab"), and T1T Group, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company ("T1T Group"), pursuant to which, on September 25,
2013, the Company contributed to T1T Lab all of its membership and participation interests in its subsidiaries Openfilm, LLC, Motorsport,
LLC, Splinex, LLC, LegalGuru, LLC and MUSIC 1 LLC (a/k/a OOO Music1) (collectively, the "Disposed Subsidiaries"). The
Disposed Subsidiaries constitute all of the Company's interests in online media businesses and operations (referred to herein collectively
as the Company's "entertainment assets"). As described further below, following the transactions effectuated
pursuant to the Divestiture Contribution Agreement, the Company indirectly owned a minority interest in the Disposed Subsidiaries
through its 10% membership interest in T1T Lab. The Company disposed its entertainment assets in order to focus
its business operations on mobile payments, transactional services and related technologies and to reduce the significant expenses
associated with developing and maintaining the entertainment assets. Pursuant to the Divestiture Contribution Agreement, the Company
contributed to T1T Lab all of its membership and participation interests in the Disposed Subsidiaries and agreed to make an initial
capital contribution to T1T Lab in the amount of $1,259,000 (recorded as part of Due
to related Parties (current portion) on the consolidated balance sheet), payable in full or in installments when requested
by T1T Lab but in no event later than within the 12-month period after September 25, 2013 (unless such period is mutually extended
in writing by the Company and T1T Group). Subject to T1T Lab's prior written approval, a portion of the
Company’s initial capital contribution may be made in the form of future services provided by the Company, with the value
of such services to be agreed upon in writing between the Company and T1T Group prior to providing such services. The amount of
the Company’s initial capital contribution is a negotiated amount required for T1T Lab to acquire the Disposed Subsidiaries.
In exchange for such contributions, the Company was issued a 10% membership interest in T1T Lab and T1T Lab assumed $2,162,158 in
liabilities (including $2,000,000 owed by the Company to K 1 Holding Limited pursuant to a promissory note dated May 13, 2013)
related to the Disposed Subsidiaries. In addition, all intercompany loans payable by the Disposed Subsidiaries to the Company,
on the one hand, and by the Company to the Disposed Subsidiaries, on the other hand, were forgiven by the Company and by T1T Lab
(as applicable). The investment, which amounted to $46,113, is accounted for under the cost method since the Company owns
10% of T1T Lab, LLC and does not influence the operations of T1T Lab, LLC. On Februrary 11, 2014, the Company agreed to transfer
to T1T Lab, LLC all of the Assigned Interests in consideration for the Company being released from its obligations to T1T
LAB, LLC (including the obligations to make capital contributions to T1T LAB, LLC)(Also see Note 19 Subsequent Events). T1T Group is wholly-owned by Enerfund, LLC (which is wholly-owned
by Mike Zoi, a director and majority stockholder of the Company). F- 20 Based on the foregoing, and in conformity with applicable accounting
guidance, the Disposed Subsidiaries qualify as a discontinued operation. Accordingly, financial results of the
Disposed Subsidiaries have been reported as discontinued operations in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations and
comprehensive loss for all periods presented. Summarized results of the Company’s discontinued operations
are as follows: Year ended December 31,
2013 | 2012
Revenues | $ | 14,484 | $ | 27,630
Loss Before Income taxes | (1,339,646 | ) | (3,335,780 | )
Income Tax Benefit | - | 35,955
Net Loss from Discontinued Operations | $ | (1,339,646 | ) | $ | (3,299,825 | ) As of December 31, 2013, there were no assets or liabilities
of discontinued operations because the entities were divested on September 25, 2013. As of December 31, 2012, the aggregate components
of assets and liabilities classified as discontinued operations and included in current assets and current liabilities consisted
of the following: December 31
2012
Cash | $ | 32,950
Other Current Assets | 29,056
Net Fixed Assets | 29,258
Due from related parties | -
Intangible assets | 101,196
Total Assets | $ | 192,460
Accounts Payable and Accrued Expenses | 87,419
Due to related parties | 135,693
Total Liabilities | $ | 223,112
Net assets (deficit) of discontinued operations | $ | (30,652 | ) F- 21 NOTE 6. NOTES RECEIVABLE As of December 31, 2013 and 2012 the Company had net notes receivable
of $0 and $6,088,934, respectively, as follows: December 31, 2013 | December 31, 2012 (as restated)
RM Invest | $ | - | $ | 5,188,934
Note receivable from former general director | 1,834,302 | -
Infratont Equities, Inc. | - | 1,791,475
Less: Allowance for uncollectible note receivable | (1,834,302 | ) | (891,475 | )
Total note receivable, net | $ | - | $ | 6,088,934 On July 12, 2012, the Company’s Russian subsidiary, TOT
Money, entered into a loan agreement pursuant to which it agreed to loan RM Invest up to a maximum of 200 million Russian
rubles (approximately $7.0 million in U.S. dollars). The interest rate on the loan was 10 % from the date of advance
to the date of scheduled repayment on October 31, 2012 . TOT Money would earn interest income on this loan at approximately
a 40 % annual rate if the loan was repaid timely given interest earned was 10% of the outstanding balance with a term
of approximately three months. On August 16, 2012, the loan was increased to 300 million Russian rubles (approximately
$9.8 million in U.S. dollars). The original stated maturity date of the loan was October 31, 2012 and on February 25, 2013
the Company renegotiated the loan with RM Invest and extended the maturity date until October 1, 2013 with no further
interest to be charged. As of June 30, 2013, the loan was fully satisfied. Infratont On November 26, 2012, the Company entered into a loan agreement
with Infratont Equities, Inc. (“Infratont”), pursuant to which the Company loaned $1,791,475 to Infratont for
the purpose of providing the borrower with working capital and funding of business development in general. The loan had a stated
maturity of November 15, 2013 and accrued interest at a rate of 1.75 % per month, payable quarterly commencing
in March 2013. The effect of the loan was to defer a repayment obligation of Tcahai Hairullaevich Katcaev to Mr. Polyanovskiy pursuant
to an unrelated loan not involving the Company. Mr. Katcaev is the former general director of the Company’s subsidiary, TOT
Money, and he owns a 20 % interest in RM Invest, a payment processing business in Russia. During the year ended December
31, 2013, the Company determined the Infratont loan was uncollectible and wrote off the outstanding balance against the corresponding
allowance. Former General Director TOT Money The Company commenced its carrier-integrated mobile payment
payments solutions operations, through its subsidiary TOT Money, during the third quarter of 2012. These operations consist of
TOT Money paying aggregators for content to be provided to mobile operators. Aggregators are businesses that contract for content
from many content providers and provide processing volume to TOT Money. During the fourth quarter of 2012 and
the six months ended June 30, 2013, TOT Money’s former general director was providing advances to aggregators based on projected
processing volumes. Although the Company has a history of transactions with most aggregators, we do not obtain financial statements
or bank references to complete a full credit review of each aggregator. In addition, aggregator advances are unsecured. As of December
31, 2012, the Company established a 10% reserve on these aggregator advances based on actual and estimated processing volumes
subsequent to these dates, and concluded that the net aggregator advances were recoverable as of December 31, 2012. During the second quarter of 2013, our new CEO and CEO’s
appointed management of TOT Group Russia completed analyzing our aggregator and mobile operator relationship including having discussions
with select aggregators. As part of this review, it was determined that the former general director of TOT Money provided advances
to aggregators which exceeded the future processing volumes to be provided by these aggregators. As a result of this review, during
the second quarter of 2013 it was concluded that a significant amount of these advances would not be recoverable in the form of
future business from the aggregators. The former general director took responsibility for a certain amount of these advances and
agreed to a settlement. The former general director was transferred to commercial director with responsibility to develop and promote
new business until February 10, 2014 when he resigned. F- 22 As part of the settlement discussed above, the Company entered
into a settlement agreement with the former general director of TOT Money pursuant to which TOT Money is to receive $3.8 million
to repay certain agreed upon amounts. The term of repayment will be dictated by the volume of future TOT Money business developed
as repayment and is based on profit distributions to the former general director, which will be withheld until the $3.8 million
settlement is recovered. Due to the past history of losses of the TOT Money operations,
the Company fully reserved the discounted note receivable balance of $1.8 million . We
do not expect to collect the outstanding balance from the former general director. NOTE 7. ACCOUNTS RECEIVABLE AND ADVANCES
TO AGGREGATORS Accounts receivable consist of amounts due from processors
and Russian mobile operators. Total accounts receivable amounted to $10,619,289 at December 31, 2013, consisting
primarily of $9,118,849 in amounts due from Russian mobile operators and $1,498,620 of TOT Payments, Inc. merchant
receivables. The $1,498,620 of merchant receivables is net of a
$2,111,303 allowance for amounts due from First Data as the result of a lawsuit (See Note 13). There were additional charges
to bad debts for $423,179 for ACH rejects in the normal course of operations and a charge for various receivables from Merchants
for $50,000. The cycle of the TOT Payments processing business begins when
TOT Payments charges merchants for processing services, based on a variable percentage of the dollar amount of each transaction
and in some instances, additional fees are charged for each transaction. Merchant customers may also be charged miscellaneous fees,
including statement fees, annual fees, monthly minimum fees, fees for handling chargebacks, gateway fees, and fees for other miscellaneous
service. The cycle of the Russian TOT Money mobile payment processing
business begins with TOT Money paying aggregators for traffic to be provided to mobile operators. Aggregators provide transactions
to TOT Money for processing and billing to the mobile operators TOT Money has contracts with. The mobile operator contracts and
associated receivables are with the three largest mobile telecommunications companies in Russia, Mobile TeleSystems OJSC, MegaFon
OJSC and OJSC VimpelCom. The Company does not reserve for these accounts receivable given our payment history with each mobile
operator and the size of each mobile operator company. The collection cycle with mobile operators is approximately 45 days. As discussed in Note 6, during the second quarter of 2013, the
Company concluded that a significant amount of aggregator advances would not be recoverable in the form of future business from
the aggregators. The Company had previously recorded loss provisions of approximately $6,700,000 in prior quarters and during 2012. In June of 2013, TOT Money entered into a new agreement with
the general director, pursuant to which he was relieved of his position as general director and appointed as commercial director
with responsibility to develop and promote new business. A new general director of TOT Money was appointed to manage the business
and operations. New controls were implemented to pre-verify all payments to aggregators with the mobile operators to ensure the
traffic is validated. Effective July 1, 2013, the TOT Money changed its policy where
it no longer advances more than 1 week of funds to aggregators for future processing volume. Additionally,
all traffic in excess of 1 weeks advance is verified with the mobile operator before payments are approved to aggregators. Advances
to aggregators total $1,109,538 as of December 31, 2013. The Company monitors all accounts receivable, notes receivable
and transactions with mobile operators and aggregators on a quarterly basis to ensure collectability and the adequacy of loss provisions.
Considerations include payment history, business volume history, financial statements of borrower, projections of borrower and
other standard credit review documentation. Management uses its best judgment to adequately reserve for future losses after all
available information is reviewed. F- 23 NOTE 8. FIXED ASSETS Fixed assets are stated at cost less accumulated depreciation
and amortization as follows: Useful life (in years) | December 31, 2013 | December 31, 2012 (as restated)
Furniture and equipment | 3 - 10 | $ | 236,432 | $ | 325,522
Computers | 2 - 5 | 254,280 | 283,513
Leasehold improvements* | - | 19,956
Total | 490,712 | 628,991
Less: Accumulated depreciation | (353,445 | ) | (367,232 | )
Total fixed assets, net | $ | 137,267 | $ | 261,759 * Leasehold improvements are amortized over the shorter of
the economic usefull life or the lease term. Depreciation expense for the year ended December 31, 2013 and
2012 was $140,046 and $129,830, respectively. NOTE 9. INTANGIBLE ASSETS Merchant Portfolios The following table reflects the Company’s merchant portfolio
at their cost and net carrying value as of December 31, 2013: Remaining
Fair | Useful Life in | Accumulated
Market Value | Months | Amortization | Net
TOT BPS, LLC | $ | 1,852,851 | 15 | $ | 852,247 | $ | 1,000,604
TOT HPS, LLC | 102,050 | 15 | 46,939 | 55,111
TOT FBS, LLC | 968,010 | 22 | 325,304 | 642,706
$ | 2,922,911 | $ | 1,224,490 | $ | 1,698,421 The useful lives of merchant portfolios represent management’s
best estimate over which the Company will recognize the economic benefits of these intangible assets. Subsequent to the balance sheet date the Company was informed
that its lawsuit with First Data Corp. was dismissed. The company subsequently filed an appeal, however, since the likelihood of
successfully pursuing the recoupment of the portfolios appears to be remote; the Company has impaired the net asset value of the
portfolio belonging to Process Pink, LLC as of December 31, 2013. As a result, the Company has written off the portfolio value
(net of accumulated amortization) in the amount of $872,354. The Company has recognized this charge as a loss from impairment
of portfolios in the accompanying statement of operations and comprehensive loss. The Company capitalizes certain costs for website development
projects. Specifically, the Company capitalizes projects that are significant in terms of functional value added to the site. A
capitalized project would be closer to a full product launch than an incremental or point release update. Costs for updates are
expensed as incurred. Capitalized costs are amortized over 24 months on a straight-line basis. The Company also capitalizes projects
from the point of start to the point the application, service or website is publicly launched. Amortization is straight-line over
24 months. Impairment is reviewed quarterly to ensure only viable active project costs are capitalized. Capitalized website development
costs are included in other assets for the year ended December 31, 2012. There were no capitalized website development costs at
December 31, 2013 as website assets were divested during the quarter ended September 30, 2013. During the year ended December 31, 2013, two key executives
signed covenants not to compete. These covenants have a three-year life and have an estimated fair market value of $641,667 as
of December 31, 2013. F- 24 At December 31, 2013, the Company had $2,964,424 of intangible
assets of which $2,322,757 are attributed to TOT Group. As of December 31, 2012, the Company’s intangible assets prior to
the acquisition of Unified Payments amounted to $111,670. Shown below are the details of intangible assets as of December 31, 2013
and 2012: Domain Name | IP Sofware | Portfolios | Client Acquisition Costs | Covenant Not to Compete | Capitalized Patent Cost | Website Capitalization Cost | Other | Total
Balance at January 1, 2012 | $ | 6,787 | $ | - | $ | 34,801 | $ | 75,875 | $ | 2,500 | $ | 119,963
Additions | 66,964 | - | - | - | 7,150 | 53,769 | - | 127,883
Amortization | - | - | - | - | (4,032 | ) | (129,644 | ) | (2,500 | ) | (136,176 | )
Balance at December 31, 2012 | $ | 73,751 | $ | - | $ | - | $ | - | $ | - | $ | 37,919 | $ | - | $ | - | $ | 111,670
Additions | - | 258,748 | 4,370,000 | 466,280 | 840,000 | - | - | - | 5,935,028
Amortization | - | (14,923 | ) | (1,799,225 | ) | (85,769 | ) | (198,333 | ) | (2,017 | ) | - | - | (2,100,267 | )
Impairment | - | - | (872,354 | ) | - | - | - | - | - | (872,354 | )
Divested | (73,751 | ) | - | - | - | - | (35,902 | ) | - | - | (109,653 | )
Balance at December 31, 2013 | $ | - | $ | 243,825 | $ | 1,698,421 | $ | 380,511 | $ | 641,667 | $ | - | $ | - | $ | - | $ | 2,964,424 Amortization expense for the year ended December 31, 2013 was
$2,100,267, and $136,176 for the year ended December 31, 2012. The following table presents the estimated aggregate amortization
expense of other intangible assets for the next five years ending December 31, 2014 - 2017. 2014 | $ | 1,985,630
2015 | 643,332
2016 | 166,247
2017 | 56,405
Thereafter | 112,810
Total | $ | 2,964,424 NOTE 10. SHORT TERM LOANS As of December 31, 2013, the Company had
approximately $8.5 million in short term loans, under a factoring agreement with Alfa-Bank that was entered by the Company’s
Russian subsidiary, TOT Money. As of December 31, 2012, the Company had
approximately $9.4 million in short term loans which consists of: (i) $7.6 million under a factoring agreement with Alfa-Bank that
was entered by the Company’s Russian subsidiary, TOT Money, on September 28, 2012 and (ii) $1.8 million under a credit agreement
with Alfa-Bank that was entered into by the Company’s Russian subsidiary TOT Money on August 17, 2012. As stated above, on September 28, 2012,
the Company’s Russian subsidiary, TOT Money, entered into a factoring agreement with Alfa-Bank. Pursuant to the agreement,
as amended, TOT Money has assigned to Alfa-Bank its accounts receivable as security for financing in an aggregate amount of up
to 300 million Russian rubles (approximately $9.8 million in U.S. dollars) provided by Alfa-Bank to TOT Money. The amount loaned
by Alfa-Bank pursuant to the agreement with respect to any particular account receivable is limited to 80% of the amount of the
account receivable assigned to Alfa-Bank. Pursuant to the agreement, Alfa-Bank is required to track the status of TOT Money’s
accounts receivable, monitor timeliness of payment of such accounts receivable and provide related services. The term of the agreement
is from September 28, 2012 until May 20, 2014. Alfa-Bank’s compensation pursuant to the agreement for providing services
for the administrative management of accounts receivable ranges from 10 Russian rubles (approximately $0.33 in U.S. dollars) to
100 Russian rubles (approximately $3.28 in U.S. dollars) per account receivable, depending upon whether financing was provided
related to the particular account receivable and the form of the documentation related to the particular account receivable. Alfa-Bank’s
compensation pursuant to the agreement for providing financing to TOT Money is calculated as a financing rate that ranges from
9.70% to 11.95% annually of the amounts borrowed, depending upon the amount borrowed and the number of days in the period from
the date financing is provided until the date the applicable account receivable is paid; however, Alfa-Bank has the unilateral
right to change such financing rates in the event of changes in certain market rates or in Alfa-Bank’s reasonable discretion.
TOT Money’s obligations under the Agreement also are secured by a guarantee given by AO SAT & Company. AO SAT & Company
is an affiliate of Kenges Rakishev, who is Chairman of the Board of Directors of the Company. F- 25 In addition, on August 17, 2012, the Company’s Russian subsidiary, TOT Money, entered into a Credit
Agreement with Alfa-Bank. Pursuant to the Credit Agreement, Alfa-Bank agreed to provide a line of credit to TOT Money with the
credit line limit set at 300 million Russian rubles (approximately $9.8 million in U.S. dollars). The interest rate on the initial
amount borrowed of 53.9 million rubles (approximately $1.8 million in U.S. dollars) under the Credit Agreement is 3.55% per annum.
The loan was secured by 55.0 million rubles of restricted cash (approximately $1.8 million in U.S. dollars). Alfa-Bank has the
unilateral right to change the interest rate on amounts borrowed under the Credit Agreement from time to time in the event of
changes in certain market rates or in Alfa-Bank’s reasonable discretion, provided that the interest rate may not exceed
14% per annum. Interest must be repaid on a monthly basis on the 25th of each month. Amounts borrowed under the Credit Agreement
must be repaid within six months of the date borrowed. The duration of the line of credit is set from August 17, 2012 through
May 20, 2014. TOT Money’s obligations under the Credit Agreement are secured by a pledge of TOT Money’s deposits in
its deposit account with Alfa-Bank and by a guarantee given by AO SAT & Company. AO SAT & Company is an affiliate of Kenges
Rakishev. On February 13, 2013, the Alfa Bank Credit Agreement had a loan
balance of 53,900,000 rubles (approximately $1.8 million in U.S. dollars) secured by 55,000,000 rubles
(approximately $1.8 million in U.S. dollars) in restricted cash. The Company paid off this credit facility on February 14,
2013 in order to eliminate interest expense under the credit line and free up the restricted cash. The balance of this loan was
$0 and $1.8 million at December 31, 2013 and 2012, respectively. NOTE 11. ACCRUED EXPENSES At December 31, 2013 and December 31, 2012, accrued expenses
amounted to $3,484,963 and $910,022, respectively. Accrued expenses represent expenses that are owed at the end of the
period and have not been billed by the provider or are estimates of services provided. The following table details the items
comprising the balances outstanding as of December 31, 2013 and December 31, 2012. December 31, 2013 | December 31, 2012 (as restated)
Accrued professional fees | $ | 711,340 | $ | 470,382
Residual advances | 240,000 | -
Accrued income and VAT taxes | 350,743 | -
Promotional expense | 261,311 | 221,311
Accrued interest | 196,396 | 39,421
Accrued bonus | 1,265,597 | -
Accrued payroll | 282,804 | 36,816
Other accrued expenses | 176,772 | 142,092
$ | 3,484,963 | $ | 910,022 Accrued performance bonuses of $1,265,597 is attributed
to the TOT Group subsidiaries, consisting of bonuses that were owed at the date of the Unified Payments acquisition, plus
a discretionary bonus accrual. NOTE 12. LONG TERM DEBT The Company assumed several long-term debt obligations in connection
with its acquisition of the business assets of Unified Payments on April 16, 2013, which are summarized in the below tables. The components of the Company’s outstanding long-term
debt as of December 31, 2013 are as follows: F- 26 MBF Merchant Capital LLC | $ | 5,000,584
RBL Capital Group, LLC | 2,565,306
Capital Sources | 2,300,000
Georgia Notes, LLC | 11,098,066
Other | 107,668
Subtotal | $ | 21,071,624
Less: Current Portion | (3,816,093 | )
Long Term Debt | $ | 17,255,531 MBF Merchant Capital, LLC The note payable to MBF Merchant Capital, LLC has a loan balance
of $5,000,584, with a stated interest rate of 9.75 % and monthly principal and interest payments of $82,371 per
month through March 15, 2016 and a balloon payment of $3,641,767 (includes accrued interest), which is due on March 15, 2016. RBL Capital Group, LLC The Company assumed two long-term notes with RBL Capital Group,
LLC: One note provided for a 15.635 % interest rate and
an assumed balance of the note, which was $1,532,853 at the acquisition date. The note requires monthly payments of $77,560 per
month and is secured by the residuals received by a legacy processor of Process Pink. The Company assumed an amendment whereby,
in the event that the cash flow ratio, as defined in the loan agreement is at the end of any calendar month less than 2:1 for two
consecutive months, then the Company will be obligated to increase the monthly principal and interest payment to be $125,000 until
such time the ratio falls below 2:1 for two consecutive months. Certain prepayment penalties exist, up to a maximum of 4% of the
amount pre-paid, if the note is paid prior to maturity. The loan is collateralized by a security agreement whereby the lender has
a senior priority security interest in the assets of the borrower. As of December 31, 2013, the lender has agreed not to accelerate
any payments. The Company has been making interest payment only since July 2013. In addition the Company was required to accrue
and recognize $70,750 of additional restructuring interest. Per subsequent events in Note 19, the loan has been fully repaid as
of April 7, 2014. The Company paid RBL $1,567,693 in principal, interest and fees to settle this note. The second note provided for a 15.635 % interest rate
and an assumed balance of the note, which was $1,673,485 at the acquisition date. The note requires monthly payments of $84,584 per
month and is secured by residuals received by a legacy processor of TOT BPS, LLC. The Company assumed an amendment whereby, in
the event of the cash flow ratio, as defined in the loan agreement, is at the end of any calendar month less than 1.7:1 for 3 consecutive
months, then the Company will be obligated to increase the monthly principal and interest payment to be $125,000 until such
time the ratio falls below 1.7:1 for two consecutive months. As of December 31, 2013, the lender has agreed not to accelerate any
payments. In addition the Company was required to accrue and recognize $77,157 of additional restructuring interest. Per subsequent
events in Note 19, the loan has been fully repaid as of April 7, 2014. The Company paid RBL $1,034,150 in principal, interest and
fees to settle this note. F- 27 Capital Sources of New York The Company assumed the outstanding note payable of $2,300,000 in
principal due to Capital Sources of New York. Under the terms of the note, the note is interest only through February 1, 2014,
at which time principal and interest is payable in 24 equal installments of $111,519. The note bears interest at a rate of 15%
per annum. The note is unsecured. The total principal outstanding under the note was $2,300,000 as of December 31, 2013. The Company
has accrued interest related to the note of $234,250 as of December 31, 2013. K 1 Holding Limited On May 14, 2013, the Company executed and delivered to K 1 Holding
Limited (“K1 Holding”) a promissory note, dated May 13, 2013, in the principal amount of $2 million, in connection
with a loan in such amount made by K1 Holding to the Company. Proceeds from the loan are required to be used for general business
purposes of the Company. Since there is no interest stated on this note, the Company used the effective interest method to calculate
imputed interest at an effective rate of 13.25 %. The Company recognized a discount on the loan of $463,358, resulting
in an initial present value of $1,536,642. This discount will be amortized over the life of the loan as interest expense. K1
Holding is an affiliate of Igor Yakovlevich Krutoy. Mr. Krutoy, through K1 Holding, owns a 33 % interest in the Company’s
former subsidiary OOO Music1. At the time the K1 Note was entered into by the Company and
the related loan made by K1 Holding to the Company, the Company was negotiating a letter agreement dated May 13, 2013
with TGR Capital, LLC (a company owned and controlled by Mike Zoi) and K1 Holding. The draft of that letter agreement at that time provided
that, as a condition to K1 Holding making the foregoing loan to the Company and to K1 Holding entering into an agreement to provide
certain business development consulting services to the Company, (i) the Company would issue to K1 Holding a number of restricted
shares of common stock of the Company equal to 2% of the total issued and outstanding shares of common stock of the Company
at the time of issuance and (ii) TGR Capital, LLC would transfer to K1 Holding such number of restricted shares of common stock
of the Company as is needed to bring K1 Holding’s and Mr. Krutoy’s aggregate beneficial ownership of common stock of
the Company to 10% of the total issued and outstanding shares of common stock of the Company at the time of such transfer.
TGR Capital, LLC is an affiliate of Mike Zoi. The foregoing letter agreement was not finalized nor entered into by the parties
at that time. On September 25, 2013, the K1 Note was assumed by T1T Lab in
connection with divesture of entertainment assets on that date. At that time, the parties continued negotiating that letter
agreement and agreed in principal that, pursuant to that letter agreement, (i) the Company would issue to K1 Holding a number of
restricted shares of common stock of the Company equal to 4% (instead of 2% as initially contemplated) of the total issued and
outstanding shares of common stock of the Company at the time of issuance and (ii) TGR Capital, LLC would transfer to K1 Holding
such number of restricted shares of common stock of the Company as is needed to bring K1 Holding's and Mr. Krutoy's aggregate beneficial
ownership of common stock of the Company to 10% of the total issued and outstanding shares of common stock of the Company at the
time of such transfer (decreasing the amount of shares required to be transferred by TGR Capital, LLC to K1 Holding from 8% to
6% of the total issued and outstanding shares of common stock of the Company). On December 5, 2013, the Company entered
into (i) a letter agreement (the "K1 Agreement") with TGR Capital, LLC and K 1 Holding and (ii) a Services Agreement
with K1 Holding (the "Services Agreement"). The K1 Agreement requires the Company to issue to K1 Holding a number of
restricted shares of common stock of the Company equal to 4% of the total issued and outstanding shares of common stock of the
Company at the time of issuance. Mr. Krutoy, through K1 Holding, owns a 33% equity interest in MUSIC 1 LLC (a/k/a OOO Music1),
a former subsidiary of the Company. Further, the K1 Agreement requires TGR Capital, LLC to transfer to K1 Holding such number of
restricted shares of common stock of the Company as is needed to bring K1 Holding's and Mr. Krutoy's aggregate beneficial ownership
of common stock of the Company to 10% of the total issued and outstanding shares of common stock of the Company at the time of
such transfer. The issuance and transfer of such shares of common stock to K1 Holding is consideration for the services to be provided
pursuant to the Services Agreement (as described below) and for making a $2 million loan to the Company that was made on May 14,
2013 (the related promissory note was subsequently assumed by T1T Lab, LLC in connection with the Company's disposition of its
online media subsidiaries to T1T Lab, LLC on September 25, 2013). T1T Lab, LLC is an affiliate of Mike Zoi. The issuance by the
Company of any shares of its common stock to K1 Holding pursuant to the K1 Agreement was approved by the Company’s shareholders
at the 2013 annual meeting of shareholders of the Company. The Services Agreement provides that K1 Holding will provide investor
relations services for the Company and its affiliates outside the United States and that K1 Holding will assist the Company and
its affiliates with future negotiations and maintaining their relationship with Mobile TeleSystems OJSC, MegaFon OJSC, OJSC VimpelCom
(a/k/a Beeline) and their respective affiliates (collectively, the "Mobile Carriers"). The Company's subsidiary, TOT
Money, has agreements to provide mobile payment processing services for electronic payments using SMS (short message services,
which is a text messaging service) and MMS (multimedia message services) initiated by the mobile phone subscribers of each of the
Mobile Carriers in Russia. The term of the Services Agreement expires on December 5, 2015. F- 28 Georgia Notes, LLC Pursuant to the Contribution Agreement entered into by the Company
on April 16, 2013 with Unified Payments, TOT Group, Oleg Firer and Georgia Notes 18 LLC, on January 1, 2014, the preferred membership
interest in Unified Payments plus payable in kind interest accrued thereon was converted into a 8% interest only loan with
a face value of approximately $13.3 million (interest compounding annually with a balloon payment of approximately $13.3 million
due on January 1, 2017). This convertible preferred membership interest is classified as long term debt in the accompanying
consolidated balance sheets, at its present value of $11,098,066, which includes accrued interest, in accordance with the Contribution
Agreement. Scheduled Debt Principal Repayment Scheduled principal repayments on all debt, including Georgia
Notes, LLC as of December 31, 2013 are as follows: 2014 | $ | 3,816,093
2015 | 2,411,407
2016 | 3,746,058
2017 | 13,268,000
Subtotal | $ | 23,241,558
Less: Unamortized debt discount | (2,169,934 | )
Balance as of December 31, 2013 | $ | 21,071,624 NOTE 13. COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES On January 2, 2013, the Company entered into an employment agreement
with Timothy Greenfield whereby Mr. Greenfield is employed as President – Mobile Commerce & Payment Processing. Mr. Greenfield’s
annual salary is $235,000 and he received a $25,000 signing bonus. Mr. Greenfield is entitled to other benefits including
a discretionary bonus, vacation/personal days and participation in the Company’s benefit plan for health insurance. Mr. Greenfield
is entitled to a one-time payment of $100,000 if his at-will employment is terminated for other than cause. On May 10, 2013, the Company entered into a new lease agreement,
which is dated as of May 1, 2013, for approximately 5,200 square feet of office space located at 3363 N.E. 163rd Street,
Suites 705 through 707, North Miami Beach, Florida 33160. The Company moved its corporate headquarters and principal executive
office to this location in June 2013. The term of the lease agreement is from May 1, 2013 through December 31, 2016, with
monthly rent at the rates of $16,800 per month (or $134,400 for the initial eight-month period) for the period from May
1, 2013 through December 31, 2013, $17,640 per month (or $211,680 per year) for the period from January 1, 2014 through
December 31, 2014, $18,522 per month (or $222,264 per year) for the period from January 1, 2015 through December 31,
2015 and $19,448.10 per month (or $233,377.20 per year) for the period from January 1, 2016 through December 31, 2016. F- 29 The Company also leases office space in Russia and the Ukraine.
Total rent expense for these leases was $386,722 and $181,777 for the year ended December 31, 2013 and 2012, respectively.
Future minimum lease payments are $202,317. As discussed in Note 7, the Company entered into a settlement
agreement with the former general director of TOT Money. Pursuant to the agreement, the former general director is to receive profit
sharing of 30 % of the TOT Money profit as adjusted by certain items listed in the settlement agreement if they relevant
for the period. The full amount of the settlement agreement ($3.8 million) has been reserved given the former general director
resigned on February 10, 2014 and we do not believe we will collect this amount. First Data Corporation On July 30, 2013, TOT Payments, LLC, brought an action against
First Data Corporation in the State of New York Supreme Court(Index No. 652663-2013). The amount of damages being sought is $10,000,000 per
cause. In its complaint, TOT Payments claims that the defendant breached its obligations pursuant to a 2006 Marketing Agreement
entered into between Money Movers of America, Inc. (MMOA) and Paymentech, Inc. (the “MMOA Agreement”) to pay MMOA monthly
residual income on various merchant accounts boarded with Paymentech pursuant to the MMOA Agreement. TOT Payments, through
a series of historic transactions, is the successor in interest to the rights and obligations of MMOA in the MMOA Agreement. The
defendant is the successor in interest to Paymentech. On July 15, 2013, the defendant failed to pay to TOT Payments the monthly
residuals otherwise due as the defendant alleges that the MMOA Agreement was lawfully terminated in April 2012 and that the defendant
had 180 days after the termination notice to move the MMOA merchants to a new platform failing which the defendant could withhold
residual payments and that the defendant would own all merchant accounts boarded under the MMOA Agreement. The amount of the unpaid
residuals, are between $150,000 and $250,000 net of all interchange charges. TOT Payments disputes receiving proper
notice and is disputing the rights of the defendant to withhold monthly residuals due. There was an adjournment because of
the motions made in the appellate division. Plaintiffs’ opposition to First Data’s motion to dismiss (for
lack of standing) was filed on October 24, 2013. Defendant's Reply to Plaintiff's opposition was filed October 31, 2013. Defendant's
filed both a memorandum in support and an affirmation in support to dismiss and oral argument was heard November 1, 2013. 
The case was subsequently dismissed and the Company has requested legal counsel to preserve its rights to Appeal the dismissal. F- 30 OOO-RM Invest On March 17, 2014, the Company was served with a lawsuit brought
by OOO-RM Invest in the US District Court, Southern District of Florida. In its complaint, OOO-RM Invest claims that on or about
July 11, 2012 it entered into an “oral agreement” with the Company allegedly agreeing: (a)to form a new entity, TOT
Money International, LTD that would continue the operations of Plaintiff; (b) that the Company would provide TOT Money International,
LTD financing in the amount of 600,000,000 Russian rubles; (c) that the Company would assume certain liabilities of Plaintiff;
(d) that the Company would be responsible for all business operations of Plaintiff and TOT Money International, LTD; (e) that
the Company would deliver the Digital SkyTechnologies ("DST'') account and stated key DST structures to TOT Money International,
LTD; (f) that Plaintiff would receive a 30% ownership stake in TOT Money International, LTD and/or receive shares of stock in
the Company; (g) that Tcahai Hairullaevich Katcaev would hold the position of General Director of TOT Money; (j) Plaintiff would
provide TOT Money International, LTD with access to Plaintiff’s operating accounts; and (h) Plaintiff would transfer client
accounts and contracts to TOT Money. Plaintiff claims that the Company breached its obligations pursuant to that alleged oral
agreement, and is seeking, among other things, compensatory damages in excess of $50 million. The Company strongly denies
the allegations referenced in the complaint and will vigorously defend its interests. C&H Financial Services During February 2014, the Company
was served with a lawsuit filed in the 11th Judicial Circuit Court for Miami-Dade County, Florida, (the “Lawsuit”)
by C&H Financial Services, Inc., (“C&H”), Anthony Holder, (“Holder”) and James Costanzo (“Costanzo”)
- (hereinafter C&H, Holder, and Costanzo are collectively referred to as “Plaintiffs”). The Plaintiffs
allege inter alia that that the Company breached a certain agreement dated July 31, 2013 between the parties relating to certain
merchant payment processing accounts and are seeking judgment and unspecified compensatory damages from the Company. Plaintiffs
are also seeking certain other relief from the Court arising from the said agreement as well as declaratory relief regarding a
disputed non-compete agreement entered into by Holder and Costanzo as former employees of the Company. The Company vigorously
disputes the allegations of the Plaintiffs and has engaged legal counsel to defend the lawsuit. Other Legal Proceedings The Company is also involved in certain
legal proceedings and claims, which arise in the ordinary course of business. In the opinion of the Company, based on consultations
with outside counsel, the results of any of these ordinary course matters, individually and in the aggregate, are not expected
to have a material effect on its results of operations, financial condition, or cash flows. As more information becomes available,
if the Company should determine that an unfavorable outcome is probable on such a claim and that the amount of such probable loss
that it will incur on that claim is reasonably estimable, it will record a reserve for the claim in question. If and when the Company
records such a reserve, it could be material and could adversely impact its results of operations, financial condition, and cash
flows. NOTE 14. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS As of December 31, 2013, the Company had $1,451,357 due
to related parties, consisting primarily of $1,149,391 to T1T Lab, and $301,966 due to Enerfund, LLC (which is wholly-owned
by Mike Zoi, a director and majority stockholder of the Company). The $1,149,391 due to T1T Lab was forgiven in the
first quarter of 2014 in exchange for our 10% interest in T1T Lab (See Subsequent Events Note 19). NOTE 15. STOCKHOLDERS’ EQUITY Subscription Agreements On February 2, 2012, Net Element entered into a
Subscription Agreement with one of its directors, Felix Vulis, pursuant to which Mr. Vulis purchased from the Company for
$100,000: (i) 16,667 shares of common stock of the Company; (ii) a three-year warrant to purchase up to an
additional 16,667 shares of common stock of the Company with an exercise price of $10 per share; (iii) a
three-year warrant to purchase up to an additional 16,667 shares of common stock of the Company with an exercise price
of $20 per share; and (iv) a three-year warrant to purchase up to an additional 16,667 shares of common stock
of the Company with an exercise price of $40 per share. These warrants were cancelled on October 2, 2012 pursuant to the
Merger Agreement with Net Element. The price of the Company’s stock was $13.60 on the date of grant and the
Company recorded a corresponding compensation charge of $806,667 during the year ended December 31, 2012. F- 31 On February 23, 2012, Net Element entered into a Subscription
Agreement pursuant to which it sold 333,333 newly issued shares of common stock of the Company to Kenges Rakishev for
an aggregate purchase price of $2,000,000, or $6.00 per share. In connection with this Subscription Agreement, the Company
recorded a corresponding compensation charge for $1,333,333 to recognize the difference between $6.00 per share and the
market price of the stock on February 23, 2012 of $10.00 per share for the year ended December 31, 2012. On April 6, 2012, the Company entered into a Joint Venture Agreement
with Igor Yakovlevich Krutoy. Pursuant to the Joint Venture Agreement, the parties agreed to form a limited liability company under
the laws of the Russian Federation named Music1 (“Music1 Russia”), which would be owned 67 % by the Company’s
newly formed subsidiary Net Element Russia and 33 % by a newly formed company controlled by Mr. Krutoy which is to be
named K1 Holdings. The general purpose of the Music1 Russia joint venture is to promote the Company’s www.music1.com platform
in the Commonwealth of Independent States (CIS) countries (comprised of participating states of the former Soviet Union). In accordance with the Joint Venture Agreement, on September
6, 2012 Mr. Krutoy entered into a Subscription Agreement to purchase 333,333 shares of Net Element common stock for an
aggregate purchase price of $2 million, which amount was funded on June 6, 2012. A compensation charge of $800,000 was recorded
to recognize the difference between the fair value and contracted value of shares provided for the year ended December 31, 2012. For a nominal amount, K1 Holdings acquired a 33% ownership interest
in Music1 Russia. The Company agreed to contribute to Music1 Russia (i) exclusive, non-assignable, royalty-free, perpetual, world-wide
rights to use and operate the Internet domain www.music1.com (the “Website”), (ii) non-exclusive, non-assignable,
limited, royalty-free, perpetual, world-wide rights to use the Company’s Launchpad computer system technology for the operation
of Internet based contests, (iii) non-exclusive, non-assignable, limited, royalty-free, perpetual, world-wide rights to integrate
the Company’s Music Brain technology into the Website and (iv) not less than $2 million in the form of an interest-free loan
to maintain the operations of Music1 Russia. Mr. Krutoy also agreed to (i) provide monetization opportunities; propositions and
other business development introductions identified by Music1 Russia as having significant business potential and (ii) act as an
advisor and Chairman of the Board of Directors of Music1 Russia for a period of two years. As consideration for such advisory
services and services as Chairman of the Board of Directors of Music1 Russia, the Company agreed to issue Mr. Krutoy 125,000 shares
of restricted stock of the Company, with half of such shares issued to Mr. Krutoy within one month after he becomes Chairman of
Music1 Russia and the other half of such shares issued to Mr. Krutoy within one month after the start of the second calendar year
of his term as Chairman of Music1 Russia. The Company did not issue any shares of restricted stock to Mr. Krutoy. Such obligation
to issue shares of the Company was subsequently modified pursuant to a letter agreement dated December 5, 2013 with TGR Capital,
LLC and K 1 Holding Limited. Such agreement is summarized below. On December 5, 2013, Net Element International,
Inc. (the "Company") entered into (i) a letter agreement (the "K1 Agreement") with TGR Capital, LLC and K
1 Holding Limited ("K1 Holding") and (ii) a Services Agreement with K1 Holding (the "Services Agreement").
The K1 Agreement requires the Company to issue to K1 Holding a number of restricted shares of common stock of the Company equal
to 4% of the total issued and outstanding shares of common stock of the Company at the time of issuance or 1,125,109 shares. This
letter agreement provides that such issuance is in lieu of and will satisfy all obligations to issue any shares or any other equity
interest in the Company or its predecessors or successor to Mr. Krutoy or his affiliates under any previous agreements. Mr. Krutoy,
through K1 Holding, owns a 33% equity interest in MUSIC 1 LLC (a/k/a OOO Music1), a former subsidiary of the Company. The
Company recorded a compensation charge of $2,587,749 for the year ended December 31, 2013. Further, the K1 Agreement requires
TGR Capital, LLC to transfer to K1 Holding such number of restricted shares of common stock of the Company as is needed to bring
K1 Holding's and Mr. Krutoy's aggregate beneficial ownership of common stock of the Company to 10% of the total issued and outstanding
shares of common stock of the Company at the time of such transfer. The issuance and transfer of such shares of common stock to
K1 Holding is consideration for the services to be provided pursuant to the Services Agreement (as described below) and for making
a $2 million loan to the Company that was made on May 14, 2013 (the related promissory note was subsequently assumed by T1T Lab,
LLC in connection with the Company's disposition of its online media subsidiaries to T1T Lab, LLC on September 25, 2013). Each
of TGR Capital, LLC and T1T Lab, LLC is an affiliate of the Company's director and majority shareholder, Mike Zoi. F- 32 The Services Agreement provides that K1
Holding will provide investor relations services for the Company and its affiliates outside the United States and that K1 Holding
will assist the Company and its affiliates with future negotiations and maintaining their relationship with Mobile TeleSystems
OJSC, MegaFon OJSC, OJSC VimpelCom (a/k/a Beeline) and their respective affiliates (collectively, the "Mobile Carriers").
The Company's subsidiary, TOT Money, has agreements to provide mobile payment processing services for electronic payments using
SMS (short message services, which is a text messaging service) and MMS (multimedia message services) initiated by the mobile phone
subscribers of each of the Mobile Carriers in Russia. The term of the Services Agreement expires on December 5, 2015. Other During December 2012, the Company’s Board of Directors
authorized, and the Company announced on December 10, 2012, a plan permitting the repurchase by the Company of up to $2.5 million
of issued and outstanding shares of the Company’s common stock in open market or privately negotiated transactions during
the 24-month period ending December 10, 2014. For the year ended December 31, 2013, the Company repurchased 169,022 shares
of its common stock for $477,936 or an average price of $2.83 per share including 137,207 shares that were
repurchased by the Company in a private transaction outside the parameter of the publicly announced repurchase plan. On September 4, 2013, the Company entered
into a letter agreement, dated as of August 28, 2013, with Oleg Firer, Steven Wolberg, Georgia Notes 18 LLC and Vladimir Sadovskiy,
pursuant to which the Company agreed, subject to approval of the Company's shareholders, to issue such number of shares of Common
Stock of the Company equal to 10% of the Company's issued and outstanding Common Stock as of the date of issuance of such shares
in exchange for the Company's acquisition of the outstanding 10% minority interest in the Company's 90%-owned subsidiary, TOT Group,
Inc. Pursuant to this agreement, the Company is obligated to issue to Mr. Firer (who is Chief Executive Officer and a director
of the Company) 4.5% of the Company's issued and outstanding Common Stock as of the date of issuance of such shares, and to Mr.
Wolberg (who is Chief Legal Officer and Secretary of the Company) 2% of the Company's issued and outstanding Common Stock as of
the date of issuance of such shares. The agreement was subject to shareholder approval which occurred on December 5, 2013. The
Company recorded a compensation charge of $13,305,817 for the year ended December 31, 2013. On September 25, 2013, the Company
entered into a Contribution Agreement with T1T Lab, LLC, a Florida limited liability company ("T1T Lab"), and T1T Group,
LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, pursuant to which, on September 25, 2013, the Company contributed to T1T Lab all of
its membership and participation interests in its subsidiaries Openfilm, LLC, Motorsport, LLC, Splinex, LLC, LegalGuru, LLC and
MUSIC 1 LLC (a/k/a OOO Music1) (collectively, the "Disposed Subsidiaries"). The Disposed Subsidiaries constitute all
of the Company's interests in online media businesses and operations (referred to herein collectively as the Company's "entertainment
assets"). Pursuant to the Contribution Agreement, the Company contributed to T1T Lab all of its membership and participation
interests in the Disposed Subsidiaries and agreed to make an initial capital contribution to T1T Lab in the amount of $1,259,000,
a portion of which may be paid in the form of future services provided by the Company. In exchange for such contributions, the
Company was issued a 10% membership interest in T1T Lab and T1T Lab assumed $2,162,158 in liabilities (including $2,000,000 owed
by the Company to K 1 Holding Limited pursuant to a promissory note dated May 13, 2013) related to the Disposed Subsidiaries. In
addition, all intercompany loans payable by the Disposed Subsidiaries to the Company, on the one hand, and by the Company to the
Disposed Subsidiaries, on the other hand, were forgiven by the Company and T1T Lab (as applicable). Total intercompany loans forgiven
by the Company, net of the total intercompany loans forgiven by the Disposed Subsidiaries, was $9,254,725. The remaining
90% membership interest in T1T Lab is owned by T1T Group, LLC, which is wholly-owned by Enerfund, LLC (which is wholly-owned
by Mike Zoi). On February 11, 2014, Net Element, Inc. (the "Company") executed an Assignment of Membership Interest in
favor of T1T Group, LLC ("T1T Group”). Pursuant to such assignment, the Company transferred to T1T Group all of the
Company’s Interests in T1T LAB, LLC in consideration for the Company being released from all of its obligations to T1T LAB,
LLC (including the obligations to make capital contributions to T1T LAB, LLC). The Company previously owned ten percent (10%) of
the membership interest in T1T LAB, LLC. Upon such assignment, the Company has no further interests or obligations to T1T LAB,
LLC. F- 33 On December 5, 2013, the Board submitted
and the shareholders approved the Net Element International, Inc. 2013 Equity Incentive Plan (the "2013 Plan"). The purpose
of the 2013 Plan is to encourage and enable employees, independent contractors and directors of the Company and its subsidiaries
to acquire a proprietary interest in the Company through the ownership of the Company's Common Stock and other rights with respect
to the Company's Common Stock. Such ownership is intended to provide such employees, independent contractors and directors with
a more direct stake in the future welfare of the Company. It is also expected that the 2013 Plan will encourage qualified persons
to seek and accept employment with the Company and its subsidiaries and to become and remain directors of the Company. Awards under
the 2013 Plan may be granted in any one or all of the following forms: (i) incentive stock options ("Incentive Stock Options")
meeting the requirements of Section 422 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the "Code"); (ii) non-qualified
stock options ("Non-Qualified Stock Options") (unless otherwise indicated, references to "Options" include
both Incentive Stock Options and Non-Qualified Stock Options); (iii) stock appreciation rights ("Stock Appreciation Rights"),
which may be awarded either in tandem with Options ("Tandem Stock Appreciation Rights") or on a stand-alone basis ("Nontandem
Stock Appreciation Rights"); (iv) shares of Common Stock that are restricted ("Restricted Shares"); (v) units representing
shares of Common Stock ("Performance Shares"); (vi) units that do not represent shares of Common Stock but which may
be paid in the form of Common Stock ("Performance Units"); and (vii) shares of Common Stock that are not subject to any
conditions to vesting ("Unrestricted Shares"). The maximum aggregate number of shares of Common Stock available for award
under the 2013 Plan is 5,630,000, subject to adjustment as provided for in the 2013 Plan. Shares of Common Stock issued pursuant
to the 2013 Plan may be either authorized but unissued shares or issued shares reacquired by the Company. In the event that prior
to the end of the period during which Options may be granted under the 2013 Plan, any Option or any Nontandem Stock Appreciation
Right under the 2013 Plan expires unexercised or is terminated, surrendered or cancelled (other than in connection with the exercise
of Stock Appreciation Rights) without being exercised in whole or in part for any reason, or any Restricted Shares, Performance
Shares or Performance Units are forfeited, or if such awards are settled in cash in lieu of shares of Common Stock, then such shares
will be available for subsequent awards under the 2013 Plan. The 2013 Plan will be administered by the compensation committee.
The compensation committee will have the power and authority to, among other things: (i) grant Options and determine the purchase
price of the Common Stock covered by each Option, the term of each Option, the number of shares of Common Stock to be covered by
each Option and any performance objectives or vesting standards applicable to each Option; (ii) designate Options as Incentive
Stock Options or Non-Qualified Stock Options and determine which Options, if any, will be accompanied by Tandem Stock Appreciation
Rights; (iii) grant Tandem Stock Appreciation Rights and Nontandem Stock Appreciation Rights and determine the terms and conditions
of such rights; (iv) grant Restricted Shares and determine the terms of the restricted period and other conditions and restrictions
applicable to such shares; (v) grant Performance Shares and Performance Units and determine the performance objectives, performance
periods and other conditions applicable to such shares or units; (vi) grant Unrestricted Shares; and (vii) determine the employees,
independent contractors and directors to whom, and the time or times at which, Options, Stock Appreciation Rights, Restricted Shares,
Performance Shares, Performance Units and Unrestricted Shares will be granted. Awards may be made to all employees, independent
contractors (including persons other than individuals) and directors of the Company or any of its subsidiaries. In determining
the employees, independent contractors and directors to whom awards will be granted and the number to be covered by each award,
the compensation committee will take into account the nature of the services rendered by such employees, independent contractors
and directors, their present and potential contributions to the success of the Company and its subsidiaries and such other factors
as the compensation committee deems relevant. On December 5, 2013, shareholders approved
the issuance of 75,000 shares to Curtis Wolfe. On May 10, 2013, the Company entered into a Settlement, Separation Agreement and
General Release (the "Separation Agreement") with Curtis Wolfe. A copy of the Separation Agreement is attached as Appendix
"B" hereto. Mr. Wolfe is a former employee and the former Secretary of the Company and he is the Chief Executive Officer
and Chairman of our 70%-owned subsidiary, LegalGuru LLC. Mr. Wolfe also owns the remaining 30% interest in LegalGuru LLC through
Lobos Advisors, LLC (a company of which Mr. Wolfe is the President and managing member). Mr. Wolfe's employment with the Company
was effectively terminated as of February 15, 2013 since that is that is the approximate date when Mr. Wolfe discontinued providing
services to the Company, although he continued to hold the position of Secretary of the Company until April 10, 2013. Pursuant
to the Separation Agreement, the Company agreed, subject to the approval of shareholders at the annual meeting, to issue to Mr.
Wolfe 75,000 shares of Common Stock of the Company as severance and compensation for his service as an employee of the Company
until February 15, 2013. The Company agreed that Mr. Wolfe would have piggyback registration rights with respect to these shares
of Common Stock. The Company recorded a compensation charge of $356,250 for the year ended December 31, 2013. F- 34 During 2013, the Company issued common
stock to the members of its Board of Directors and recorded a compensation charge of $300,004. NOTE 16. WARRANTS At December 31, 2013, the Company had 8,938,900 warrants
outstanding (as a result of 1,100 warrants exercised during 2012) with a weighted average exercise price of $7.50 and
a weighted average contract term of 3.75 years. These warrants have no value as of December 31, 2013 and 2012. On January 22, 2013, the Company filed a post-effective amendment
on Form S-3 to its registration statement on Form S-4 (File No. 333-182076), as subsequently amended, in order to register the
issuance and sale by the Company of up to 4,600,000 shares of common stock upon the exercise of warrants that were originally
issued by the Company (then known as Cazador Acquisition Corporation Ltd.) in connection with its initial public offering, which
warrants became exercisable upon the consummation of the transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement between the Company
and Net Element dated as of June 12, 2012. Each warrant entitles the holder thereof to purchase one share of common stock upon
payment of the exercise price of $7.50 per share. As of the date this Report was filed with the Commission, that post-effective
amendment has not been declared effective by the Commission. On February 12, 2013, the Company filed a registration statement
on Form S-3 (File No. 333-186621), as subsequently amended, in order to register (i) the resale from time to time by the selling
security holders identified therein of up to 4,340,000 warrants that were originally issued by the Company (then known
as Cazador Acquisition Corporation Ltd.) to Cazador Sub Holdings Ltd. in connection with a private placement prior to the Company’s
initial public offering and that became exercisable beginning on April 2, 2013 , and (ii) the issuance and sale by the
Company of up to 4,340,000 shares of common stock upon exercise of such warrants. Each warrant entitles the holder thereof to purchase
one share of common stock upon payment of the exercise price of $7.50 per share. As of the date this Report was filed with
the Commission, that registration statement has not been declared effective by the Commission. Of the 4,340,000 warrants issued,
Francesco Piovanetti (the former Chief Executive Officer and a former director of the Company) and David P. Kelley II (a current
director of the Company) own 3,609,631 and 14,000 warrants, respectively, to purchase an aggregate of 3,623,631 shares
of the Company’s common stock. NOTE 17. INCOME TAXES The components of loss from
continuing operations before income tax provision are as follows: December 31, | December 31,
2013 | 2012 (as restated)
United States | $ | (38,963,263 | ) | $ | (12,148,458 | )
Foreign | (8,922,473 | ) | (919,325 | )
$ | (47,885,736 | ) | $ | (13,067,783 | ) There was no U.S. current or deferred
income tax provision for the years ended December 31, 2013 and 2012. There was a current foreign tax provision of $213,284
and $155,683 for the years ended December 31, 2013 and 2012. The following is a reconciliation of the
effective income tax rate with the U.S. federal statutory income tax rate at December 31, 2013 and December 31, 2012: December 31, | December 31,
2013 | 2012 (as restated)
U. S. Federal statutory income tax rate | 34.0 | % | 34.0 | %
State income tax, net of federal tax benefit | 1.7 | % | 1.9 | %
Compensation related permanent differences | -11.8 | % | -16.2 | %
Difference in foreign tax rates | -0.9 | % | -1.6 | %
Nondeductible provision for loan losses | -4.5 | % | -
Change in uncertain tax liabilities | -0.4 | % | -
Increase in valuation allowance | -18.5 | % | -19.3 | %
Effective income tax rate | -0.4 | % | -1.2 | % F- 35 The effective tax rate on operations
of 0.4% at December 31, 2013 varied from the statutory rate of 34%, primarily due to the permanent difference related to
non-cash compensation, provision for loan losses, and the increase in our valuation
allowance. Significant components of our deferred
tax assets and liabilities as of December 31, 2013 and December 31, 2012 are as follows: December 31, | December 31,
2013 | 2012 (as restated)
Deferred tax assets:
Net operating loss carry forwards | $ | 12,343,403 | $ | 9,722,855
Basis difference in goodwill | 3,917,676 | -
Share based compensation | - | 72,940
Basis difference in intangible assets | 648,940 | 104,464
Allowance for bad debt (US) | 480,515 | -
Valuation allowance for deferred tax assets | (17,371,908 | ) | (9,841,545 | )
Total deferred tax assets | 18,626 | 58,714
Deferred tax liabilities:
Basis difference in fixed assets | (18,626 | ) | (13,180 | )
Basis difference in intangible assets | - | (45,534 | )
Total deferred tax liabilities | (18,626 | ) | (58,714 | )
Net deferred taxes | $ | - | $ | - Deferred income taxes reflect the net tax
effects of temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities for financial reporting purposes and the
amounts of assets and liabilities used for income tax purposes. At December 31, 2013 and December 31, 2012, we had cumulative federal
net operating losses (“NOLs”) carry forwards of approximately $32.8 million and $25.0 million, respectively. We also
have $20.9 million and $13.2 million in state NOLs and $10.1 million and $1.5 in foreign NOLs as of December 31, 2013 and 2012,
respectively. The valuation allowance was increased by $7.5 million in fiscal year 2013. The fiscal 2013 increase was primarily
related to additional operating loss incurred, and difference in tax and book basis of goodwill. We have considered all the evidence,
both positive and negative, that the NOLs and other deferred tax assets may not be realized and have recorded a valuation allowance
for $17.4 million. The federal NOLs begin to expire in December 2025 while the state NOLs begin to expire in 2025 and foreign NOLs
begin to expire in 2023. The Company’s ability to utilize NOL carryforwards
to reduce future federal taxable income and federal income tax of the Company is subject to various limitations under
Internal Revenue Code (“IRC”) Section 382. The utilization of such carryforwards may be limited upon the
occurrence of certain ownership changes, including the issuance or exercise of rights to acquire stock, the purchase or sale
of stock by 5% stockholders, as defined in the Treasury regulations, and the offering of stock of Net Element, Inc. during
any three-year period resulting in an aggregate change of more than 50% in the beneficial ownership of Net Element, Inc. The
Company experienced ownership changes within the meaning of IRC Section 382 during the past three years which on an aggregate
basis, exceeded 50%. The Company has NOL carryforwards will be limited in future years, due to IRC Section 382
limitations. The limitation does not result in a current federal tax liability for the year ended December 31,
2013. The Company reassesses its income tax positions and records
tax benefits for all years subject to examination based upon its evaluation of the facts, circumstances and information available
at the reporting date. For those tax positions where it is more-likely-than-not that a tax benefit will be sustained, the Company
has recorded the largest amount of tax benefit with a greater than 50% likelihood of being realized upon ultimate settlement with
a taxing authority that has full knowledge of all relevant information. For those income tax positions where it is not more-likely-than-not
that a tax benefit will be sustained, no tax benefit has been recognized in the Company’s financial statements. F- 36 The Company had no unrecognized tax benefits as of December
31, 2012. The Company had approximately $200,000 in gross increase in unrecognized tax positions for the year ended December 31,
2013, that if recognized, would affect the Company’s annual effective tax rate. The Company recognizes interest and penalties
accrued related to unrecognized tax benefits as income tax expense as a component of the income tax (benefit) expense in the Company’s
Consolidated Statements of Operations and the corresponding liability is included in accrued expenses in its Consolidated Balance
Sheets. The amount of interest and penalties recognized by the Company in the years ended December 31, 2013 was minimal. NOTE 18. SEGMENT INFORMATION The Company previously owned several popular content monetization
verticals (i.e., interests in online media businesses and operations) that were divested during the quarter ended September 30,
2013 (see Note 5 for additional information regarding this divestiture). As a result of this divestiture, the Company now has only
one reportable business segment, consisting of mobile commerce and payment processing. Operations of the divested businesses are
presented as discontinued operations in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss. NOTE 19. SUBSEQUENT EVENTS On February 11, 2014, Net Element, Inc. (the "Company")
executed an Assignment of Membership Interest in favor of T1T Group, LLC ("T1T Group”). Pursuant to such assignment,
the Company transferred to T1T Group all of the Company’s Interests in T1T LAB, LLC in consideration for the Company being
released from all of its obligations to T1T LAB, LLC (including the obligations to make capital contributions to T1T LAB, LLC).
The Company previously owned ten percent (10%) of the membership interest in T1T LAB, LLC. Upon such assignment, the Company has
no further interests or obligations to T1T LAB, LLC. Oleg Firer, previously appointed as an “Executive” of T1T LAB,
LLC, resigned his position with that entity effective February 11, 2014. On February 8, 2014, Dmitry Kozko, who was previously in charge
of operations of certain entities that were recently divested by the Company, formally resigned as Director and Officer of the
Company. On March 17, 2014, the Company was served with a lawsuit brought
by OOO-RM Invest in the US District Court, Southern District of Florida. In its complaint, OOO-RM Invest claims that on or about
July 11, 2012 it entered into an “oral agreement” with the Company allegedly agreeing: (a) to form a new entity, TOT
Money International, LTD that would continue the operations of Plaintiff; (b) that the Company would provide TOT Money International,
LTD financing in the amount of 600,000,000 Russian rubles; (c) that the Company would assume certain liabilities of Plaintiff;
(d) that the Company would be responsible for all business operations of Plaintiff and TOT Money International, LTD; (e) that the
Company would deliver the Digital SkyTechnologies ("DST'') account and stated key DST structures to TOT Money International,
LTD; (f) that Plaintiff would receive a 30% ownership stake in TOT Money International, LTD and/or receive shares of stock in the
Company; (g) that Tcahai Hairullaevich Katcaev would hold the position of General Director of TOT Money; (j) Plaintiff would provide
TOT Money International, LTD with access to Plaintiff’s operating accounts; and (h) Plaintiff would transfer client accounts
and contracts to TOT Money. Plaintiff claims that the Company breached its obligations pursuant to that alleged oral agreement,
and is seeking, among other things, compensatory damages in excess of $50 million. The Company strongly denies the allegations
referenced in the complaint and will vigorously defend its interests. On April 7, 2014 the Company paid off and satisfied its debts
with RBL Capital corp., which consisted of two notes: One note with a remaining principal balance of $1,416,926 as March 31, 2014
and one note with a principal balance of $934,030 as of March 31, 2014. The note with the principal balance of $1,416,926 provided for
the payoff of restructuring interest accrued in the amount of $92,239. The loan pay off also provided for pro rata interest in
the amount of $16,020 and a prepayment premium in the amount of $42,508, which was also charge to interest expense. The total payoff
for this note amounted to $1,567,693. The note required monthly payments of $77,560 in principal and interest at 15.636%, plus
an additional 5% in restructuring interest, to be accrued from January, 2013 through March 2015 to total $106,856. F- 37 A second note with the principal balance of $934,030 provided
for the payoff of restructuring interest accrued in the amount of $90,615. The loan payoff also provided for pro rata interest
in the amount of $9,505 and had no prepayment premium. The total payoff of this note amounted to $1,034,150. The note required
monthly payments of $84,584 in principal and interest plus an additional 5% restructuring interest, to be accrued from January
2013 through March 2015 to total $116,533. The Company is currently
negotiating an $11.2 million convertible note with Cayman Invest, SA. The draft terms of the agreement call for an interest
rate of 0% and in the event of default a 12% rate, maturity date of March 31, 2015 and certain conversion features.
The automatic conversion feature provides for 15% of fully diluted shares to be issued upon the Company raising $10 million
in qualified financing from a third party. Cayman Invest, SA can also convert, at their sole discretion, under the same terms
at any time. Although the terms and agreement have not been fully agreed to, Cayman Invest, SA has advanced $6,180,000
between January 1 and April 15, 2014 in anticipation of the signing of the convertible loan agreement. F- 38 EXHIBIT INDEX Exhibit No. | Description of Exhibit
2.1 | Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of June 12, 2012, by and between Cazador Acquisition Corporation Ltd. and Net Element, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on June 12, 2012)
2.2 | Contribution Agreement, dated April 16, 2013, among Net Element International, Inc., Unified Payments, LLC, TOT Group, Inc., Oleg Firer, and Georgia Notes 18 LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on April 17, 2013.
2.3 | Term Sheet, dated May 20, 2013, among TOT Group, Inc., Net Element International, Inc. and Aptito.com, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on May 22, 2013)
2.4 | Asset Purchase Agreement, dated June 18, 2013, between Aptito, LLC and Aptito.com, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on June 24, 2013)
2.5 | Letter of Intent, dated June 27, 2013, among TOT Group, Inc., Net Element International, Inc., Quickpay USA, Inc., UPC-Kazakhstan, LLP, United Processing System of Panama, Inc., Quickpay Multinational Payment System LTD, MPS, LLC, MPS, LTD, Quickpay Columbia SAS, System Quickpay, LLC and Express MIT, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on July 3, 2013)
2.6 | Contribution Agreement, dated September 25, 2013, among T1T Lab, LLC, Net Element International, Inc. and T1T Group, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on September 25, 2013)
2.7* | Assignment of Membership Interest, dated February 11, 2014, among T1T Group, LLC, Net Element, Inc., and T1T LAB, LLC
3.1 | Certificate of Corporate Domestication of Cazador, filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware on October 2, 2012 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on October 5, 2012)
3.2 | Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Net Element International, Inc., a Delaware corporation, filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware on October 2, 2012 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on October 5, 2012)
3.3 | Amended and Restated Bylaws of Net Element International, Inc., a Delaware corporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.3 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on October 5, 2012)
3.4 | Certificate of Merger, filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware on October 2, 2012 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.4 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on October 5, 2012)
3.5 | Certificate of Amendment to Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation, dated December 5, 2013, changing the Company’s name from Net Element International, Inc. to Net Element, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on December 6, 2013) 60 4.1 | Specimen Common Stock Certificate of Net Element International, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Registration Statement on Form S-4 filed by the Company with the Commission on August 31, 2012)
4.2 | Warrant Certificate of Cazador Acquisition Corporation Ltd. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to the Registration Statement on Form F-1 filed by the Company with the Commission on September 3, 2010)
4.3 | Registration Rights Agreement by and between Cazador Acquisition Corporation Ltd., Cazador Sub Holdings Ltd. and Others (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Registration Statement, as amended, on Form F-1/A filed by the Company with the Commission on October 6, 2010)
4.4 | Warrant Agreement by and between Cazador Acquisition Corporation Ltd. and Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.4 to the Registration Statement, as amended, on Form F-1/A filed by the Company with the Commission on October 6, 2010)
10.1 | Form of Indemnification Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.9 to the Registration Statement on Form F-1 filed by the Company with the Commission on September 3, 2010)
10.2 | Memorandum of Understanding, dated March 23, 2012, by and between Cazador Acquisition Corporation Ltd. and Cazador Sub-Holdings Ltd. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.10 to the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2011, filed with the Commission on March 30, 2012)
10.3 | Lease Agreement, dated October 8, 2010, between Net Element, Inc. and 1450 South Miami, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Net Element’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on March 1, 2012)
10.4 | Amendment, dated November 16, 2011, between Net Element, Inc. and 1450 South Miami, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to Net Element’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on March 1, 2012) 10.5 | Second Amendment, dated September 28, 2012, between Net Element, Inc. and 1450 South Miami, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Commission on April 12, 2013)
10.6 | Third Amendment, dated October 31, 2012, between Net Element, Inc. and 1450 South Miami, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Commission on April 12, 2013)
10.7 | Fourth Amendment, dated November 30, 2012, between Net Element, Inc. and 1450 South Miami, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 to the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Commission on April 12, 2013)
10.8 | Fifth Amendment, dated December 31, 2012, between Net Element, Inc. and 1450 South Miami, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.8 to the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Commission on April 12, 2013)
10.9 | Membership Interest Purchase Agreement (Motorsport) dated as of February 1, 2011 between Enerfund, LLC and the Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.29 to the Company’s Transition Report on Form 10-KT/A filed with the Commission on February 3, 2011)
10.10 | Amendment, dated as of January 10, 2012, among Motorsport, LLC, Tom Haapanen, Jack Durbin, Nancy Schilke and Eric Gilbert (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 21.1 to the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Commission on March 30, 2012) 61 10.11# | Letter Agreement, dated June 6, 2012, between Net Element, Inc. and Richard Lappenbusch, amending and restating the Offer Letter dated February 13, 2011 between Net Element, Inc. and Richard Lappenbusch (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to Net Element’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on June 11, 2012)
10.12# | Separation Agreement and General Release, dated November 16, 2012, between Net Element International, Inc. and Richard Lappenbusch (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on November 23, 2012)
10.13 | Amended and Restated Guru Joint Venture Agreement, dated as of December 31, 2011, between Net Element, Inc. and Curtis Wolfe (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Net Element’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on April 30, 2012)
10.14 | Limited Liability Company Operating Agreement of LegalGuru LLC, dated effective as of March 31, 2011, among LegalGuru LLC, Net Element, Inc. and Lobos Advisors, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to Net Element’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on April 30, 2012)
10.15 | Joint Venture Agreement, dated April 6, 2012, between Net Element, Inc. and Igor Yakovlevich Krutoy (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Net Element’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on April 12, 2012)
10.16 | Promissory Note and Loan Agreement, dated May 14, 2012, between Enerfund, LLC and Net Element, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.10 to Net Element’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended March 31, 2012, filed with the Commission on May 15, 2012)
10.17 | Loan Agreement, dated June 26, 2012, between Green Venture Group, LLC and OOO Net Element Russia (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Net Element’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on July 2, 2012)
10.18 | Loan Agreement, dated July 4, 2012, between OOO Sat-Moscow and OOO Net Element Russia (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Net Element’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on July 10, 2012)
10.19 | Credit Agreement, dated August 17, 2012, between Alpha-Bank and OOO TOT Money (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Net Element’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on August 23, 2012) 10.20 | Agreement of Property Rights Pledge, dated August 17, 2012, between Alpha-Bank and OOO TOT Money (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to Net Element’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on August 23, 2012)
10.21 | General Agreement No. TR-0672 on General Conditions of Financing against Assignment of Monetary Claim (Factoring) within Russia, dated September 19, 2012, between Alpha-Bank and OOO TOT Money (including related supplementary agreements) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on October 10, 2012)
10.22 | Supplemental Agreements dated September 19, 2012, which amend the General Agreement No. TR-0672 on General Conditions of Financing against Assignment of Monetary Claim (Factoring) within Russia, dated September 19, 2012, between Alpha-Bank and OOO TOT Money
10.23# | Management and Consulting Services Agreement, dated October 24, 2012, between Bond Street Management LLC and Net Element International Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on October 30, 2012)
10.24 | Agreement on transfer of rights and obligations, dated July 1, 2012, among Mobile Telesystems OJSC, OOO RM-Invest and OOO TOT Money, with respect to Contract No. D0811373, dated July 1, 2008, between Mobile Telesystems OJSC and OOO RM-Invest (Net Element International, Inc. is requesting confidential treatment of certain information which has been omitted from this Agreement. The omitted information has been separately filed with the SEC.) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.33 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on November 19, 2012) 62 10.25 | Contract No. D0811373, dated July 1, 2008, between Mobile Telesystems OJSC and OOO RM-Invest (including material supplementary agreements related thereto) (Net Element International, Inc. is requesting confidential treatment of certain information which has been omitted from Contract No. D0811373 and certain of the material supplementary agreements related thereto. The omitted information has been separately filed with the SEC.) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.34 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on November 19, 2012)
10.26 | Contract No. CPA-86, dated September 1, 2012, between OJSC Megafon and OOO TOT Money (Net Element International, Inc. is requesting confidential treatment of certain information which has been omitted from Contract No. CPA-86. The omitted information has been separately filed with the SEC.) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.35 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on November 19, 2012)
10.27 | Contract No. 0382, dated September 20, 2012, between OJSC VimpelCom and OOO TOT Money (including Supplementary Agreement No. 1 thereto) (Net Element International, Inc. is requesting confidential treatment of certain information which has been omitted from Contract No. 0382 and Supplementary Agreement No. 1 thereto. The omitted information has been separately filed with the SEC.) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.35 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on November 19, 2012)
10.28 | Loan Agreement, dated November 26, 2012, between Net Element International, Inc. and Infratont Equities Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on November 30, 2012)
10.29 | Term Sheet, dated March 8, 2013, between Unified Payments, LLC and Net Element International, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on March 12, 2013)
10.30 | Loan Agreement, dated March 8, 2013, among Net Element International, Inc., Unified Payments, LLC, Oleg Firer and Georgia Notes 18 LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on March 12, 2013) 10.31 | Form of Secured Revolving Note made by Unified Payments, LLC and payable to Net Element International, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on March 12, 2013)
10.32 | Non-Recourse Guaranty, dated March 8, 2013, by Oleg Firer and Georgia Notes 18 LLC for the benefit of Net Element International, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on March 12, 2013)
10.33 | Pledge Agreement, dated March 8, 2013, among Oleg Firer, Georgia Notes 18 LLC and Net Element International, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on March 12, 2013)
10.34 | Loan Agreement, dated July 12, 2012, between OOO TOT Money and OOO RM Invest, as amended on July 30, 2012, August 17, 2012 and February 25, 2013 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.34 to the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Commission on April 12, 2013) 63 10.35 | Termination Agreement for Management and Consulting Agreement, dated April 15, 2013, between Net Element International, Inc. and Bond Street Management LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on April 17, 2013)
10.36 | Form of Indemnification Agreement for executive officers, entered into between Net Element International, Inc. and each of Jonathan New, Dmitry Kozko, and Francesco Piovanetti (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.8 to the Company’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended March 31, 2013, filed with the Commission on May 15, 2013)
10.37 | Contract No. CPA/ML-17, dated March 1, 2013, between ZAO MegaLabs and OOO TOT Money (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.9 to the Company’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended March 31, 2013, filed with the Commission on May 15, 2013) (Net Element, Inc. is requesting confidential treatment of certain information which has been omitted from Contract No. CPA/ML-17. The omitted information has been separately filed with the Commission.)
10.38 | Commercial Lease, dated May 1, 2013, between BGC LLC and Net Element International, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Company’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended June 30, 2013, filed with the Commission on August 19, 2013)
10.39 | Promissory Note, dated May 13, 2013, in the original principal amount of $2 million made by Net Element International, Inc. and payable to K1 Holding Limited (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 to the Company’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended June 30, 2013, filed with the Commission on August 19, 2013)
10.40 | LegalGuru Restructuring Binding Term Sheet, dated May 10, 2013, among Net Element International, Inc., LegalGuru, LLC and Curtis Wolfe (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Company’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended June 30, 2013, filed with the Commission on August 19, 2013)
10.41# | Letter Agreement, dated January 14, 2013, among OOO TOT Money, Tcahai Hairullaevich Katcaev and Varwood Holdings Limited (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended June 30, 2013, filed with the Commission on August 19, 2013)
10.42# | Letter Agreement, dated July 1, 2013, among OOO TOT Money, OOO NETE, Net Element International, Inc. and Tcahai Hairullaevich Katcaev (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended June 30, 2013, filed with the Commission on August 19, 2013)
10.43# | Settlement, Separation Agreement and General Release, dated May 10, 2013, between Net Element International, Inc. and Curtis Wolfe (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to the Company’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended June 30, 2013, filed with the Commission on August 19, 2013)
10.44 | Letter Agreement, dated August 28, 2013, among Net Element International, Inc., Oleg Firer, Steven Wolberg, Vladimir Sadovskiy, Georgia Notes 18, LLC, Kenges Rakishev and Mike Zoi (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on September 10, 2013)
10.45 | Services Agreement, dated December 5, 2013, between Net Element International, Inc. an K 1 Holding Limited (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on December 6, 2013)
10.46 | Letter Agreement, dated December 5, 2013, among TGR Capital, LLC, Net Element International, Inc. and K 1 Holding Limited (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on December 6, 2013)
16.1 | Letter regarding change in certifying accountant from Daszkal Bolton LLP to the Securities and Exchange Commission, dated November 21, 2012 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on November 26, 2012) 64 21.1* | List of Subsidiaries
23.1* | Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm
31.1* | Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) or Rule 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
31.2* | Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) or Rule 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
32.1* | Certification of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. § 1350
101** | The following financial information from the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2013, formatted in XBRL (eXtensible Business Reporting Language), is furnished electronically herewith: (i) Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2013 and 2012; (ii) Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Loss for the Years Ended December 31, 2013 and 2012; (iii) Consolidated Statement of Changes in Stockholders’ Equity (Deficit) for the Years Ended December 31, 2013 and 2012; (iv) Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended December 31, 2013 and 2012; and (v) Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. ____________________ # Indicates management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement. * Filed herewith. ** XBRL (Extensible Business Reporting Language) information
is furnished and not filed or a part of a registration statement or prospectus for purposes of Sections 11 or 12 of the Securities
Act of 1933, as amended, is deemed not filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and
otherwise is not subject to liability under these sections. 65