S-1/A 1 fs12018a1_tuscanholdings.htm AMENDMENT NO. 1 TO FORM S-1 As filed
with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 26, 2019 Registration
No. 333-229657 UNITED
STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 AMENDMENT
NO. 1 TO FORM
S-1 REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933 TUSCAN
HOLDINGS CORP. (Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter) Delaware | 6770 | 83-2530757
(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) | (Primary Standard Industrial Classification Code Number) | (I.R.S. Employer Identification Number) Stephen
A. Vogel, Chief Executive Officer Tuscan
Holdings Corp. 135
E. 57th St. , 18th Floor New
York, NY 10022 (646)
948-7100 (Address, including zip code, and telephone number, including area
code, of registrant’s principal executive offices) Stephen
A. Vogel, Chief Executive Officer Tuscan
Holdings Corp. 135
E. 57th St. , 18th Floor New
York, NY 10022 (646)
948-7100 (Name,
address, including zip code, and telephone number, including area code, of agent for service) Copies
to: David Alan Miller, Esq. Jeffrey M. Gallant, Esq. Graubard Miller The Chrysler Building 405 Lexington Avenue New York, New York 10174 (212) 818-8800 (212) 818-8881 — Facsimile | Douglas S. Ellenoff, Esq. Stuart Neuhauser, Esq. Ellenoff Grossman & Schole LLP 1345 Avenue of the Americas New York, New York 10105 (212) 370-1300 (212) 370-7889 — Facsimile Approximate
date of commencement of proposed sale to the public: As soon as practicable after the effective date of this registration
statement. If
any of the securities being registered on this Form are to be offered on a delayed or continuous basis pursuant to Rule 415 under
the Securities Act of 1933 check the following box. ☐ If
this Form is filed to register additional securities for an offering pursuant to Rule 462(b) under the Securities Act, please
check the following box and list the Securities Act registration statement number of the earlier effective registration statement
for the same offering. ☐ If
this Form is a post-effective amendment filed pursuant to Rule 462(c) under the Securities Act, check the following box and list
the Securities Act registration statement number of the earlier effective registration statement for the same offering. ☐ If
this Form is a post-effective amendment filed pursuant to Rule 462(d) under the Securities Act, check the following box and list
the Securities Act registration statement number of the earlier effective registration statement for the same offering. ☐ Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting
company or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of “large accelerated filer,” “accelerated filer,”
“smaller reporting company” and “emerging growth company” in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. Large accelerated filer ☐ | Accelerated filer ☐
Non-accelerated filer ☒ | Smaller reporting company ☒
Emerging growth company ☒ If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for
complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the Securities Act.
☐ CALCULATION
OF REGISTRATION FEE Title of each Class of Security being registered | Amount being Registered | Proposed Maximum Offering Price Per Security (1) | Proposed Maximum Aggregate Offering Price (1) | Amount of Registration Fee
Units, each consisting of one share of common stock, $.0001 par value, and one Warrant (2) | 23,000,000 Units | $ | 10.00 | $ | 230,000,000 | $ | 27,876
Shares of common stock included as part of the Units (3) | 23,000,000 Shares | — | — | — | ​ (4)
Redeemable Warrants included as part of the Units (3) | 23,000,000 Warrants | — | — | — | ​ (4)
Total | $ | 230,000,000 | $ | 27,876 | (5) (1) | Estimated solely for the purpose of calculating the registration fee.
(2) | Includes 3,000,000 Units, 3,000,000 shares of common stock and 3,000,000 Redeemable Warrants underlying such Units which may be issued on exercise of a 45-day option granted to the underwriter.
(3) | Pursuant to Rule 416, there are also being registered an indeterminable number of additional securities as may be issued to prevent dilution resulting from stock splits, stock dividends or similar transactions.
(4) | No fee pursuant to Rule 457(g).
(5) | Previously Paid. The
registrant hereby amends this registration statement on such date or dates as may be necessary to delay its effective date until
the registrant shall file a further amendment which specifically states that this registration statement shall thereafter become
effective in accordance with Section 8(a) of the Securities Act of 1933 or until the registration statement shall become effective
on such date as the Commission, acting pursuant to said Section 8(a), may determine. EXPLANATORY
NOTE: This
amendment to the Registration Statement is being filed solely to include certain exhibits. PART
II INFORMATION
NOT REQUIRED IN PROSPECTUS ITEM
13. OTHER EXPENSES OF ISSUANCE AND DISTRIBUTION. The
estimated expenses payable by us in connection with the offering described in this registration statement (other than the underwriting
discount and commissions) will be as follows: SEC expenses | $ | 27,876
FINRA expenses | 35,000
Accounting fees and expenses | 40,000
Printing and engraving expenses | 40,000
Legal fees and expenses | 250,000
Stock exchange listing and filing fees | 75,000
Miscellaneous | 132,124
Total | $ | 600,000 ITEM
14. INDEMNIFICATION OF DIRECTORS AND OFFICERS. Our
certificate of incorporation provides that all directors, officers, employees and agents of the registrant shall be entitled to
be indemnified by us to the fullest extent permitted by Section 145 of the Delaware General Corporation Law. Section
145 of the Delaware General Corporation Law concerning indemnification of officers, directors, employees and agents is set forth
below. “Section
145. Indemnification of officers, directors, employees and agents; insurance. (a) | A corporation shall have power to indemnify any person who was or is a party or is threatened to be made a party to any threatened, pending or completed action, suit or proceeding, whether civil, criminal, administrative or investigative (other than an action by or in the right of the corporation) by reason of the fact that the person is or was a director, officer, employee or agent of the corporation, or is or was serving at the request of the corporation as a director, officer, employee or agent of another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise, against expenses (including attorneys’ fees), judgments, fines and amounts paid in settlement actually and reasonably incurred by the person in connection with such action, suit or proceeding if the person acted in good faith and in a manner the person reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the corporation, and, with respect to any criminal action or proceeding, had no reasonable cause to believe the person’s conduct was unlawful. The termination of any action, suit or proceeding by judgment, order, settlement, conviction, or upon a plea of nolo contendere or its equivalent, shall not, of itself, create a presumption that the person did not act in good faith and in a manner which the person reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the corporation, and, with respect to any criminal action or proceeding, had reasonable cause to believe that the person’s conduct was unlawful. (b) | A corporation shall have power to indemnify any person who was or is a party or is threatened to be made a party to any threatened, pending or completed action or suit by or in the right of the corporation to procure a judgment in its favor by reason of the fact that the person is or was a director, officer, employee or agent of the corporation, or is or was serving at the request of the corporation as a director, officer, employee or agent of another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise against expenses (including attorneys’ fees) actually and reasonably incurred by the person in connection with the defense or settlement of such action or suit if the person acted in good faith and in a manner the person reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the corporation and except that no indemnification shall be made in respect of any claim, issue or matter as to which such person shall have been adjudged to be liable to the corporation unless and only to the extent that the Court of Chancery or the court in which such action or suit was brought shall determine upon application that, despite the adjudication of liability but in view of all the circumstances of the case, such person is fairly and reasonably entitled to indemnity for such expenses which the Court of Chancery or such other court shall deem proper. II- 1 (c) | To the extent that a present or former director or officer of a corporation has been successful on the merits or otherwise in defense of any action, suit or proceeding referred to in subsections (a) and (b) of this section, or in defense of any claim, issue or matter therein, such person shall be indemnified against expenses (including attorneys’ fees) actually and reasonably incurred by such person in connection therewith. (d) | Any indemnification under subsections (a) and (b) of this section (unless ordered by a court) shall be made by the corporation only as authorized in the specific case upon a determination that indemnification of the present or former director, officer, employee or agent is proper in the circumstances because the person has met the applicable standard of conduct set forth in subsections (a) and (b) of this section. Such determination shall be made, with respect to a person who is a director or officer at the time of such determination, (1) by a majority vote of the directors who are not parties to such action, suit or proceeding, even though less than a quorum, or (2) by a committee of such directors designated by majority vote of such directors, even though less than a quorum, or (3) if there are no such directors, or if such directors so direct, by independent legal counsel in a written opinion, or (4) by the stockholders. (e) | Expenses (including attorneys’ fees) incurred by an officer or director in defending any civil, criminal, administrative or investigative action, suit or proceeding may be paid by the corporation in advance of the final disposition of such action, suit or proceeding upon receipt of an undertaking by or on behalf of such director or officer to repay such amount if it shall ultimately be determined that such person is not entitled to be indemnified by the corporation as authorized in this section. Such expenses (including attorneys’ fees) incurred by former directors and officers or other employees and agents may be so paid upon such terms and conditions, if any, as the corporation deems appropriate. (f) | The indemnification and advancement of expenses provided by, or granted pursuant to, the other subsections of this section shall not be deemed exclusive of any other rights to which those seeking indemnification or advancement of expenses may be entitled under any bylaw, agreement, vote of stockholders or disinterested directors or otherwise, both as to action in such person’s official capacity and as to action in another capacity while holding such office. (g) | A corporation shall have power to purchase and maintain insurance on behalf of any person who is or was director, officer, employee or agent of the corporation, or is or was serving at the request of the corporation as a director, officer, employee or agent of another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise against any liability asserted against such person and incurred by such person in any such capacity, or arising out of such person’s status as such, whether or not the corporation would have the power to indemnify such person against such liability under this section. (h) | For purposes of this section, references to “the corporation” shall include, in addition to the resulting corporation, any constituent corporation (including any constituent of a constituent) absorbed in a consolidation or merger which, if its separate existence had continued, would have had power and authority to indemnify its directors, officers, and employees or agents, so that any person who is or was a director, officer, employee or agent of such constituent corporation, or is or was serving at the request of such constituent corporation as a director, officer, employee or agent of another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise, shall stand in the same position under this section with respect to the resulting or surviving corporation as such person would have with respect to such constituent corporation if its separate existence had continued. (i) | For purposes of this section, references to “other enterprises” shall include employee benefit plans; references to “fines” shall include any excise taxes assessed on a person with respect to any employee benefit plan; and references to “serving at the request of the corporation” shall include any service as a director, officer, employee or agent of the corporation which imposes duties on, or involves services by, such director, officer, employee or agent with respect to an employee benefit plan, its participants or beneficiaries; and a person who acted in good faith and in a manner such person reasonably believed to be in the interest of the participants and beneficiaries of an employee benefit plan shall be deemed to have acted in a manner “not opposed to the best interests of the corporation” as referred to in this section. II- 2 (j) | The indemnification and advancement of expenses provided by, or granted pursuant to, this section shall, unless otherwise provided when authorized or ratified, continue as to a person who has ceased to be a director, officer, employee or agent and shall inure to the benefit of the heirs, executors and administrators of such a person. (k) | The Court of Chancery is hereby vested with exclusive jurisdiction to hear and determine all actions for advancement of expenses or indemnification brought under this section or under any bylaw, agreement, vote of stockholders or disinterested directors, or otherwise. The Court of Chancery may summarily determine a corporation’s obligation to advance expenses (including attorneys’ fees).”
Insofar as indemnification for liabilities arising under the Securities Act may be permitted to our directors, officers, and controlling persons pursuant to the foregoing provisions, or otherwise, we have been advised that, in the opinion of the SEC, such indemnification is against public policy as expressed in the Securities Act and is, therefore, unenforceable. In the event that a claim for indemnification against such liabilities (other than the payment of expenses incurred or paid by a director, officer or controlling person in a successful defense of any action, suit or proceeding) is asserted by such director, officer or controlling person in connection with the securities being registered, we will, unless in the opinion of its counsel the matter has been settled by controlling precedent, submit to the court of appropriate jurisdiction the question whether such indemnification by it is against public policy as expressed in the Securities Act and will be governed by the final adjudication of such issue. Paragraph
B of Article Eighth of our certificate of incorporation provides: “The
Corporation, to the full extent permitted by Section 145 of the GCL, as amended from time to time, shall indemnify all persons
whom it may indemnify pursuant thereto. Expenses (including attorneys’ fees) incurred by an officer or director in defending
any civil, criminal, administrative, or investigative action, suit or proceeding for which such officer or director may be entitled
to indemnification hereunder shall be paid by the Corporation in advance of the final disposition of such action, suit or proceeding
upon receipt of an undertaking by or on behalf of such director or officer to repay such amount if it shall ultimately be determined
that he is not entitled to be indemnified by the Corporation as authorized hereby.” Pursuant
to the Underwriting Agreement filed as Exhibit 1.1 to this Registration Statement, we have agreed to indemnify the Underwriter
and the Underwriter has agreed to indemnify us against certain civil liabilities that may be incurred in connection with this
offering, including certain liabilities under the Securities Act. ITEM
15. RECENT SALES OF UNREGISTERED SECURITIES. (a) During
the past three years, we sold the following shares of common stock without registration under the Securities Act: Shareholders | Number of Shares
Stephen A. Vogel | 5,750,000 Such
shares were issued in November 2018 in connection with our organization pursuant to the exemption from registration contained
in Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act as the shares were sold to an accredited investor. The shares issued were sold for an
aggregate offering price of $25,000 at an average purchase price of approximately $0.004 per share. We
also issued 150,000 shares to EBC Holdings, Inc., 50,000 shares to David Nussbaum and 50,000 shares to Steven Levine, all affiliates
of EarlyBirdCapital, Inc., in November 2018 pursuant to the exemption from registration contained in Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities
Act as the shares were issued to accredited investors. The shares issued were issued with a value of $0.0001 per share. The
Company’s sponsor and EarlyBirdCapital, Inc. have also committed that they and/or their designees will purchase 535,000
units at $10.00 per unit (or $5,350,000), or 595,000 units at $10.00 per unit (or $5,950,000) if the underwriter’s option
to purchase additional units is exercised in full. This purchase will take place on a private placement basis simultaneously with
the consummation of the initial public offering. These issuances will be made pursuant to the exemption from registration contained
in Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act. No
underwriting discounts or commissions were paid with respect to such sales. II- 3 ITEM
16. EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES. (a) The
following exhibits are filed as part of this Registration Statement: Exhibit No. | Description
1.1 | Form of Underwriting Agreement.
1.2 | Form of Business Combination Marketing Agreement.
3.1 | Certificate of Incorporation.*
3.2 | Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation.
3.3 | Bylaws.*
4.1 | Specimen Unit Certificate.
4.2 | Specimen Common Stock Certificate.
4.3 | Specimen Warrant Certificate.
4.4 | Form of Warrant Agreement between Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company and the Registrant.
5.1 | Opinion of Graubard Miller
10.1 | Form of Letter Agreement from each of the Registrant’s sponsor, initial stockholders, officers and directors.
10.2 | Form of Investment Management Trust Agreement between Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company and the Registrant.
10.3 | Promissory Note.*
10.4 | Form of Registration Rights Agreement.
10.5.1 | Subscription agreement for private units by Tuscan Holdings Acquisition LLC.
10.5.2 | Subscription agreement for private units by EarlyBirdCapital, Inc.
10.6 | Form of Stock Escrow Agreement.
14 | Code of Ethics.
23.1 | Consent of Marcum LLP.*
23.2 | Consent of Graubard Miller (included in Exhibit 5.1).
24 | Power of Attorney (included on signature page of this Registration Statement).
99.1 | Audit committee charter.
99.2 | Compensation committee charter.
99.3 | Nominating committee charter. * Previously
filed. II- 4 ITEM
17. UNDERTAKINGS. (a) | The undersigned registrant hereby undertakes: (1) | To file, during any period in which offers or sales are being made, a post-effective amendment to this registration statement: i. | To include any prospectus required by Section 10(a)(3) of the Securities Act of 1933; ii. | To reflect in the prospectus any facts or events arising after the effective date of the registration statement (or the most recent post-effective amendment thereof) which, individually or in the aggregate, represent a fundamental change in the information set forth in the registration statement. Notwithstanding the foregoing, any increase or decrease in volume of securities offered (if the total dollar value of securities offered would not exceed that which was registered) and any deviation from the low or high end of the estimated maximum offering range may be reflected in the form of prospectus filed with the Commission pursuant to Rule 424(b) if, in the aggregate, the changes in volume and price represent no more than 20 percent change in the maximum aggregate offering price set forth in the “Calculation of Registration Fee” table in the effective registration statement; iii. | To include any material information with respect to the plan of distribution not previously disclosed in the registration statement or any material change to such information in the registration statement. (2) | That, for the purpose of determining any liability under the Securities Act of 1933, each such post-effective amendment shall be deemed to be a new registration statement relating to the securities offered therein, and the offering of such securities at that time shall be deemed to be the initial bona fide offering thereof. (3) | To remove from registration by means of a post-effective amendment any of the securities being registered which remain unsold at the termination of the offering. (4) | That for the purpose of determining any liability under the Securities Act of 1933 in a primary offering of securities of the undersigned registrant pursuant to this registration statement, regardless of the underwriting method used to sell the securities to the purchaser, if the securities are offered or sold to such purchaser by means of any of the following communications, the undersigned registrant will be a seller to the purchaser and will be considered to offer or sell such securities to such purchaser: (i) | Any preliminary prospectus or prospectus of the undersigned registrant relating to the offering required to be filed pursuant to Rule 424; (ii) | Any free writing prospectus relating to the offering prepared by or on behalf of the undersigned registrant or used or referred to by the undersigned registrant; (iii) | The portion of any other free writing prospectus relating to the offering containing material information about the undersigned registrant or its securities provided by or on behalf of the undersigned registrant; and (iv) | Any other communication that is an offer in the offering made by the undersigned registrant to the purchaser. (b) | The undersigned hereby undertakes to provide to the underwriter at the closing specified in the underwriting agreements, certificates in such denominations and registered in such names as required by the underwriter to permit prompt delivery to each purchaser. (c) | Insofar as indemnification for liabilities arising under the Securities Act of 1933 may be permitted to directors, officers and controlling persons of the registrant pursuant to the foregoing provisions, or otherwise, the registrant has been advised that in the opinion of the Securities and Exchange Commission such indemnification is against public policy as expressed in the Act and is, therefore, unenforceable. In the event that a claim for indemnification against such liabilities (other than the payment by the registrant of expenses incurred or paid by a director, officer or controlling person of the registrant in the successful defense of any action, suit or proceeding) is asserted by such director, officer or controlling person in connection with the securities being registered, the registrant will, unless in the opinion of its counsel the matter has been settled by controlling precedent, submit to a court of appropriate jurisdiction the question whether such indemnification by it is against public policy as expressed in the Act and will be governed by the final adjudication of such issue. (d) | The undersigned registrant hereby undertakes that: (1) | For purposes of determining any liability under the Securities Act of 1933, the information omitted from the form of prospectus filed as part of this registration statement in reliance upon Rule 430A and contained in a form of prospectus filed by the registrant pursuant to Rule 424(b)(1) or (4) or 497(h) under the Securities Act shall be deemed to be part of this registration statement as of the time it was declared effective. (2) | For the purpose of determining any liability under the Securities Act of 1933, each post-effective amendment that contains a form of prospectus shall be deemed to be a new registration statement relating to the securities offered therein, and the offering of such securities at that time shall be deemed to be the initial bona fide offering thereof. II- 5 SIGNATURES Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, the registrant has duly caused this registration statement to be signed on
its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized, in New York, New York, on the 26 th day of February, 2019. TUSCAN HOLDINGS CORP.
By: | /s/ Stephen A. Vogel
Name: | Stephen A. Vogel
Title: | Chief Executive Officer POWER
OF ATTORNEY KNOW
ALL MEN BY THESE PRESENTS, that each person whose signature appears below constitutes and appoints Stephen A. Vogel his true and
lawful attorney-in-fact, with full power of substitution and resubstitution for him and in his name, place and stead, in any and
all capacities to sign any and all amendments including pre- and post-effective amendments to this registration statement, any
subsequent registration statement for the same offering which may be filed pursuant to Rule 462(b) under the Securities Act of
1933, as amended, and pre- or post-effective amendments thereto, and to file the same, with all exhibits thereto, and other documents
in connection therewith, with the Securities and Exchange Commission, hereby ratifying and confirming all that said attorney-in-fact
or his substitute, each acting alone, may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue thereof. Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, this Registration Statement has been signed by the following persons in the
capacities and on the dates indicated. Name | Position | Date
/s/ Stephen A. Vogel | Chairman and Chief Executive Officer | February 26, 2019
Stephen A. Vogel | (Principal Executive Officer)
/s/ Ruth Epstein | President, Chief Financial Officer | February 26, 2019
Ruth Epstein | (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) and Director
* | Director | February 26, 2019
Stefan M. Selig
* | Director | February 26, 2019
Richard O. Rieger
* | Director | February 26, 2019
Amy Butte
* | Director | February 26, 2019
Holly Zimmerman
* | Director | February 26, 2019
Michael B. Auerbach * By Stephen A. Vogel, Power of Attorney II-6