8-K 1 ea138750-8k_tuscanhold.htm CURRENT REPORT UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 FORM 8-K CURRENT REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported):
March 31, 2021 TUSCAN HOLDINGS CORP. (Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in its
Charter) Delaware | 001-38826 | 83-2530757
(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation) | (Commission file number) | (IRS Employer Identification No.) 135 E. 57 th Street,
18 th Floor New York, NY 10022 (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip
Code) Registrant’s telephone number, including
area code: (646) 948-7100 Not Applicable (Former Name, or Former Address, if Changed
Since Last Report) Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K
filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions: ☐ | Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425) ☒ | Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12) ☐ | Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b)) ☐ | Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c)) Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Title of each class | Trading Symbol(s) | Name of each exchange on which registered
Units, each consisting of one share of common stock and one-half of one redeemable warrant | THCBU | The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC
Common stock, par value $0.0001 per share | THCB | The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC
Redeemable warrants, exercisable for shares of common stock at an exercise price of $11.50 per share | THCBW | The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (§230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (§240.12b-2 of this chapter). Emerging growth company ☒ If an emerging growth company, indicate by check
mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting
standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. ☐ Item 8.01 Other Events. Attached as Exhibit 99.1 to
this Current Report on Form 8-K and incorporated herein by reference is a press release issued on March 31, 2021 by Tuscan Holdings Corp. Additional Information and Where to Find It This
Current Report on Form 8-K relates to the previously announced Business Combination Agreement (the “BCA”), dated as of February
1, 2021, among Tuscan Holdings Corp., a Delaware corporation (“Parent”), TSCN Merger Sub Inc., a newly formed Delaware corporation
and wholly owned subsidiary of Parent (“Merger Sub”), and the Company (the “Merger” and, together with the other
transactions related thereto, the “Proposed Transaction”). In connection with the Proposed Transaction involving Parent and
the Company, Parent intends to file relevant materials with the SEC, including a proxy statement. On February 16, 2021 Tuscan filed a
preliminary proxy statement with the SEC relating to the Proposed Transaction. This document is not a substitute for the proxy statement.
INVESTORS AND SECURITY HOLDERS AND OTHER INTERESTED PARTIES ARE URGED TO READ THE PROXY STATEMENT AND ANY OTHER RELEVANT DOCUMENTS THAT
ARE FILED OR WILL BE FILED WITH THE SEC, AS WELL AS ANY AMENDMENTS OR SUPPLEMENTS TO THESE DOCUMENTS, CAREFULLY AND IN THEIR ENTIRETY
WHEN THEY BECOME AVAILABLE BECAUSE THEY WILL CONTAIN IMPORTANT INFORMATION ABOUT PARENT, THE COMPANY, THE PROPOSED TRANSACTION AND RELATED
MATTERS. The proxy statement and other documents relating to the Proposed Transaction (when they are available) can be obtained free
of charge from the SEC’s website at www.sec.gov. These documents (when they are available) can also be obtained free of charge
from Parent upon written request to Parent at: Tuscan Holdings Corp., 135 E. 57th St., 17th Floor, New York, NY 10022. No Offer or Solicitation This Current Report on Form
8-K is for informational purposes only and is not intended to and shall not constitute a proxy statement or the solicitation of a proxy,
consent or authorization with respect to any securities or in respect of the Proposed Transaction and is not intended to and shall not
constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy or subscribe for any securities
or a solicitation of any vote of approval, nor shall there be any sale, issuance or transfer of securities in any jurisdiction in which
such offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under the securities laws of any such jurisdiction. Participants in Solicitation This Current Report on Form
8-K is not a solicitation of a proxy from any investor or securityholder. However, Parent, the Company, and certain of their directors
and executive officers may be deemed to be participants in the solicitation of proxies in connection with the Proposed Transaction under
the rules of the SEC. Information about Parent’s directors and executive officers and their ownership of Parent’s securities
is set forth in Parent’s filings with the SEC, including Parent’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December
31, 2020, which was filed with the SEC on March 25, 2021. To the extent that holdings of Parent’s securities have changed since
the amounts printed in Parent’s proxy statement, such changes have been or will be reflected on Statements of Change in Ownership
on Form 4 filed with the SEC. Additional information regarding the participants will also be included in the proxy statement, when it
becomes available. When available, these documents can be obtained free of charge from the sources indicated above. Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements This Current Report on Form
8-K contains “forward-looking statements” within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Such
statements include, but are not limited to, statements about future financial and operating results, our plans, objectives, expectations
and intentions with respect to future operations, products and services; and other statements identified by words such as “will
likely result,” “are expected to,” “will continue,” “is anticipated,” “estimated,”
“believe,” “intend,” “plan,” “projection,” “outlook” or words of similar meaning.
These forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, statements regarding the Company’s industry and market sizes,
future opportunities for Parent, the Company and the combined company, Parent’s and the Company’s estimated future results
and the Proposed Transaction, including the implied enterprise value, the expected transaction and ownership structure and the likelihood
and ability of the parties to successfully consummate the Proposed Transaction. Such forward-looking statements are based upon the current
beliefs and expectations of our management and are inherently subject to significant business, economic and competitive uncertainties
and contingencies, many of which are difficult to predict and generally beyond our control. Actual results and the timing of events may
differ materially from the results anticipated in these forward-looking statements. 1 In addition to factors previously
disclosed in Parent’s reports filed with the SEC and those identified elsewhere in this communication, the following factors, among
others, could cause actual results and the timing of events to differ materially from the anticipated results or other expectations expressed
in the forward-looking statements: (1) inability to complete the Proposed Transaction or, if Parent does not complete the Proposed Transaction,
any other business combination; (2) the inability to complete the Proposed Transaction due to the failure to meet the closing conditions
to the Proposed Transaction, including the inability to obtain approval of Parent’s stockholders, the inability to consummate the
contemplated PIPE financing, the failure to achieve the minimum amount of cash available following any redemptions by Parent stockholders,
the failure to meet the Nasdaq listing standards in connection with the consummation of the Proposed Transaction, or the occurrence of
any event, change or other circumstances that could give rise to the termination of the definitive agreement; (3) costs related to the
Proposed Transaction; (4) a delay or failure to realize the expected benefits from the Proposed Transaction; (5) risks related to disruption
of management time from ongoing business operations due to the Proposed Transaction; (6) the impact of the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic;
(7) changes in the highly competitive market in which the Company competes, including with respect to its competitive landscape, technology
evolution or regulatory changes; (8) changes in the markets that the Company targets; (9) risk that the Company may not be able to execute
its growth strategies or achieve profitability; (10) the risk that the Company is unable to secure or protect its intellectual property;
(11) the risk that the Company’s customers or third-party suppliers are unable to meet their obligations fully or in a timely manner;
(12) the risk that the Company’s customers will adjust, cancel or suspend their orders for the Company’s products; (13) the
risk that the Company will need to raise additional capital to execute its business plan, which may not be available on acceptable terms
or at all; (14) the risk of product liability or regulatory lawsuits or proceedings relating to the Company’s products or services,
and (15) the risk that the Company may not be able to develop and maintain effective internal controls; (16) the outcome of any legal
proceedings that may be instituted against Parent, the Company or any of their respective directors or officers following the announcement
of the Proposed Combination; (17) risks of operations in the People’s Republic of China; and (18) the failure to realize anticipated
pro forma results and underlying assumptions, including with respect to estimated stockholder redemptions and purchase price and other
adjustments. Actual results, performance
or achievements may differ materially, and potentially adversely, from any projections and forward-looking statements and the assumptions
on which those forward-looking statements are based. There can be no assurance that the data contained herein is reflective of future
performance to any degree. You are cautioned not to place undue reliance on forward-looking statements as a predictor of future performance
as projected financial information and other information are based on estimates and assumptions that are inherently subject to various
significant risks, uncertainties and other factors, many of which are beyond our control. All information set forth herein speaks only
as of the date hereof in the case of information about Parent and the Company or the date of such information in the case of information
from persons other than Parent or the Company, and we disclaim any intention or obligation to update any forward-looking statements as
a result of developments occurring after the date of this communication. Forecasts and estimates regarding The Company’s industry
and end markets are based on sources we believe to be reliable, however there can be no assurance these forecasts and estimates will prove
accurate in whole or in part. Annualized, pro forma, projected and estimated numbers are used for illustrative purpose only, are not forecasts
and may not reflect actual results. Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits. (d) | Exhibits. 99.1 | Press Release, dated March 31, 2021. 2 SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized. TUSCAN HOLDINGS CORP.
Date: March 31, 2021 | By: | /s/ Stephen A. Vogel
Name: | Stephen A. Vogel
Title: | Chief Executive Officer 3