UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 FORM 10-K ☒ Annual
Report Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 For the year ended December 31, 2020 Commission File Number 001-38826 TUSCAN HOLDINGS CORP. (Exact name of registrant as specified in
its charter) Delaware | 83-2530757
(State or Other Jurisdiction of Incorporation) | (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.)
135 E. 57th St. , 18th Floor New York , NY | 10022
(Address of principal executive offices) | (zip code) (646) 948-7100 (Issuer’s Telephone Number, Including
Area Code) Securities registered pursuant to Section
12(b) of the Act: Title of Each Class | Trading Symbol(s) | Name of Each Exchange on Which Registered
Units, each consisting of one share of common stock and one redeemable warrant | THCBU | The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC
Common stock, par value $0.0001 per share | THCB | The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC
Redeemable warrants, exercisable for shares of common stock at an exercise price of $11.50 per share | THCBW | The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC Securities registered pursuant to Section
12(g) of the Act: None Indicate by check mark if the registrant
is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes ☐ No ☒ Indicate by check mark if the registrant
is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act. Yes ☐ No ☒ Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
(1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act of 1934 during the past 12 months (or
for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirement
for the past 90 days. Yes ☒ No ☐ Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during
the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). Yes ☒ No ☐ Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or emerging growth company.
See the definitions of “large accelerated filer,” “accelerated filer,” “smaller reporting company,”
and “emerging growth company” in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. Large accelerated filer ☐ | Accelerated filer ☐
Non-accelerated filer ☒ | Smaller reporting company ☒
Emerging growth company ☒ If an emerging growth company, indicate
by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial
accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. ☐ Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has filed a report on and attestation to its management’s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial
reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared
or issued its audit report. ☐ Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes ☒ No ☐ The aggregate market value of the common
stock outstanding, other than shares held by persons who may be deemed affiliates of the registrant, computed by reference to the
closing price for the common stock as of the last business day of the registrant’s most recently completed second fiscal
quarter ($10.23 as of June 30, 2020), as reported on the Nasdaq Capital Market, was approximately $ 282,348,000 . As of March 23, 2021, 35,483,802 shares
of common stock, par value $0.0001 per share, were issued and outstanding. Documents Incorporated by Reference: None. CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING
STATEMENTS; RISK FACTORS SUMMARY This annual report, including, without
limitation, statements under the heading “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of
Operations,” includes forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act and Section 21E
of the Exchange Act. These forward-looking statements can be identified by the use of forward-looking terminology, including the
words “believes,” “estimates,” “anticipates,” “expects,” “intends,”
“plans,” “may,” “will,” “potential,” “projects,” “predicts,”
“continue,” or “should,” or, in each case, their negative or other variations or comparable terminology.
There can be no assurance that actual results will not materially differ from expectations. Such statements include, but are not
limited to, any statements relating to our ability to consummate any acquisition or other business combination and any other statements
that are not statements of current or historical facts. These statements are based on management’s current expectations,
but actual results may differ materially due to various factors, including, but not limited to our: ● | ability to complete our initial business combination; ● | success in retaining or recruiting, or changes required in, our officers, key employees or directors following an initial business combination; ● | officers and directors allocating their time to other businesses and potentially having conflicts of interest with our business or in approving our initial business combination, as a result of which they would then receive expense reimbursements; ● | potential ability to obtain additional financing to complete an initial business combination; ● | pool of prospective target businesses; ● | failure to maintain the listing on, or the delisting of our securities from, the Nasdaq Capital Market (“Nasdaq”) or an inability to have our securities listed on Nasdaq or another national securities exchange following our initial business combination; ● | the ability of our officers and directors to generate a number of potential investment opportunities; ● | potential change in control if we acquire one or more target businesses for stock; ● | public securities’ potential liquidity and trading; ● | lack of a market for our securities; ● | use of proceeds not held in the trust account or available to us from interest income on the trust account balance; or ● | our financial performance. The forward-looking statements contained
in this annual report are based on our current expectations and beliefs concerning future developments and their potential effects
on us. Future developments affecting us may not be those that we have anticipated. These forward-looking statements involve a number
of risks, uncertainties (some of which are beyond our control) and other assumptions that may cause actual results or performance
to be materially different from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. These risks and uncertainties include,
but are not limited to, those factors described under the heading “ Item 1A, Risk Factors .” Should one or more
of these risks or uncertainties materialize, or should any of our assumptions prove incorrect, actual results may vary in material
respects from those projected in these forward-looking statements. We undertake no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking
statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as may be required under applicable securities
laws. These risks and others described under “ Item 1A, Risk Factors ” may not be exhaustive. By their nature, forward-looking statements
involve risks and uncertainties because they relate to events and depend on circumstances that may or may not occur in the future.
We caution you that forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and that our actual results of operations,
financial condition and liquidity, and developments in the industry in which we operate may differ materially from those made in
or suggested by the forward-looking statements contained in this annual report. In addition, even if our results or operations,
financial condition and liquidity, and developments in the industry in which we operate are consistent with the forward-looking
statements contained in this annual report, those results or developments may not be indicative of results or developments in subsequent
periods. Risk Factors Summary Investors should consider
the risks and uncertainties described below that may affect our business and future financial performance. These and other risks
and uncertainties are more fully described in “ Item 1A, Risk Factors ” in this Form 10-K. Additional risks not
presently known to us or that we currently deem immaterial may also affect us. If any of these risks occur, our business, financial
condition or results of operations could be materially and adversely affected. As more fully set forth
under “ Item 1A, Risk Factors ” in this Form 10-K, principal risks and uncertainties that may affect our business,
financial condition or results of operations include the following risks: ● | We may not be able to complete our initial business combination by April 30, 2021 (or such later date as may be approved by our stockholders), in which case we would cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, and we would redeem our public shares for a pro rata portion of the funds in the trust account, and we would liquidate. In such event, our warrants would expire worthless. ● | Your only opportunity to affect the investment decision regarding a potential business combination may be limited to the exercise of your right to convert your shares to cash. ● | Tuscan Holdings Acquisition LLC, our Sponsor, controls a substantial interest in us and thus may influence certain actions requiring a stockholder vote. ● | The ability of our public stockholders to exercise their conversion rights or sell their shares to us in a tender offer may not allow us to effectuate the most desirable business combination or optimize our capital structure. ● | We may require stockholders who wish to convert their shares in connection with a proposed business combination to comply with specific requirements for conversion that may make it more difficult for them to exercise their conversion rights. ● | We may issue additional shares of capital stock or debt securities to complete a business combination, which would reduce the equity interest of our stockholders and likely cause a change in control of our ownership. ● | We may be unable to obtain additional financing, if required, to complete a business combination or to fund the operations and growth of the target business. ● | We may not obtain a fairness opinion with respect to the target business that we seek to acquire and therefore you may be relying solely on the judgment of our board of directors in approving a proposed business combination. ● | Resources could be wasted in researching acquisitions that are not completed, which could materially adversely affect subsequent attempts to locate and acquire or merge with another business. ● | Our search for a business combination, and any target business with which we ultimately consummate a business combination, may be materially adversely affected by the recent coronavirus (COVID-19) outbreak and other events, and the status of debt and equity markets. ● | We may have a limited ability to assess the management of a prospective target business and, as a result, may complete our initial business combination with a target business whose management may not have the skills, qualifications or abilities to manage a public company. ● | If we consummate a business combination with a target company with assets located outside of the United States, our results of operations and prospects could be subject to the economic, political, and legal policies, developments, and conditions in the country in which we operate. Further, exchange rate fluctuations and currency policies may cause our ability to succeed in the international markets to be diminished. ● | There may be tax consequences to our business combinations that may adversely affect us. ● | Our officers and directors presently have fiduciary or contractual obligations to other entities and, accordingly, may have conflicts of interest in determining to which entity a particular business opportunity should be presented. ● | Our officers and directors may have interests in a potential business combination that are different than yours, which may create conflicts of interest. ● | We may amend the terms of the warrants in a manner that may be adverse to holders of public warrants with the approval by a majority of the then outstanding warrants. ● | We may redeem your unexpired warrants prior to their exercise at a time that is disadvantageous to you, thereby making your warrants worthless. ● | Nasdaq may delist our securities from trading on its exchange, which could limit investors’ ability to make transactions in our securities and subject us to additional trading restrictions. ● | If third parties bring claims against us, and if our directors decide not to enforce the indemnification obligations of the Sponsor, or if the Sponsor does not have the funds to indemnify us, the proceeds held in the trust account could be reduced and the per-share redemption amount received by stockholders may be less than $10.00 per share. ● | Provisions in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and bylaws and Delaware law may inhibit a takeover of us, which could limit the price investors might be willing to pay in the future for our common stock and could entrench management. ● | Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides, subject to limited exceptions, that the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware is the sole and exclusive forum for certain stockholder litigation matters, which could limit our stockholders’ ability to obtain a favorable judicial forum for disputes with us or our directors, officers, employees or stockholders. ● | Our stockholders may be held liable for claims by third parties against us to the extent of distributions received by them upon redemption of their shares. ● | We are a newly formed company with no operating history, and, accordingly, you have no basis on which to evaluate our ability to achieve our business objective. ● | If we are deemed to be an investment company under the Investment Company Act, we may be required to institute burdensome compliance requirements and our activities may be restricted, which may make it difficult for us to complete our initial business combination. ● | We are an emerging growth company and smaller reporting company within the meaning of the Securities Act, and if we take advantage of certain exemptions from disclosure requirements available to emerging growth companies, this could make our securities less attractive to investors and may make it more difficult to compare our performance with other public companies. TUSCAN HOLDINGS CORP. FORM 10-K TABLE OF CONTENTS PART I | 1
Item 1. | Business. | 1
Item 1A. | Risk Factors. | 12
Item 1B. | Unresolved Staff Comments. | 28
Item 2. | Properties. | 28
Item 3. | Legal Proceedings. | 28
Item 4. | Mine Safety Disclosures. | 28
PART II | 29
Item 5. | Market for Registrant’s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. | 29
Item 6. | Selected Financial Data. | 29
Item 7. | Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. | 30
Item 7A. | Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk. | 34
Item 8. | Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. | 34
Item 9. | Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosures. | 34
Item 9A. | Controls and Procedures. | 35
Item 9B. | Other Information. | 35
PART III | 36
Item 10. | Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance. | 36
Item 11. | Executive Compensation. | 40
Item 12. | Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. | 41
Item 13. | Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence. | 42
Item 14. | Principal Accounting Fees and Services. | 44
PART IV
Item 15. | Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules. | 44
Item 16. | Form 10-K Summary. | 45 i PART I ITEM 1. BUSINESS In this Annual Report
on Form 10-K (the “Form 10-K”), references to “Tuscan,” the “Company” and to “we,”
“us,” and “our” refer to Tuscan Holdings Corp. We are a blank check
company formed under the laws of the State of Delaware on November 5, 2018. We were formed for the purpose of entering into a merger,
share exchange, asset acquisition, stock purchase, recapitalization, reorganization or other similar business combination with
one or more businesses or entities. On February 1, 2021, we entered into an agreement and plan of merger (the “Merger Agreement”)
with Microvast, Inc., a Delaware corporation (“Microvast”) and TSCN Merger Sub Inc., a newly formed Delaware corporation
and wholly owned subsidiary of ours (“Merger Sub”). The terms of the Merger Agreement are discussed in more detail
below. Prior to executing the Merger Agreement, our activities were limited to organization activities, the completion of our initial
public offering, and the evaluation of possible business combination candidates. Formation and Initial
Public Offering In November 2018, we
issued an aggregate of 5,750,000 shares (“founders’ shares”) of our common stock, par value $0.0001 per share
(“common stock”) for an aggregate purchase price of $25,000, or approximately $0.004 per share, to our initial stockholders.
In March 2019, we effectuated a stock dividend of 0.2 shares of common stock for each outstanding share of common stock, resulting
in our initial stockholders holding an aggregate of 6,900,000 founders’ shares. In November 2018, we
also issued to designees of EarlyBirdCapital, Inc., the representative of the underwriters in our initial public offering (“IPO”),
an aggregate of 300,000 shares of common stock (after giving effect to the stock dividend referred to above) (“representative
shares”) at a price of $0.0001 per share. On March 7, 2019, we
consummated the IPO of 24,000,000 units. Each unit consists of one share of common stock and one redeemable warrant, with each
warrant entitling the holder to purchase one share of common stock at a price of $11.50 per share. The units were sold at an offering
price of $10.00 per unit, generating gross proceeds of $240,000,000. We refer to the shares underlying the units sold in our IPO
as our “Public Shares.” Simultaneously with
the consummation of the IPO, we consummated the private placement (“Private Placement”) of 615,000 Units (“Private
Units”) at a price of $10.00 per Private Unit, generating total proceeds of $6,150,000. The Private Units were sold to Tuscan
Holdings Acquisition LLC, our Sponsor, and EarlyBirdCapital and its designees. The Private Units are identical to the units sold
in the IPO, except that the warrants underlying the Private Units are non-redeemable and may be exercised on a cashless basis,
in each case so long as they continue to be held by the initial purchasers or their permitted transferees. On March 12, 2019,
we consummated the sale of an additional 3,600,000 units that were subject to the underwriters’ over-allotment option at
$10.00 per Unit, generating gross proceeds of $36,000,000. Simultaneously with the closing of the sale of additional units, we
consummated the sale of an additional 72,000 Private Units at $10.00 per Private Unit, generating total proceeds of $720,000. Following
the closing of the over-allotment option and sale of additional Private Units, an aggregate amount of $276,000,000 has been placed
in the trust account established in connection with the IPO. Proposed Business
Combination On February 1, 2021,
Tuscan entered into the Merger Agreement with Microvast and Merger Sub. Pursuant to the Merger Agreement, Merger Sub will merge
with and into Microvast and Microvast will survive the merger and become a wholly owned subsidiary of Tuscan. Under the Merger
Agreement, all of the equity interests of Microvast will be converted into an aggregate of 210,000,000 shares of common stock (“closing
shares”). The Microvast shareholders and the investors in Microvast’s majority-owned subsidiary, Microvast Power System
(Houzhou) Co. Ltd. (“MPS”), will also have the ability to earn an additional 20,000,000 shares of common stock (“earnout
shares”) if the daily volume weighted average price of the common stock is greater than or equal to $18.00 for any 20 trading
days within a 30 trading day period (or a change of control occurs that results in the holders of common stock receiving a per
share price equal to or in excess of $18.00), during the period commencing on the closing date and ending on the third anniversary
of the closing date. Concurrently with the execution of the Merger Agreement, Tuscan and Microvast will jointly acquire 100% ownership
of MPS and will discharge certain convertible loans of MPS. 1 Additionally, the Merger
Agreement provides that Tuscan will issue an aggregate of 6,736,111 shares of common stock upon conversion (the “Bridge
Notes Conversion”) of an aggregate of $57,500,000 outstanding promissory notes issued by Microvast. Further, on February 1,
2021, Tuscan, the Sponsor, Microvast and certain stockholders of Tuscan entered into the Sponsor Support Agreement (the “Sponsor
Support Agreement”), pursuant to which the Sponsor and certain officers and directors of Tuscan (collectively, the “Sponsor
Group”) agreed, among other things, to vote all equity interests of Tuscan held by such member of the Sponsor Group in favor
of the approval and adoption of the proposed business combination with Microvast. Additionally, such members of the Sponsor Group
have agreed not to (a) transfer any of their equity interests in the Company (or enter into any arrangement with respect thereto)
other than as set forth therein or (b) exercise any conversion rights of any equity interests held by such member of the Sponsor
Group in connection with the approval of the proposed business combination. The Sponsor also agreed
that, to the extent that certain expenses of Tuscan are in excess of $46,000,000 (unless such expenses shall have been approved
by Microvast), the Sponsor will either (i) pay any such excess amount in cash or (ii) forfeit to Tuscan such number of shares of
common stock held by the Sponsor that would have a value equal to such excess. The Sponsor also agreed to amend the escrow agreement
to make certain adjustments to the terms of the escrow of its shares of common stock as set forth in the Sponsor Support Agreement. Contemporaneously with
the execution of the Merger Agreement, certain investors entered into subscription agreements (the “Subscription Agreements”),
pursuant to which such investors subscribed for an aggregate value of $482,500,000, representing 48,250,000 shares of Tuscan common
stock at a purchase price of $10.00 per share in a private placement (the “PIPE Financing”) to be consummated immediately
prior to the consummation of the Transactions. Affiliates of InterPrivate Capital LLC (“InterPrivate”), a co-sponsor
of Tuscan, subscribed to purchase 6.5 million shares in the PIPE Financing for an aggregate purchase price of $65 million. Immediately following
the Closing, the former equityholders of Microvast will hold approximately 69.9% of the issued and outstanding shares of common
stock and the current stockholders of Tuscan will hold approximately 9.2% of the issued and outstanding shares of common stock,
which pro forma ownership (1) assumes no holder of the common stock sold in Tuscan’s initial public offering (such persons,
the “Public Stockholders”) exercises its conversion rights in connection with the business combination, and (2) reflects
the issuance of an aggregate of 48,250,000 shares of Common Stock in the PIPE Financing and 6,736,111 shares of common
stock in the Bridge Notes Conversion, but does not include the effect of any other financing of Tuscan. If the maximum number of
Public Shares are converted into cash such that Microvast does not have the right to terminate the Merger Agreement (i.e., Tuscan
has at least $5,000,001 of net tangible assets immediately prior to or upon consummation of the business combination), such percentages
will be approximately 76.8% and 0.2%, respectively. Consummation of the
proposed business combination is subject to customary conditions and covenants of the respective parties, including approval of
Tuscan’s stockholders and Tuscan having available cash of at least $250,000,000. Further information regarding the proposed
business combination, the proposed business of the combined company following consummation of the merger and the risks related
to the proposed business of the combined company following consummation of the merger can be found in Tuscan’s Current Report
on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on February 5, 2021, the preliminary proxy statement filed by Tuscan with the SEC on February 16,
2021, and the definitive proxy statement to be filed by Tuscan with the SEC. Unless otherwise indicated, the information in this
Form 10-K assumes we will not consummate the proposed business combination with Microvast, and that we will secure a further extension
to consummate an initial business combination and then seek to find an alternative target with which to consummate an initial business
combination. 2 Extension Amendment On December 3,
2020, Tuscan received stockholder approval to amend its amended and restated certificate of incorporation (“charter”)
to extend the date by which it must complete an initial business combination from December 7, 2020 to April 30, 2021.
In connection with such extension, holders of 3,198 Public Shares exercised their right to convert their shares into cash at a
conversion price of approximately $10.22 per share, for an aggregate conversion amount of approximately $32,684. On March 12, 2021,
Tuscan filed a preliminary proxy statement seeking approval from its stockholders to amend Tuscan’s charter to extend the
date by which Tuscan is required to complete its initial business combination from April 30, 2021 to July 31, 2021 and to hold an annual meeting for the election of directors
in accordance with Nasdaq listing rules. Nasdaq Compliance On January 6,
2021, we received a notice from the Listing Qualifications Department of The Nasdaq Stock Market stating that we failed to hold
an Annual Meeting of stockholders within 12 months after our fiscal year ended December 31, 2019, as required by Nasdaq
Listing Rule 5620(a). In accordance with Nasdaq Listing Rule 5810(c)(2)(G), we submitted a plan to regain compliance
on February 4, 2021. Nasdaq accepted our plan and granted us an extension through June 29, 2021 to hold an annual meeting.
Nasdaq’s decision is subject to certain conditions, including that we provide periodic updates with respect to our proposed
business combination with Microvast. Effecting a Business Combination Sources of Target Businesses We have evaluated a
number of target businesses, including Microvast. When evaluating each prospective target business, we conducted a thorough due
diligence review that encompassed, among other things, meetings with incumbent management and employees, document reviews, and
a review of financial and other information made available to us. We engaged EarlyBirdCapital, Inc. to provide services in connection
with our initial business combination and, upon consummation of our initial business combination, we must pay that firm a fee in
an amount equal to $9,660,000 (exclusive of any applicable finders’ fees which might become payable); provided that up to
30% of the fee may be allocated at the Company’s sole discretion to other FINRA members that assist the Company in identifying
and consummating a business combination. We engaged Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC (“Morgan Stanley”) to provide financial
advisory services in connection with the Microvast business combination, and, upon consummation of the transaction with Microvast,
we must pay that firm a transaction fee of $5.5 million, plus expenses. Morgan Stanley also acted as placement agent in connection
with the PIPE Financing, and we are obligated to pay Morgan Stanley a placement fee equal to (i) 3.5% of the sum of (x) the aggregate
gross proceeds raised in the PIPE Financing up to $300 million (not including funds from the sale of certain excluded securities)
and (y) any borrowings pursuant to a bridge financing provided in connection with the proposed business combination by investors
introduced by Morgan Stanley, and (ii) 2.5% of the aggregate gross proceeds raised in the PIPE Financing above $300 million. In
addition, Mr. Vogel and our Sponsor entered into an agreement with InterPrivate pursuant to which InterPrivate would advise us
with respect to our evaluation of business combination transactions. Pursuant to the agreement, the Sponsor granted InterPrivate
a profits interest attributable to a portion of the securities of Tuscan held by the Sponsor, subject to the consummation of our
initial business combination. We may engage other firms or other individuals in the future, in which event we may pay a finder’s
fee, consulting fee, or other compensation to be determined in an arm’s length negotiation based on the terms of the transaction.
In no event, however, will our sponsor, officers, directors, or their respective affiliates be paid any finder’s fee, consulting
fee, or other compensation prior to, or for any services they render in order to effectuate our initial business combination, other
than the monthly administrative services fee of $10,000, the repayment of working capital loans, and reimbursement of out-of-pocket
expenses, however, such repayment may be limited in connection with negotiations with a prospective target. We are not restricted
from entering into any such transactions with a target business that is affiliated with any of our officers, directors, and sponsor,
and may do so if (i) such transaction is approved by a majority of our disinterested independent directors and (ii) we obtain an
opinion from an independent investment banking firm, or another independent entity that commonly renders valuation opinions, that
the business combination is fair to our unaffiliated stockholders from a financial point of view. Microvast is not affiliated with
any of our officers, directors, or sponsor. Selection of Target Business and Structuring of a Business
Combination Subject to the limitations
that a target business have a fair market value of at least 80% of the balance in the trust account (excluding taxes payable on
the income earned on the trust account) at the time of the execution of a definitive agreement for our initial business combination,
as described below in more detail, and that we must acquire a controlling interest in the target business, our management has virtually
unrestricted flexibility in identifying and selecting a prospective target business. We have not established any specific attributes
or criteria (financial or otherwise) for prospective target businesses. In evaluating a prospective target business, our management
may consider a variety of factors, including one or more of the following: ● | financial condition and results of operation; ● | growth potential; ● | brand recognition and potential; 3 ● | experience and skill of management and availability of additional personnel; ● | capital requirements; ● | competitive position; ● | barriers to entry; ● | stage of development of the products, processes or services; ● | existing distribution and potential for expansion; ● | degree of current or potential market acceptance of the products, processes or services; ● | proprietary aspects of products and the extent of intellectual property or other protection for products or formulas; ● | impact of regulation on the business; ● | regulatory environment of the industry; ● | the target business’s compliance with U.S. federal law, including the Controlled Substances Act; ● | costs associated with effecting the business combination; ● | industry leadership, sustainability of market share and attractiveness of market industries in which a target business participates; and ● | macro competitive dynamics in the industry within which the company competes. These criteria are
not intended to be exhaustive. Any evaluation relating to the merits of a particular business combination will be based, to the
extent relevant, on the above factors as well as other considerations deemed relevant by our management in effecting a business
combination consistent with our business objective. Any costs incurred with respect to the identification and evaluation of a prospective target business
with which a business combination is not ultimately completed will result in a loss to us and reduce the amount of capital available
to otherwise complete a business combination. Fair Market Value of Target Business Nasdaq listing rules
require that the target business or businesses that we acquire must collectively have a fair market value equal to at least 80%
of the balance of the funds in the trust account (excluding taxes payable on the income earned on the trust account) at the time
of the execution of a definitive agreement for our initial business combination, although we may acquire a target business whose
fair market value significantly exceeds 80% of the trust account balance. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if we are not then listed
on Nasdaq for whatever reason, we would no longer be required to meet the foregoing 80% fair market value test. 4 We have
structured the proposed business combination with Microvast so that we will acquire 100% of the equity interests or assets of
Microvast. We are not limited to this structure, however, and may structure our initial business combination where we merge
directly with the target business or where we acquire less than 100% of such interests or assets of the target business in
order to meet certain objectives of the target management team or shareholders or for other reasons, but we will only
complete such business combination if the post-transaction company owns or acquires 50% or more of the outstanding
voting securities of the target or otherwise acquires a controlling interest in the target sufficient for it not to be
required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act. Even if the post-transaction company
owns or acquires 50% or more of the voting securities of the target, our stockholders prior to the business combination may
collectively own a minority interest in the post-transaction company, depending on valuations ascribed to the target and
us in the business combination transaction. For example, we could pursue a transaction in which we issue a substantial number
of new shares in exchange for all of the outstanding capital stock of a target. In this case, we could acquire a 100%
controlling interest in the target; however, as a result of the issuance of a substantial number of new shares, our
stockholders immediately prior to our initial business combination could own less than a majority of our outstanding shares
subsequent to our initial business combination. If less than 100% of the equity interests or assets of a target business or
businesses are owned or acquired by the post-transaction company, the portion of such business or businesses that is
owned or acquired is what will be valued for purposes of the 80% of trust account balance test. The fair market value
of the target will be determined by our board of directors based upon one or more standards generally accepted by the financial
community (such as actual and potential sales, earnings, cash flow and/or book value). The proxy solicitation materials or tender
offer documents used by us in connection with any proposed transaction will provide public stockholders with our analysis of the
fair market value of the target business, as well as the basis for our determinations. If our board is not able to independently
determine that the target business has a sufficient fair market value, we will obtain an opinion from an unaffiliated, independent
investment banking firm, or another independent entity that commonly renders valuation opinions, with respect to the satisfaction
of such criteria. We will not be required to obtain an opinion from an investment banking firm as to the fair market value if our
board of directors independently determines that the target business complies with the 80% threshold. Lack of Business Diversification Although we do not
currently intend to effect a business combination with more than one target business, we may do so, and there is no required minimum
valuation standard for any single target at the time of such acquisition. Because we expect to complete only a single business
combination, at least initially, the prospects for our success would be entirely dependent upon the future performance of a single
business operation. Unlike other entities which may have the resources to complete several business combinations of entities operating
in multiple industries or multiple areas of a single industry, it is probable that we will not have the resources to diversify
our operations or benefit from the possible spreading of risks or offsetting of losses. By consummating a business combination
with only a single entity, our lack of diversification may: ● | subject us to numerous economic, competitive and regulatory developments, any or all of which may have a substantial adverse impact upon the particular industry in which we may operate subsequent to a business combination, and ● | result in our dependency upon the performance of a single operating business or the development or market acceptance of a single or limited number of products, processes or services. 5 Limited Ability to Evaluate the Target
Business’ Management Although we have scrutinized
the management of Microvast, we cannot assure you that our assessment of Microvast’s management will prove to be correct.
While we anticipate that Stephen Vogel will remain a director of ours following the business combination with Microvast, it is
unlikely that he will devote his full time efforts to our affairs subsequent to a business combination. Following a business combination,
we may seek to recruit additional personnel to supplement the incumbent management of the target business. We cannot assure you
that we will have the ability to recruit additional managers, or that any such additional managers we do recruit will have the
requisite skills, knowledge or experience necessary to enhance the incumbent management. Stockholders May Not Have the Ability
to Approve an Initial Business Combination In connection with
any proposed business combination, we will either (1) seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination at a meeting
called for such purpose at which stockholders may seek to convert their shares, regardless of whether they vote for or against
the proposed business combination or don’t vote at all, into their pro rata share of the aggregate amount then on deposit
in the trust account (net of taxes payable), or (2) provide our stockholders with the opportunity to sell their shares to us by
means of a tender offer (and thereby avoid the need for a stockholder vote) for an amount equal to their pro rata share of the
aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account (net of taxes payable), in each case subject to the limitations described
herein. If we determine to engage in a tender offer, such tender offer will be structured so that each stockholder may tender all
of his, her or its shares rather than some pro rata portion of his, her or its shares. The decision as to whether we will seek
stockholder approval of a proposed business combination or will allow stockholders to sell their shares to us in a tender offer
will be made by us, solely in our discretion, and will be based on a variety of factors such as the timing of the transaction and
whether the terms of the transaction would otherwise require us to seek stockholder approval. Unlike other blank check companies
which require stockholder votes and conduct proxy solicitations in conjunction with their initial business combinations and related
conversions of public shares for cash upon consummation of such initial business combination even when a vote is not required by
law, we will have the flexibility to avoid such stockholder vote and allow our stockholders to sell their shares pursuant to Rule
13e-4 and Regulation 14E of the Exchange Act which regulate issuer tender offers. In that case, we will file tender offer
documents with the SEC which will contain substantially the same financial and other information about the initial business combination
as is required under the SEC’s proxy rules. We will consummate our initial business combination only if we have net tangible
assets of at least $5,000,001 upon such consummation and, if we seek stockholder approval, a majority of the outstanding shares
of common stock voted are voted in favor of the business combination. We chose our net tangible
asset threshold of $5,000,001 to ensure that we would avoid being subject to Rule 419 promulgated under the Securities Act of 1933,
as amended. However, if we seek to consummate an initial business combination with a target business that imposes any type of working
capital closing condition or requires us to have a minimum amount of funds available from the trust account upon consummation of
such initial business combination, we may need to have more than $5,000,001 in net tangible assets upon consummation and this may
force us to seek third party financing which may not be available on terms acceptable to us or at all. As a result, we may not
be able to consummate such initial business combination and we may not be able to locate another suitable target within the applicable
time period, if at all. 6 Our Sponsor, initial
stockholders, officers and directors have agreed (1) to vote any shares of common stock owned by them in favor of any proposed
business combination, (2) not to convert any shares of common stock in connection with a stockholder vote to approve a proposed
initial business combination and (3) not sell any shares of common stock in any tender in connection with a proposed initial business
combination. If we hold a meeting
to approve a proposed business combination and a significant number of stockholders vote, or indicate an intention to vote, against
such proposed business combination, our officers, directors, Sponsor, initial stockholders or their affiliates could make purchases
of our securities in the open market or in private transactions in order to influence the vote. Notwithstanding the foregoing,
our officers, directors, Sponsor, initial stockholders and their affiliates will not make purchases of shares of common stock if
the purchases would violate Section 9(a)(2) or Rule 10b-5 of the Exchange Act, which are rules designed to stop potential
manipulation of a company’s stock. Conversion Rights At any meeting called
to approve an initial business combination, public stockholders may seek to convert their shares, regardless of whether they vote
for or against the proposed business combination or do not vote at all, into their pro rata share of the aggregate amount then
on deposit in the trust account as of two business days prior to the consummation of the initial business combination, less any
taxes then due but not yet paid. Alternatively, we may provide our public stockholders with the opportunity to sell their shares
of our common stock to us through a tender offer (and thereby avoid the need for a stockholder vote) for an amount equal to their
pro rata share of the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, less any taxes then due but not yet paid. Our Sponsor, initial
stockholders and our officers and directors will not have conversion rights with respect to any shares of common stock owned by
them, directly or indirectly, whether acquired prior our IPO or purchased by them in the IPO or in the aftermarket. Additionally,
the holders of the representative shares will not have conversion rights with respect to the representative shares. We may require public
stockholders, whether they are a record holder or hold their shares in “street name,” to either (i) physically tender
their certificates to our transfer agent or (ii) deliver their shares to the transfer agent electronically using Depository Trust
Company’s DWAC (Deposit/Withdrawal At Custodian) System, at the holder’s option, in each case prior to a date set forth
in the proxy materials sent in connection with the proposal to approve the business combination. There is a nominal
cost associated with the above-referenced delivery process and the act of certificating the shares or delivering them through
the DWAC System. The transfer agent will typically charge the tendering broker a nominal fee and it would be up to the broker whether
or not to pass this cost on to the holder. However, this fee would be incurred regardless of whether or not we require holders
seeking to exercise conversion rights. The need to deliver shares is a requirement of exercising conversion rights regardless of
the timing of when such delivery must be effectuated. However, in the event we require stockholders seeking to exercise conversion
rights prior to the consummation of the proposed business combination and the proposed business combination is not consummated
this may result in an increased cost to stockholders. Any proxy solicitation
materials we furnish to stockholders in connection with a vote for any proposed business combination will indicate whether we are
requiring stockholders to satisfy such certification and delivery requirements. Accordingly, a stockholder would have from the
time the stockholder received our proxy statement up until the vote on the proposal to approve the business combination to deliver
his shares if he wishes to seek to exercise his conversion rights. This time period varies depending on the specific facts of each
transaction. However, as the delivery process can be accomplished by the stockholder, whether or not he is a record holder or his
shares are held in “street name,” in a matter of hours by simply contacting the transfer agent or his broker and requesting
delivery of his shares through the DWAC System, we believe this time period is sufficient for an average investor. However, we
cannot assure you of this fact. Please see the risk factor titled “ In connection with any stockholder meeting called to
approve a proposed initial business combination, we may require stockholders who wish to convert their shares in connection with
a proposed business combination to comply with specific requirements for conversion that may make it more difficult for them to
exercise their conversion rights prior to the deadline for exercising their rights ” for further information on the risks
of failing to comply with these requirements. 7 The foregoing is different
from the procedures historically used by some blank check companies. Traditionally, in order to perfect conversion rights in connection
with a blank check company’s business combination, the company would distribute proxy materials for the stockholders’
vote on an initial business combination, and a holder could simply vote against a proposed business combination and check a box
on the proxy card indicating such holder was seeking to exercise his conversion rights. After the business combination was approved,
the company would contact such stockholder to arrange for him to deliver his certificate to verify ownership. As a result, the
stockholder then had an “option window” after the consummation of the business combination during which he could monitor
the price of the company’s stock in the market. If the price rose above the conversion price, he could sell his shares in
the open market before actually delivering his shares to the company for cancellation. As a result, the conversion rights, to which
stockholders were aware they needed to commit before the stockholder meeting, would become a “continuing” right surviving
past the consummation of the business combination until the holder delivered its certificate. The requirement for physical or electronic
delivery prior to the meeting ensures that a holder’s election to convert his shares is irrevocable once the business combination
is approved. Any request to convert
such shares once made, may be withdrawn at any time up to the vote on the proposed business combination or the expiration of the
tender offer. Furthermore, if a holder of a public share of common stock delivered his certificate in connection with an election
of their conversion and subsequently decides prior to the applicable date not to elect to exercise such rights, he may simply request
that the transfer agent return the certificate (physically or electronically). If the initial business
combination is not approved or completed for any reason, then our public stockholders who elected to exercise their conversion
rights would not be entitled to convert their shares for the applicable pro rata share of the trust account as of two business
days prior to the consummation of the initial business combination. In such case, we will promptly return any shares delivered
by public holders. Liquidation if No Business Combination Our charter provides
that we will have only until April 30, 2021 to complete an initial business combination (unless such time period is extended by
our stockholders, as provided in our charter). On March 12, 2021, we filed a preliminary proxy statement to seek stockholder approval
to extend our liquidation date from April 30, 2021 to July 31, 2021 and to hold an annual meeting for the election of directors
in accordance with Nasdaq listing rules. If we have not completed
an initial business combination by such date, or have not secured stockholder approval to extend such date, we will (i) cease all
operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter,
redeem 100% of the outstanding public shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on
deposit in the trust account, including any interest not previously released to us but net of taxes payable, divided by the number
of then outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public stockholders’ rights as stockholders
(including the right to receive further liquidation distributions, if any), subject to applicable law, and (iii) as promptly as
reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining stockholders and our board of directors,
dissolve and liquidate, subject (in the case of (ii) and (iii) above) to our obligations under Delaware law to provide for claims
of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. Our Sponsor, initial
stockholders, officers and directors have agreed that they will not propose any amendment to our charter that would affect our
public stockholders’ ability to convert or sell their shares to us in connection with a business combination as described
herein or affect the substance or timing of our obligation to redeem 100% of our public shares if we do not complete a business
combination by April 30, 2021 (or July 31, 2021, if the proposed extension is approved by our stockholders) unless we provide our
public stockholders with the opportunity to convert their shares of common stock upon such approval at a per-share price,
payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest not previously released
to us but net of franchise and income taxes payable, divided by the number of then outstanding public shares. This redemption right
shall apply in the event of the approval of any such amendment, whether proposed by our Sponsor, initial stockholders, executive
officers, directors or any other person. 8 Under the Delaware
General Corporation Law, stockholders may be held liable for claims by third parties against a corporation to the extent of distributions
received by them in a dissolution. The pro rata portion of our trust account distributed to our public stockholders upon the redemption
of 100% of our outstanding public shares in the event we do not complete our initial business combination within the required time
period may be considered a liquidation distribution under Delaware law. If the corporation complies with certain procedures set
forth in Section 280 of the Delaware General Corporation Law intended to ensure that it makes reasonable provision for all claims
against it, including a 60-day notice period during which any third-party claims can be brought against the corporation,
a 90-day period during which the corporation may reject any claims brought, and an additional 150-day waiting period before
any liquidating distributions are made to stockholders, any liability of stockholders with respect to a liquidating distribution
is limited to the lesser of such stockholder’s pro rata share of the claim or the amount distributed to the stockholder,
and any liability of the stockholder would be barred after the third anniversary of the dissolution. Furthermore, if the
pro rata portion of our trust account distributed to our public stockholders upon the redemption of 100% of our public shares in
the event we do not complete our initial business combination within the required time period is not considered a liquidation distribution
under Delaware law and such redemption distribution is deemed to be unlawful, then pursuant to Section 174 of the Delaware General
Corporation Law, the statute of limitations for claims of creditors could then be six years after the unlawful redemption distribution,
instead of three years, as in the case of a liquidation distribution. If we are unable to complete a business combination within
the prescribed time frame, we will (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably
possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem 100% of the outstanding public shares, at a per-share price,
payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including any interest but net of franchise
and income taxes payable, divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish
public stockholders’ rights as stockholders (including the right to receive further liquidation distributions, if any), subject
to applicable law and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining
stockholders and our board of directors, dissolve and liquidate, subject (in the case of (ii) and (iii) above) to our obligations
under Delaware law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. Accordingly, it is our intention
to redeem our public shares as soon as reasonably possible following our 21 st month, and, therefore, we do not
intend to comply with those procedures. As such, our stockholders could potentially be liable for any claims to the extent of distributions
received by them (but no more) and any liability of our stockholders may extend well beyond the third anniversary of such date. Because we will not
be complying with Section 280 of the Delaware General Corporation Law, Section 281(b) of the Delaware General Corporation Law requires
us to adopt a plan, based on facts known to us at such time that will provide for our payment of all existing and pending claims
or claims that may be potentially brought against us within the subsequent ten years. However, because we are a blank check company,
rather than an operating company, and our operations will be limited to searching for prospective target businesses to acquire,
the only likely claims to arise would be from our vendors (such as lawyers, investment bankers, etc.) or prospective target businesses. We are required to
seek to have all third parties (including any vendors or other entities we engage) and any prospective target businesses enter
into agreements with us waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind they may have in or to any monies held in the trust
account. As a result, the claims that could be made against us will be limited, thereby lessening the likelihood that any claim
would result in any liability extending to the trust. We therefore believe that any necessary provision for creditors will be reduced
and should not have a significant impact on our ability to distribute the funds in the trust account to our public stockholders.
Nevertheless, Marcum LLP, our independent registered public accounting firm, and the underwriters of our IPO, will not execute
agreements with us waiving such claims to the monies held in the trust account. Furthermore, there is no guarantee that other vendors,
service providers and prospective target businesses will execute such agreements. Nor is there any guarantee that, even if they
execute such agreements with us, they will not seek recourse against the trust account. Our Sponsor has agreed that it will be
liable to ensure that the proceeds in the trust account are not reduced below $10.00 per share by the claims of target businesses
or claims of vendors or other entities that are owed money by us for services rendered or contracted for or products sold to us,
but we cannot assure you that it will be able to satisfy its indemnification obligations if it is required to do so. We have not
asked our Sponsor to reserve for such indemnification obligations, nor have we independently verified whether our Sponsor has sufficient
funds to satisfy its indemnity obligations and believe that our Sponsor’s only assets are securities of our company. Therefore,
we believe it is unlikely that our Sponsor will be able to satisfy its indemnification obligations if it is required to do so.
Additionally, the agreement our Sponsor entered into specifically provides for two exceptions to the indemnity it has given: it
will have no liability (1) as to any claimed amounts owed to a target business or vendor or other entity who has executed an agreement
with us waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind they may have in or to any monies held in the trust account, or
(2) as to any claims for indemnification by the underwriters of our IPO against certain liabilities, including liabilities under
the Securities Act. As a result, if we liquidate, the per-share distribution from the trust account could be less than $10.00
due to claims or potential claims of creditors. We will distribute to all of our public stockholders, in proportion to their respective
equity interests, an aggregate sum equal to the amount in the trust account, inclusive of any interest (subject to our obligations
under Delaware law to provide for claims of creditors as described below). 9 We anticipate notifying
the trustee of the trust account to begin liquidating such assets promptly after such date and anticipate it will take no more
than 10 business days to effectuate such distribution. The holders of the founders’ shares and private shares have waived
their rights to participate in any liquidation distribution from the trust account with respect to such shares. There will be no
distribution from the trust account with respect to our warrants, which will expire worthless. We will pay the costs of any subsequent
liquidation from our remaining assets outside of the trust account. If such funds are insufficient, our Sponsor has contractually
agreed to advance us the funds necessary to complete such liquidation (currently anticipated to be no more than approximately $15,000)
and has contractually agreed not to seek repayment for such expenses. If we are unable to
complete an initial business combination and expend all of the net proceeds of the IPO, other than the proceeds deposited in the
trust account, and without taking into account interest, if any, earned on the trust account, the initial per-share redemption
price would be $10.00. The proceeds deposited in the trust account could, however, become subject to claims of our creditors that
are in preference to the claims of public stockholders. Our public stockholders
shall be entitled to receive funds from the trust account only in the event of our failure to complete a business combination within
the required time period, if the stockholders seek to have us convert or purchase their respective shares upon a business combination
which is actually completed by us or upon certain amendments to our charter prior to consummating an initial business combination.
In no other circumstances shall a stockholder have any right or interest of any kind to or in the trust account. If we are forced to
file a bankruptcy case or an involuntary bankruptcy case is filed against us which is not dismissed, the proceeds held in the trust
account could be subject to applicable bankruptcy law, and may be included in our bankruptcy estate and subject to the claims of
third parties with priority over the claims of our stockholders. To the extent any bankruptcy claims deplete the trust account,
we cannot assure you we will be able to return to our public stockholders at least $10.00 per share. If we are forced to
file a bankruptcy case or an involuntary bankruptcy case is filed against us which is not dismissed, any distributions received
by stockholders could be viewed under applicable debtor/creditor and/or bankruptcy laws as either a “preferential transfer”
or a “fraudulent conveyance.” As a result, a bankruptcy court could seek to recover all amounts received by our stockholders.
Furthermore, because we intend to distribute the proceeds held in the trust account to our public stockholders promptly after April
30, 2021 (or July 31, 2021, if the proposed extension is approved by our stockholders), this may be viewed or interpreted as giving
preference to our public stockholders over any potential creditors with respect to access to or distributions from our assets.
Furthermore, our board may be viewed as having breached their fiduciary duties to our creditors and/or may have acted in bad faith,
and thereby exposing itself and our company to claims of punitive damages, by paying public stockholders from the trust account
prior to addressing the claims of creditors. We cannot assure you that claims will not be brought against us for these reasons. 10 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation Our amended and restated
certificate of incorporation contains certain requirements and restrictions relating to our IPO that will apply to us until the
consummation of our initial business combination. These provisions cannot be amended without the approval of a majority of our
stockholders. If we seek to amend any provisions of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation that would affect our
public stockholders’ ability to convert or sell their shares to us in connection with a business combination as described
herein or affect the substance or timing of our obligation to redeem 100% of our public shares if we do not complete a business
combination by April 30, 2021 (or July 31, 2021, if the proposed extension is approved by our stockholders), we will provide dissenting
public stockholders with the opportunity to convert their public shares in connection with any such vote. This conversion right
shall apply in the event of the approval of any such amendment, whether proposed by our Sponsor, any executive officer, director
or director nominee, or any other person. Our Sponsor, officers and directors have agreed to waive any conversion rights with respect
to any founders’ shares, private shares and any public shares they may hold in connection with any vote to amend our amended
and restated certificate of incorporation. Specifically, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides, among
other things, that: ● | we shall either (1) seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination at a meeting called for such purpose at which stockholders may seek to convert their shares, regardless of whether they vote for or against the proposed business combination or don’t vote at all, into their pro rata share of the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account (net of taxes payable), or (2) provide our stockholders with the opportunity to sell their shares to us by means of a tender offer (and thereby avoid the need for a stockholder vote) for an amount equal to their pro rata share of the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account (net of taxes payable), in each case subject to the limitations described herein; ● | we will consummate our initial business combination only if we have net tangible assets of at least $5,000,001 upon such consummation and, if we seek stockholder approval, a majority of the outstanding shares of common stock voted are voted in favor of the business combination; ● | if our initial business combination is not consummated by April 30, 2021, and such date is not further extended, then we will redeem all of the outstanding public shares and thereafter liquidate and dissolve our company; ● | we may not consummate any other business combination, merger, capital stock exchange, asset acquisition, stock purchase, reorganization or similar transaction prior to our initial business combination; and ● | prior to our initial business combination, we may not issue additional stock that participates in any manner in the proceeds of the trust account, or that votes as a class with the common stock sold in our IPO on an initial business combination. Competition In identifying, evaluating and selecting
a target business, we may encounter intense competition from other entities having a business objective similar to ours. Many of
these entities are well established and have extensive experience identifying and effecting business combinations directly or through
affiliates. Many of these competitors possess greater technical, human and other resources than us and our financial resources
will be relatively limited when contrasted with those of many of these competitors. The following also may not be viewed favorably
by certain target businesses: ● | our obligation to seek stockholder approval of a business combination or engage in a tender offer may delay the completion of a transaction; ● | our obligation to convert or repurchase shares of common stock held by our public stockholders may reduce the resources available to us for a business combination; and ● | our outstanding warrants, and the potential future dilution they represent. Any of these factors may place us at a
competitive disadvantage in successfully negotiating a business combination. Our management believes, however, that our status
as a public entity and potential access to the United States public equity markets may give us a competitive advantage over privately-held entities
having a similar business objective as ours in acquiring a target business with significant growth potential on favorable terms. If we succeed in effecting a business combination,
there will be, in all likelihood, intense competition from competitors of the target business. We cannot assure you that, subsequent
to a business combination, we will have the resources or ability to compete effectively. Facilities We currently maintain our principal executive
offices at 135 E. 57th St., 18th Floor, New York, NY 10022. The cost for this space is included in the $10,000 per-month fee
Vogel Partners, LLP, an affiliate of our Chief Executive Officer, will charge us for general and administrative services. We consider
our current office space, combined with the other office space otherwise available to our executive officers, adequate for our
current operations. Employees We have two executive officers. These individuals
are not obligated to devote any specific number of hours to our matters and intend to devote only as much time as they deem necessary
to our affairs. We do not have, and do not intend to have, any full time employees prior to the consummation of a business combination. 11 ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS An investment in our securities involves
a high degree of risk. You should consider carefully the risks described below, which we believe represent the material risks related
to Tuscan, together with the other information contained in this Form 10-K, before making a decision to invest in Tuscan. The risks
set forth below do not include specific risks relating to our proposed business combination with Microvast, or the risks inherent
in Microvast’s business, which are included in the preliminary proxy statement which we filed with the SEC on February 16,
2021. The risks presented below assumes that we will not consummate the proposed business combination with Microvast, and that
we will secure a further extension to consummate an initial business combination and then seek to find an alternative target with
which to consummate an initial business combination. This Form 10-K also contains forward-looking
statements that involve risks and uncertainties. Our actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in the forward-looking
statements as a result of specific factors, including the risks described below. Risks Relating to Searching for and
Consummating a Business Combination We have no operating history and,
accordingly, you will not have any basis on which to evaluate our ability to achieve our business objective. We have no operating
results to date. Therefore, our ability to commence operations is dependent upon obtaining financing through the public offering
of our securities. Since we do not have an operating history, you will have no basis upon which to evaluate our ability to achieve
our business objective, which is to acquire an operating business. We will not generate any revenues until, at the earliest, after
the consummation of a business combination. If we are unable to consummate a
business combination, our public stockholders may be forced to wait until after April 30, 2021 (or July 31, 2021, if the proposed
extension is approved by our stockholders) before receiving distributions from the trust account. Our public stockholders
will be entitled to receive funds from the trust account only upon the earlier to occur of: (i) the consummation of our initial
business combination; (ii) the redemption of our public shares if we are unable to consummate a business combination by April 30,
2021 (or July 31, 2021, if the proposed extension is approved by our stockholders), subject to applicable law; (iii) the redemption
of any public shares properly tendered in connection with a stockholder vote to amend our amended and restated certificate of incorporation
to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to redeem 100% of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business
combination by April 30, 2021 (or July 31, 2021). In addition, if our plan to redeem our public shares if we are unable to consummate
an initial business combination by April 30, 2021 (or July 31, 2021) is not consummated for any reason, Delaware law may require
that we submit a plan of dissolution to our then-existing stockholders for approval prior to the distribution of the proceeds held
in our trust account. In that case, public stockholders may be forced to wait beyond April 30, 2021 before they receive funds from
our trust account. In no other circumstances will a public stockholder have any right or interest of any kind in the trust account.
Accordingly, to liquidate your investment, you may be forced to sell your public shares or warrants, potentially at a loss. The requirement that we complete
an initial business combination by April 30, 2021 (or such later date as may be approved by our stockholders) may give potential
target businesses leverage over us in negotiating a business combination. We have until April
30, 2021 (or such later date as may be approved by our stockholders) to complete an initial business combination. Any potential
target business with which we enter into negotiations concerning a business combination will be aware of this requirement. Consequently,
such target business may obtain leverage over us in negotiating a business combination, knowing that if we do not complete a business
combination with that particular target business, we may be unable to complete a business combination with any other target business.
This risk will increase as we get closer to the time limit referenced above. 12 Our public stockholders may not be
afforded an opportunity to vote on our proposed business combination. We will either (1)
seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination at a meeting called for such purpose at which public stockholders
may seek to convert their shares, regardless of whether they vote for or against the proposed business combination or don’t
vote at all, into their pro rata share of the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account (net of taxes payable), or
(2) provide our public stockholders with the opportunity to sell their shares to us by means of a tender offer (and thereby avoid
the need for a stockholder vote) for an amount equal to their pro rata share of the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust
account (net of taxes payable). Accordingly, it is possible that we will consummate our initial business combination even if holders
of a majority of our public shares do not approve of the business combination we consummate. The decision as to whether we will
seek stockholder approval of a proposed business combination or will allow stockholders to sell their shares to us in a tender
offer will be made by us, solely in our discretion, and will be based on a variety of factors such as the timing of the transaction
and whether the terms of the transaction would otherwise require us to seek stockholder approval. For instance, Nasdaq rules currently
allow us to engage in a tender offer in lieu of a stockholder meeting but would still require us to obtain stockholder approval
if we were seeking to issue more than 20% of our outstanding shares to a target business as consideration in any business combination.
Therefore, if we were structuring a business combination that required us to issue more than 20% of our outstanding shares, we
would seek stockholder approval of such business combination instead of conducting a tender offer. Our Sponsor controls a substantial
interest in us and thus may influence certain actions requiring a stockholder vote. Our Sponsor, Tuscan
Holdings Acquisition LLC, owns approximately 21% of our issued and outstanding shares of common stock. Our Sponsor, officers, directors,
initial stockholders or their affiliates could determine in the future to make purchases of our securities in the open market or
in private transactions, to the extent permitted by law, in order to influence the vote or magnitude of the number of shareholders
seeking to tender their shares to us. In connection with any vote for a proposed business combination, our initial stockholders,
as well as all of our officers and directors, have agreed to vote the shares of common stock owned by them immediately before our
IPO as well as any shares of common stock acquired in the IPO or in the aftermarket in favor of such proposed business combination. Our board of directors
is divided into three classes, each of which will generally serve for a term of three years with only one class of directors being
elected in each year. As a consequence of our “staggered” board of directors, only a minority of the board of directors
will be considered for election and our Sponsor, because of its ownership position, will have considerable influence regarding
the outcome. Accordingly, our initial stockholders will continue to exert control at least until the consummation of a business
combination. You may be unable to ascertain the
merits or risks of any particular target business’ operations. We may pursue an acquisition
opportunity in any business industry or sector. Accordingly, there is no current basis for you to evaluate the possible merits
or risks of the particular industry in which we may ultimately operate or the target business which we may ultimately acquire.
To the extent we complete a business combination with a financially unstable company or an entity in its development stage, we
may be affected by numerous risks inherent in the business operations of those entities. If we complete a business combination
with an entity in an industry characterized by a high level of risk, we may be affected by the currently unascertainable risks
of that industry. Although our management will endeavor to evaluate the risks inherent in a particular industry or target business,
we cannot assure you that we will properly ascertain or assess all of the significant risk factors. We also cannot assure you that
an investment in our units will not ultimately prove to be less favorable to investors than a direct investment, if an opportunity
were available, in a target business. The ability of our stockholders to
exercise their conversion rights or sell their shares to us in a tender offer may not allow us to effectuate the most desirable
business combination or optimize our capital structure. If our business combination
requires us to use substantially all of our cash to pay the purchase price, because we will not know how many stockholders may
exercise conversion rights or seek to sell their shares to us in a tender offer, we may either need to reserve part of the trust
account for possible payment upon such conversion, or we may need to arrange third party financing to help fund our business combination.
In the event that the acquisition involves the issuance of our stock as consideration, we may be required to issue a higher percentage
of our stock to make up for a shortfall in funds. Raising additional funds to cover any shortfall may involve dilutive equity financing
or incurring indebtedness at higher than desirable levels. This may limit our ability to effectuate the most attractive business
combination available to us. 13 In connection with any vote to approve
a business combination, we will offer each public stockholder the option to vote in favor of a proposed business combination and
still seek conversion of his, her or its shares. In connection with
any vote to approve a business combination, we will offer each public stockholder (but not our Sponsor, officers or directors)
the right to have his, her or its shares of common stock converted to cash (subject to the limitations described elsewhere in this
Form 10-K) regardless of whether such stockholder votes for or against such proposed business combination or does not vote at all.
The ability to seek conversion while voting in favor of our proposed business combination may make it more likely that we will
consummate a business combination. In connection with any stockholder
meeting called to approve a proposed initial business combination or an amendment to our charter to extend the date by which we
must complete an initial business combination, we may require stockholders who wish to convert their shares in connection with
such proposal to comply with specific requirements for conversion that may make it more difficult for them to exercise their conversion
rights prior to the deadline for exercising their rights. In connection with
any stockholder meeting called to approve a proposed initial business combination or an amendment to our charter to extend the
date by which we must complete an initial business combination, each public stockholder will have the right, regardless of whether
he is voting for or against such proposal or does not vote at all, to demand that we convert his shares into a pro rata share of
the trust account as of two business days prior to the consummation thereof. We may require public stockholders who wish to convert
their shares to either (i) tender their certificates to our transfer agent or (ii) deliver their shares to the transfer agent electronically
using the Depository Trust Company’s DWAC (Deposit/Withdrawal At Custodian) System, at the holders’ option, in each
case prior to a date set forth in the tender offer documents or proxy materials sent in connection with the proposal. In order
to obtain a physical stock certificate, a stockholder’s broker and/or clearing broker, DTC and our transfer agent will need
to act to facilitate this request. It is our understanding that stockholders should generally allot at least two weeks to obtain
physical certificates from the transfer agent. However, because we do not have any control over this process or over the brokers
or DTC, it may take significantly longer than two weeks to obtain a physical stock certificate. While we have been advised that
it takes a short time to deliver shares through the DWAC System, we cannot assure you of this fact. Accordingly, if it takes longer
than we anticipate for stockholders to deliver their shares, stockholders who wish to convert may be unable to meet the deadline
for exercising their conversion rights and thus may be unable to convert their shares. If, in connection with any stockholder
meeting called to approve a proposed business combination, we require public stockholders who wish to convert their shares to comply
with specific requirements for conversion, such converting stockholders may be unable to sell their securities when they wish to
in the event that the proposed business combination is not approved. If we require public
stockholders who wish to convert their shares to comply with specific requirements for conversion and such proposed business combination
is not consummated, we will promptly return such certificates to the tendering public stockholders. Accordingly, investors who
attempted to convert their shares in such a circumstance will be unable to sell their securities after the failed acquisition until
we have returned their securities to them. The market price for our shares of common stock may decline during this time and you
may not be able to sell your securities when you wish to, even while other stockholders that did not seek conversion may be able
to sell their securities. Because of our structure, other companies
may have a competitive advantage and we may not be able to consummate an attractive business combination. We expect to encounter
intense competition from entities other than blank check companies having a business objective similar to ours, including venture
capital funds, leveraged buyout funds and operating businesses competing for acquisitions. Many of these entities are well established
and have extensive experience in identifying and effecting business combinations directly or through affiliates. Many of these
competitors possess greater technical, human and other resources than we do and our financial resources will be relatively limited
when contrasted with those of many of these competitors. While we believe that there are numerous potential target businesses that
we could acquire with the net proceeds of our IPO, our ability to compete in acquiring certain sizable target businesses will be
limited by our available financial resources. This inherent competitive limitation gives others an advantage in pursuing the acquisition
of certain target businesses. Furthermore, seeking stockholder approval or engaging in a tender offer in connection with any proposed
business combination may delay the consummation of such a transaction. Additionally, our outstanding warrants, and the future dilution
they potentially represent, may not be viewed favorably by certain target businesses. Any of the foregoing may place us at a competitive
disadvantage in successfully negotiating a business combination. 14 Because we must furnish our stockholders
with target business financial statements prepared in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles or international
financial reporting standards, we will not be able to complete a business combination with prospective target businesses unless
their financial statements are prepared in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles or international financial
reporting standards. The federal proxy rules
require that a proxy statement with respect to a vote on a business combination meeting certain financial significance tests include
historical and/or pro forma financial statement disclosure in periodic reports. These financial statements may be required to be
prepared in accordance with, or be reconciled to, accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America, or
GAAP, or international financial reporting standards, or IFRS, depending on the circumstances, and the historical financial statements
may be required to be audited in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States),
or PCAOB. We will include the same financial statement disclosure in connection with any tender offer documents we use, whether
or not they are required under the tender offer rules. Additionally, to the extent we furnish our stockholders with financial statements
prepared in accordance with IFRS, such financial statements will need to be audited in accordance with U.S. GAAP at the time of
the consummation of the business combination. These financial statement requirements may limit the pool of potential target businesses
we may acquire. A provision of our warrant agreement
may make it more difficult for us to consummate an initial business combination. If: ● | we issue additional shares of common stock or equity-linked securities for capital raising purposes in connection with the closing of our initial business combination at an issue price or effective issue price of less than $9.50 per share of common stock, ● | the aggregate gross proceeds from such issuances represent more than 60% of the total equity proceeds, and interest thereon, available for the funding of our initial business combination on the date of the consummation of our initial business combination (net of redemptions), and ● | the volume weighted average trading price of our common stock during the 20 trading day period starting on the trading day prior to the day on which we consummate our initial business combination (such price, the “Market Value”) is below $9.50 per share, then the exercise price of the warrants
will be adjusted to be equal to 115% of the higher of the Market Value and the price at which we issue the additional shares of
common stock or equity-linked securities. This may make it more difficult for us to consummate an initial business combination
with a target business. 15 We may issue shares of our capital
stock or debt securities to complete a business combination, which would reduce the equity interest of our stockholders and likely
cause a change in control of our ownership. Our amended and restated
certificate of incorporation authorizes the issuance of up to 65,000,000 shares of common stock, par value $0.0001 per share,
and 1,000,000 shares of preferred stock, par value $0.0001 per share. We may issue a substantial number of additional shares
of common stock or shares of preferred stock, or a combination of common stock and preferred stock, to complete a business combination.
The issuance of additional shares of common stock will not reduce the per-share conversion amount in the trust account. The
issuance of additional shares of common stock or preferred stock: ● | may significantly reduce the equity interest of investors in our common stock; ● | may subordinate the rights of holders of shares of common stock if we issue shares of preferred stock with rights senior to those afforded to our shares of common stock; ● | may cause a change in control if a substantial number of shares of common stock are issued, which may affect, among other things, our ability to use our net operating loss carry forwards, if any, and could result in the resignation or removal of our present officers and directors; and ● | may adversely affect prevailing market prices for our shares of common stock. Similarly, if we issue debt securities,
it could result in: ● | default and foreclosure on our assets if our operating revenues after a business combination are insufficient to repay our debt obligations; ● | acceleration of our obligations to repay the indebtedness even if we make all principal and interest payments when due if we breach certain covenants that require the maintenance of certain financial ratios or reserves without a waiver or renegotiation of that covenant; ● | our immediate payment of all principal and accrued interest, if any, if the debt security is payable on demand; and ● | our inability to obtain necessary additional financing if the debt security contains covenants restricting our ability to obtain such financing while the debt security is outstanding. If we incur indebtedness, our lenders will
not have a claim on the cash in the trust account and such indebtedness will not decrease the per-share conversion amount
in the trust account. We may be unable to obtain additional
financing, if required, to complete a business combination or to fund the operations and growth of the target business, which could
compel us to restructure or abandon a particular business combination. Although we believe
that the net proceeds of our IPO, together with interest earned on the funds held in the trust account available to us, will be
sufficient to allow us to consummate a business combination, because we have not yet identified any prospective target business,
we cannot ascertain the capital requirements for any particular transaction. If the net proceeds of our IPO prove to be insufficient,
either because of the size of the business combination, the depletion of the available net proceeds in search of a target business,
or the obligation to convert into cash a significant number of shares from dissenting stockholders, we will be required to seek
additional financing. Such financing may not be available on acceptable terms, if at all. To the extent that additional financing
proves to be unavailable when needed to consummate a particular business combination, we would be compelled to either restructure
the transaction or abandon that particular business combination and seek an alternative target business candidate. In addition,
if we consummate a business combination, we may require additional financing to fund the operations or growth of the target business.
The failure to secure additional financing could have a material adverse effect on the continued development or growth of the target
business. None of our Sponsor, officers, directors or stockholders is required to provide any financing to us in connection with
or after a business combination. We may not obtain a fairness opinion
with respect to the target business that we seek to acquire and therefore you may be relying solely on the judgment of our board
of directors in approving a proposed business combination. We will only be required
to obtain a fairness opinion with respect to the target business that we seek to acquire if it is an entity that is affiliated
with any of our Sponsor, initial stockholders, officers, directors or their affiliates. In all other instances, we will have no
obligation to obtain an opinion. Accordingly, investors will be relying solely on the judgment of our board of directors in approving
a proposed business combination. 16 Resources could be spent researching
acquisitions that are not consummated, which could materially adversely affect subsequent attempts to locate and acquire or merge
with another business. It is anticipated that
the investigation of each specific target business and the negotiation, drafting, and execution of relevant agreements, disclosure
documents, and other instruments will require substantial management time and attention and substantial costs for accountants,
attorneys and others. If a decision is made not to complete a specific business combination, the costs incurred up to that point
for the proposed transaction likely would not be recoverable. Furthermore, even if an agreement is reached relating to a specific
target business, we may fail to consummate the business combination for any number of reasons including those beyond our control.
Any such event will result in a loss to us of the related costs incurred which could materially adversely affect subsequent attempts
to locate and acquire or merge with another business. We may only be able to complete one
business combination with the proceeds from our IPO, which will cause us to be solely dependent on a single business which may
have a limited number of products or services. It is likely we will
consummate a business combination with a single target business, although we have the ability to simultaneously acquire several
target businesses. By consummating a business combination with only a single entity, our lack of diversification may subject us
to numerous economic, competitive and regulatory developments. Further, we would not be able to diversify our operations or benefit
from the possible spreading of risks or offsetting of losses, unlike other entities which may have the resources to complete several
business combinations in different industries or different areas of a single industry. Accordingly, the prospects for our success
may be: ● | solely dependent upon the performance of a single business, or ● | dependent upon the development or market acceptance of a single or limited number of products, processes or services. This lack of diversification
may subject us to numerous economic, competitive and regulatory developments, any or all of which may have a substantial adverse
impact upon the particular industry in which we may operate subsequent to a business combination. Alternatively, if we
determine to simultaneously acquire several businesses and such businesses are owned by different sellers, we will need for each
of such sellers to agree that our purchase of its business is contingent on the simultaneous closings of the other business combinations,
which may make it more difficult for us, and delay our ability, to complete the business combination. With multiple business combinations,
we could also face additional risks, including additional burdens and costs with respect to possible multiple negotiations and
due diligence investigations (if there are multiple sellers) and the additional risks associated with the subsequent assimilation
of the operations and services or products of the acquired companies in a single operating business. If we are unable to adequately
address these risks, it could negatively impact our profitability and results of operations. Our search for an initial business
combination, and any target business with which we ultimately consummate an initial business combination, may be materially adversely
affected by the recent coronavirus (COVID-19) outbreak and other events, and the status of debt and equity markets. The COVID-19 pandemic has adversely
affected, and other events (such as terrorist attacks, natural disasters or a significant outbreak of other infectious diseases)
could adversely affect, the economies and financial markets worldwide, and the business of any potential target business with which
we consummate an initial business combination could be materially and adversely affected. Furthermore, we may be unable to complete
an initial business combination if concerns relating to COVID-19 continue to restrict travel, limit the ability to have meetings
with potential investors or the target company’s personnel, vendors and services providers are unavailable to negotiate and
consummate a transaction in a timely manner. The extent to which COVID-19 impacts our search for an initial business combination
will depend on future developments, which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted, including new information which may emerge
concerning the severity of COVID-19 and the actions to contain COVID-19 or treat its impact, among others. If the disruptions
posed by COVID-19 or other events (such as terrorist attacks, natural disasters or a significant outbreak of other infectious
diseases) continue for an extensive period of time, our ability to consummate an initial business combination, or the operations
of a target business with which we ultimately consummate an initial business combination, may be materially adversely affected. 17 In addition, our ability to consummate
a transaction may be dependent on the ability to raise equity and debt financing which may be impacted by COVID-19 and other
events (such as terrorist attacks, natural disasters or a significant outbreak of other infectious diseases), including as a result
of increased market volatility, decreased market liquidity in third-party financing being unavailable on terms acceptable
to us or at all. As the number of special purpose
acquisition companies evaluating targets increases, attractive targets may become scarcer and there may be more competition for
attractive targets. This could increase the cost of our initial business combination and could even result in our inability to
find a target or to consummate an initial business combination. In recent years and especially since the
fourth quarter of 2020, the number of special purpose acquisition companies that have been formed has increased substantially.
Many potential targets for special purpose acquisition companies have already entered into an initial business combination, and
there are still many special purpose acquisition companies seeking targets for their initial business combination, as well as many
such companies currently in registration. As a result, at times, fewer attractive targets may be available, and it may require
more time, more effort and more resources to identify a suitable target and to consummate an initial business combination. In addition, because there are more special
purpose acquisition companies seeking to enter into an initial business combination with available targets, the competition for
available targets with attractive fundamentals or business models may increase, which could cause targets companies to demand improved
financial terms. Attractive deals could also become scarcer for other reasons, such as economic or industry sector downturns, geopolitical
tensions, or increases in the cost of additional capital needed to close business combinations or operate targets post-business combination.
This could increase the cost of, delay or otherwise complicate or frustrate our ability to find and consummate an initial business
combination, and may result in our inability to consummate an initial business combination on terms favorable to our investors
altogether. Changes in the market for directors
and officers liability insurance could make it more difficult and more expensive for us to negotiate and complete an initial business
combination. In recent months, the market for directors
and officers liability insurance for special purpose acquisition companies has changed. The premiums charged for such policies
have generally increased and the terms of such policies have generally become less favorable. There can be no assurance that these
trends will not continue. The increased cost and decreased availability
of directors and officers liability insurance could make it more difficult and more expensive for us to negotiate an initial business
combination. In order to obtain directors and officers liability insurance or modify its coverage as a result of becoming a public
company, the post-business combination entity might need to incur greater expense, accept less favorable terms or both. However,
any failure to obtain adequate directors and officers liability insurance could have an adverse impact on the post-business combination’s
ability to attract and retain qualified officers and directors. In addition, even after we were to complete
an initial business combination, our directors and officers could still be subject to potential liability from claims arising from
conduct alleged to have occurred prior to the initial business combination. As a result, in order to protect our directors and
officers, the post-business combination entity may need to purchase additional insurance with respect to any such claims (“run-off insurance”).
The need for run-off insurance would be an added expense for the post-business combination entity, and could interfere
with or frustrate our ability to consummate an initial business combination on terms favorable to our investors. 18 Risks Relating to the Post-Business
Combination Company Our ability to successfully effect
a business combination and to be successful thereafter will be totally dependent upon the efforts of our key personnel, some of
whom may join us following a business combination. While we intend to closely scrutinize any individuals we engage after a business
combination, we cannot assure you that our assessment of these individuals will prove to be correct. Our ability to successfully
effect a business combination is dependent upon the efforts of our key personnel. We believe that our success depends on the continued
service of our key personnel, at least until we have consummated our initial business combination. We cannot assure you that any
of our key personnel will remain with us for the immediate or foreseeable future. In addition, none of our officers are required
to commit any specified amount of time to our affairs and, accordingly, our officers will have conflicts of interest in allocating
management time among various business activities, including identifying potential business combinations and monitoring the related
due diligence. We do not have employment agreements with, or key-man insurance on the life of, any of our officers. The unexpected
loss of the services of our key personnel could have a detrimental effect on us. The role of our key
personnel after a business combination, however, cannot presently be ascertained. Although some of our key personnel may serve
in senior management or advisory positions following a business combination, it is likely that most, if not all, of the management
of the target business will remain in place. While we intend to closely scrutinize any individuals we engage after a business combination,
we cannot assure you that our assessment of these individuals will prove to be correct. These individuals may be unfamiliar with
the requirements of operating a public company which could cause us to have to expend time and resources helping them become familiar
with such requirements. This could be expensive and time-consuming and could lead to various regulatory issues which may adversely
affect our operations. Our officers and directors may not
have significant experience or knowledge regarding the jurisdiction or industry of the target business we may seek to acquire. We may consummate a
business combination with a target business in any geographic location or industry we choose, although we intend to focus on companies
or assets ancillary to the cannabis industry. We cannot assure you that our officers and directors will have enough experience
or have sufficient knowledge relating to the jurisdiction of the target or its industry to make an informed decision regarding
a business combination. If we do not conduct an adequate
due diligence investigation of a target business, we may be required to subsequently take write-downs or write-offs, restructuring,
and impairment or other charges that could have a significant negative effect on our financial condition, results of operations
and our stock price, which could cause you to lose some or all of your investment. We must conduct a due
diligence investigation of the target businesses we intend to acquire. Intensive due diligence is time consuming and expensive
due to the operations, accounting, finance and legal professionals who must be involved in the due diligence process. Even if we
conduct extensive due diligence on a target business, this diligence may not reveal all material issues that may affect a particular
target business, and factors outside the control of the target business and outside of our control may later arise. If our diligence
fails to identify issues specific to a target business, industry or the environment in which the target business operates, we may
be forced to later write-down or write-off assets, restructure our operations, or incur impairment or other charges that
could result in our reporting losses. Even though these charges may be non-cash items and not have an immediate impact on
our liquidity, the fact that we report charges of this nature could contribute to negative market perceptions about us or our common
stock. In addition, charges of this nature may cause us to violate net worth or other covenants to which we may be subject as a
result of assuming pre-existing debt held by a target business or by virtue of our obtaining post-combination debt financing. 19 If we effect a business combination
with a company located in a foreign jurisdiction, we would be subject to a variety of additional risks that may negatively impact
our operations. If we are successful
in consummating a business combination with a target business in a foreign country, we would be subject to any special considerations
or risks associated with companies operating in the target business’ home jurisdiction, including any of the following: ● | rules and regulations or currency conversion or corporate withholding taxes on individuals; ● | tariffs and trade barriers; ● | regulations related to customs and import/export matters; ● | longer payment cycles; ● | tax issues, such as tax law changes and variations in tax laws as compared to the United States; ● | currency fluctuations and exchange controls; ● | challenges in collecting accounts receivable; ● | cultural and language differences; ● | employment regulations; ● | crime, strikes, riots, civil disturbances, terrorist attacks and wars; and ● | deterioration of political relations with the United States. We cannot assure you
that we would be able to adequately address these additional risks. If we were unable to do so, our operations might suffer. If we effect a business combination
with a company located outside of the United States, the laws applicable to such company will likely govern all of our material
agreements and we may not be able to enforce our legal rights. If we effect a business
combination with a company located outside of the United States, the laws of the country in which such company operates will govern
almost all of the material agreements relating to its operations. We cannot assure you that the target business will be able to
enforce any of its material agreements or that remedies will be available in this new jurisdiction. The system of laws and the
enforcement of existing laws in such jurisdiction may not be as certain in implementation and interpretation as in the United States.
The inability to enforce or obtain a remedy under any of our future agreements could result in a significant loss of business,
business opportunities or capital. Additionally, if we acquire a company located outside of the United States, it is likely that
substantially all of our assets would be located outside of the United States and some of our officers and directors might reside
outside of the United States. As a result, it may not be possible for investors in the United States to enforce their legal rights,
to effect service of process upon our directors or officers or to enforce judgments of United States courts predicated upon civil
liabilities and criminal penalties of our directors and officers under federal securities laws. There may be tax consequences to
our business combinations that may adversely affect us. While we expect to
undertake any merger or acquisition so as to minimize taxes both to the acquired business and/or asset and us, such business combination
might not meet the statutory requirements of a tax-free reorganization, or the parties might not obtain the intended tax-free treatment
upon a transfer of shares or assets. A non-qualifying reorganization could result in the imposition of substantial taxes. Risks Relating to Potential Conflicts
of Interest of our Management, Directors, and Others Our officers and directors will allocate
their time to other businesses thereby causing conflicts of interest in their determination as to how much time to devote to our
affairs. This could have a negative impact on our ability to consummate a business combination. Our officers and directors
do not commit their full time to our affairs. We expect each of our officers and directors to devote such amount of time as they
reasonably believe is necessary to our business. We do not intend to have any full time employees prior to the consummation of
our initial business combination. The foregoing could have a negative impact on our ability to consummate our initial business
combination. 20 Our officers and directors may have
a conflict of interest in determining whether a particular target business is appropriate for a business combination. Our Sponsor has waived
its right to convert its founders’ shares or any other shares purchased in our IPO or thereafter, or to receive distributions
from the trust account with respect to its founders’ shares upon our liquidation if we are unable to consummate a business
combination. Accordingly, the shares acquired prior to our IPO, as well as the private securities and any warrants purchased by
our officers or directors in the aftermarket, will be worthless if we do not consummate a business combination. The personal and
financial interests of our directors and officers may influence their motivation in timely identifying and selecting a target business
and completing a business combination. Consequently, our directors’ and officers’ discretion in identifying and selecting
a suitable target business may result in a conflict of interest when determining whether the terms, conditions and timing of a
particular business combination are appropriate and in our stockholders’ best interest. Our officers and directors or their
affiliates have pre-existing fiduciary and contractual obligations and may in the future become affiliated with other entities
engaged in business activities similar to those intended to be conducted by us. Accordingly, they may have conflicts of interest
in determining to which entity a particular business opportunity should be presented. Our officers and directors
or their affiliates have pre-existing fiduciary and contractual obligations to other companies. Accordingly, they may participate
in transactions and have obligations that may be in conflict or competition with our consummation of our initial business combination.
As a result, a potential target business may be presented by our management team to another entity prior to its presentation to
us and we may not be afforded the opportunity to engage in a transaction with such target business. Additionally, our officers
and directors may in the future become affiliated with entities that are engaged in a similar business, including another blank
check company that may have acquisition objectives that are similar to ours. Accordingly, they may have conflicts of interest in
determining to which entity a particular business opportunity should be presented. These conflicts may not be resolved in our favor
and a potential target business may be presented to other entities prior to its presentation to us, subject to our officers’
and directors’ fiduciary duties under Delaware law. Our key personnel may negotiate employment
or consulting agreements with a target business in connection with a particular business combination. These agreements may provide
for them to receive compensation following a business combination and as a result, may cause them to have conflicts of interest
in determining whether a particular business combination is the most advantageous. Our key personnel will
be able to remain with the company after the consummation of a business combination only if they are able to negotiate employment
or consulting agreements or other appropriate arrangements in connection with the business combination. Such negotiations would
take place simultaneously with the negotiation of the business combination and could provide for such individuals to receive compensation
in the form of cash payments and/or our securities for services they would render to the company after the consummation of the
business combination. The personal and financial interests of such individuals may influence their motivation in identifying and
selecting a target business. EarlyBirdCapital may have a conflict
of interest in rendering services to us in connection with our initial business combination. We have engaged EarlyBirdCapital
to assist us in connection with our initial business combination. We will pay EarlyBirdCapital a cash fee for such services in
an aggregate amount equal to up to 3.5% of the total gross proceeds raised in our IPO only if we consummate our initial business
combination. The representative shares will also be worthless if we do not consummate an initial business combination. These financial
interests may result in EarlyBirdCapital having a conflict of interest when providing the services to us in connection with an
initial business combination. 21 Risks Relating to our Securities If we do not file and maintain a
current and effective prospectus relating to the common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants, holders will only be able
to exercise such warrants on a “cashless basis.” If we do not file and
maintain a current and effective prospectus relating to the common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants at the time that
holders wish to exercise such warrants, they will only be able to exercise them on a “cashless basis” provided that
an exemption from registration is available. As a result, the number of shares of common stock that holders will receive upon exercise
of the warrants will be fewer than it would have been had such holder exercised his warrant for cash. Further, if an exemption
from registration is not available, holders would not be able to exercise on a cashless basis and would only be able to exercise
their warrants for cash if a current and effective prospectus relating to the common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants
is available. Under the terms of the warrant agreement, we have agreed to use our best efforts to meet these conditions and to
file and maintain a current and effective prospectus relating to the common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants until
the expiration of the warrants. However, we cannot assure you that we will be able to do so. If we are unable to do so, the potential
“upside” of the holder’s investment in our company may be reduced or the warrants may expire worthless. An investor will only be able to
exercise a warrant if the issuance of shares of common stock upon such exercise has been registered or qualified or is deemed exempt
under the securities laws of the state of residence of the holder of the warrants. No warrants will be
exercisable and we will not be obligated to issue shares of common stock unless the shares of common stock issuable upon such exercise
has been registered or qualified or deemed to be exempt under the securities laws of the state of residence of the holder of the
warrants. If the shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants are not qualified or exempt from qualification in
the jurisdictions in which the holders of the warrants reside, the warrants may be deprived of any value, the market for the warrants
may be limited and they may expire worthless if they cannot be sold. The private warrants included in
the Private Units may be exercised at a time when the public warrants may not be exercised. Once the private warrants
included in the Private Units become exercisable, such warrants may immediately be exercised on a cashless basis, at the holder’s
option, so long as they are held by the initial purchasers or their permitted transferees. The public warrants, however, will only
be exercisable on a cashless basis at the option of the holders if we fail to register the shares issuable upon exercise of the
warrants under the Securities Act within 90 days following the closing of our initial business combination. Accordingly, it is
possible that the holders of the private warrants could exercise such warrants at a time when the holders of public warrants could
not. We may amend the terms of the warrants
in a manner that may be adverse to holders with the approval by the holders of at least 50% of the then outstanding public warrants. Our warrants were issued
in registered form under a warrant agreement between Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company, as warrant agent, and us.
The warrant agreement provides that the terms of the warrants may be amended without the consent of any holder to cure any ambiguity
or correct any defective provision. The warrant agreement requires the approval by the holders of at least 50% of the then outstanding
public warrants in order to make any change that adversely affects the interests of the registered holders. If third parties bring claims against
us, the proceeds held in trust could be reduced and the per-share redemption price received by stockholders may be less than $10.00. Our placing of funds
in trust may not protect those funds from third party claims against us. Although we will seek to have all vendors and service
providers we engage and prospective target businesses we negotiate with execute agreements with us waiving any right, title, interest
or claim of any kind in or to any monies held in the trust account for the benefit of our public stockholders, they may not execute
such agreements. Furthermore, even if such entities execute such agreements with us, they may seek recourse against the trust account.
A court may not uphold the validity of such agreements. Accordingly, the proceeds held in trust could be subject to claims which
could take priority over those of our public stockholders. If we are unable to complete a business combination and distribute the
proceeds held in trust to our public stockholders, our Sponsor has agreed (subject to certain exceptions described elsewhere in
this Form 10-K) that it will be liable to ensure that the proceeds in the trust account are not reduced below $10.00 per share
by the claims of target businesses or claims of vendors or other entities that are owed money by us for services rendered or contracted
for or products sold to us. However, we have not asked our Sponsor to reserve for such indemnification obligations, nor have we
independently verified whether our Sponsor has sufficient funds to satisfy its indemnity obligations and believe that our Sponsor’s
only assets are securities of our company. Therefore, we believe it is unlikely that our Sponsor will be able to satisfy its indemnification
obligations if it is required to do so. As a result, the per-share distribution from the trust account may be less than $10.00,
plus interest, due to such claims. 22 Additionally, if we
are forced to file a bankruptcy case or an involuntary bankruptcy case is filed against us which is not dismissed, the proceeds
held in the trust account could be subject to applicable bankruptcy law, and may be included in our bankruptcy estate and subject
to the claims of third parties with priority over the claims of our stockholders. To the extent any bankruptcy claims deplete the
trust account, we may not be able to return to our public stockholders at least $10.00. Our stockholders may be held liable
for claims by third parties against us to the extent of distributions received by them. Our amended and restated
certificate of incorporation provides that we will continue in existence only until April 30, 2021 (unless such date is extended
by our stockholders). If we have not completed a business combination by such date, we will (i) cease all operations except for
the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem 100%
of the outstanding public shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in
the trust account, including any interest not previously released to us but net of franchise and income taxes payable, divided
by the number of then outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public stockholders’ rights
as stockholders (including the right to receive further liquidation distributions, if any), subject to applicable law, and (iii)
as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining stockholders and our board
of directors, dissolve and liquidate, subject (in the case of (ii) and (iii) above) to our obligations under Delaware law to provide
for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. We cannot assure you that we will properly assess all claims
that may be potentially brought against us. As such, our stockholders could potentially be liable for any claims to the extent
of distributions received by them (but no more) and any liability of our stockholders may extend well beyond the third anniversary
of the date of distribution. Accordingly, we cannot assure you that third parties will not seek to recover from our stockholders
amounts owed to them by us. If we are forced to
file a bankruptcy case or an involuntary bankruptcy case is filed against us which is not dismissed, any distributions received
by stockholders could be viewed under applicable debtor/creditor and/or bankruptcy laws as either a “preferential transfer”
or a “fraudulent conveyance.” As a result, a bankruptcy court could seek to recover all amounts received by our stockholders.
Furthermore, because we intend to distribute the proceeds held in the trust account to our public stockholders promptly after expiration
of the time we have to complete an initial business combination, this may be viewed or interpreted as giving preference to our
public stockholders over any potential creditors with respect to access to or distributions from our assets. Furthermore, our board
may be viewed as having breached their fiduciary duties to our creditors and/or may have acted in bad faith, and thereby exposing
itself and our company to claims of punitive damages, by paying public stockholders from the trust account prior to addressing
the claims of creditors. We cannot assure you that claims will not be brought against us for these reasons. Our directors may decide not to enforce
our Sponsor’s indemnification obligations, resulting in a reduction in the amount of funds in the trust account available
for distribution to our public stockholders. In the event that the
proceeds in the trust account are reduced below $10.00 per public share and our Sponsor asserts that it is unable to satisfy its
obligations or that it has no indemnification obligations related to a particular claim, our independent directors would determine
whether to take legal action against our Sponsor to enforce such indemnification obligations. It is possible that our independent
directors in exercising their business judgment may choose not to do so in any particular instance. If our independent directors
choose not to enforce these indemnification obligations, the amount of funds in the trust account available for distribution to
our public stockholders may be reduced below $10.00 per share. 23 Nasdaq may delist our securities
from quotation on its exchange which could limit investors’ ability to make transactions in our securities and subject us
to additional trading restrictions. Our securities are
listed on Nasdaq, a national securities exchange. Although we expect to meet on a pro forma basis Nasdaq’s minimum initial
listing standards, which generally only requires that we meet certain requirements relating to stockholders’ equity, market
capitalization, aggregate market value of publicly held shares and distribution requirements, we cannot assure you that our securities
will continue to be listed on Nasdaq in the future prior to an initial business combination. Further, we cannot assure you that
we will continue to meet Nasdaq’s corporate governance requirements. On January 6, 2021, we received a notice from the
Listing Qualifications Department of The Nasdaq Stock Market stating that we failed to hold an Annual Meeting of stockholders within
12 months after our fiscal year ended December 31, 2019, as required by Nasdaq Listing Rule 5620(a). In accordance
with Nasdaq Listing Rule 5810(c)(2)(G), we submitted a plan to regain compliance on February 4, 2021. Nasdaq accepted
our plan and granted us an extension through June 29, 2021 to hold an annual meeting. Nasdaq’s decision is subject to certain
conditions, including that we provide periodic updates with respect to our proposed business combination with Microvast. While
we expect to comply with such requirements, there can be no assurance that we will be able to do so. Additionally, in connection
with our initial business combination, it is likely that Nasdaq will require us to file a new initial listing application and meet
its initial listing requirements as opposed to its more lenient continued listing requirements. We cannot assure you that we will
be able to meet those initial listing requirements at that time. Nasdaq will also have discretionary authority to not approve our
listing if Nasdaq determines that the listing of the company to be acquired is against public policy at that time. If Nasdaq delists our
securities from trading on its exchange, or we are not listed in connection with our initial business combination, we could face
significant material adverse consequences, including: ● | a limited availability of market quotations for our securities; ● | reduced liquidity with respect to our securities; ● | a determination that our shares of common stock are “penny stock” which will require brokers trading in our shares of common stock to adhere to more stringent rules, possibly resulting in a reduced level of trading activity in the secondary trading market for our shares of common stock; ● | a limited amount of news and analyst coverage for our company; and ● | a decreased ability to issue additional securities or obtain additional financing in the future. The National Securities
Markets Improvement Act of 1996, which is a federal statute, prevents or preempts the states from regulating the sale of certain
securities, which are referred to as “covered securities.” Because our units, common stock and warrants are listed
on Nasdaq, our units, common stock and warrants will be covered securities. Although the states are preempted from regulating the
sale of our securities, the federal statute does allow the states to investigate companies if there is a suspicion of fraud, and,
if there is a finding of fraudulent activity, then the states can regulate or bar the sale of covered securities in a particular
case. While we are not aware of a state having used these powers to prohibit or restrict the sale of securities issued by blank
check companies, certain state securities regulators view blank check companies unfavorably and might use these powers, or threaten
to use these powers, to hinder the sale of securities of blank check companies in their states. Further, if we were no longer listed
on Nasdaq, our securities would not be covered securities and we would be subject to regulation in each state in which we offer
our securities. Our outstanding warrants may have
an adverse effect on the market price of our common stock and make it more difficult to effect a business combination. We issued warrants
to purchase 27,600,000 shares of common stock as part of the units offered in our IPO and private warrants to purchase 687,000 shares
of common stock as part of the Private Units. We may also issue other units and warrants to our Sponsor, initial stockholders,
officers, directors or their affiliates in payment of working capital loans made to us. To the extent we issue shares of common
stock to effect a business combination, the potential for the issuance of a substantial number of additional shares upon exercise
of these warrants could make us a less attractive acquisition vehicle in the eyes of a target business. Such securities, when exercised,
will increase the number of issued and outstanding shares of common stock and reduce the value of the shares issued to complete
the business combination. Accordingly, our warrants may make it more difficult to effectuate a business combination or increase
the cost of acquiring the target business. Additionally, the sale, or even the possibility of sale, of the shares underlying the
warrants could have an adverse effect on the market price for our securities or on our ability to obtain future financing. If and
to the extent these warrants are exercised, you may experience dilution to your holdings. 24 We may redeem your unexpired warrants
prior to their exercise at a time that is disadvantageous to you, thereby making your warrants worthless. We have the ability
to redeem outstanding warrants (excluding the private warrants included in the Private Units and any warrants underlying additional
units issued to our Sponsor, officers or directors in payment of working capital loans made to us) at any time after they become
exercisable and prior to their expiration, at a price of $0.01 per warrant, provided that the last reported sales price of the
common stock equals or exceeds $18.00 per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations and recapitalizations)
for any 20 trading days within a 30 trading-day period ending on the third business day prior to proper notice of such redemption
provided that on the date we give notice of redemption and during the entire period thereafter until the time we redeem the warrants,
we have an effective registration statement under the Securities Act covering the shares of common stock issuable upon exercise
of the warrants and a current prospectus relating to them is available. If and when the warrants become redeemable by us, we may
exercise our redemption right even if we are unable to register or qualify the underlying securities for sale under all applicable
state securities laws. Redemption of the outstanding warrants could force you (i) to exercise your warrants and pay the exercise
price therefor at a time when it may be disadvantageous for you to do so, (ii) to sell your warrants at the then-current market
price when you might otherwise wish to hold your warrants or (iii) to accept the nominal redemption price which, at the time the
outstanding warrants are called for redemption, is likely to be substantially less than the market value of your warrants. None
of the private warrants included in the Private Units will be redeemable by us so long as they are held by the initial purchasers
or their permitted transferees. Our management’s ability to
require holders of our warrants to exercise such warrants on a cashless basis will cause holders to receive fewer shares of common
stock upon their exercise of the warrants than they would have received had they been able to exercise their warrants for cash. If we call our public
warrants for redemption after the redemption criteria described elsewhere in this Form 10-K have been satisfied, our management
will have the option to require any holder that wishes to exercise his warrant (including any private warrants included in the
Private Units) to do so on a “cashless basis.” If our management chooses to require holders to exercise their warrants
on a cashless basis, the number of shares of common stock received by a holder upon exercise will be fewer than it would have been
had such holder exercised his warrant for cash. This will have the effect of reducing the potential “upside” of the
holder’s investment in our company. If our security holders exercise
their registration rights, it may have an adverse effect on the market price of our shares of common stock and the existence of
these rights may make it more difficult to effect a business combination. Our Sponsor is entitled
to make a demand that we register the resale of the founders’ shares at any time commencing three months prior to the date
on which their shares may be released from escrow. Additionally, the holders of representative shares, the private securities and
any units and warrants our Sponsor, initial stockholders, officers, directors, or their affiliates may be issued in payment of
working capital loans made to us, are entitled to demand that we register the resale of the representative shares, private securities
and any other units and warrants we issue to them (and the underlying securities) commencing at any time after we consummate an
initial business combination. The presence of these additional securities trading in the public market may have an adverse effect
on the market price of our securities. In addition, the existence of these rights may make it more difficult to effectuate a business
combination or increase the cost of acquiring the target business, as the stockholders of the target business may be discouraged
from entering into a business combination with us or will request a higher price for their securities because of the potential
effect the exercise of such rights may have on the trading market for our shares of common stock. 25 Provisions in our amended and restated
certificate of incorporation and bylaws and Delaware law may inhibit a takeover of us, which could limit the price investors might
be willing to pay in the future for our common stock and could entrench management. Our amended and restated
certificate of incorporation and bylaws contain provisions that may discourage unsolicited takeover proposals that stockholders
may consider to be in their best interests. Our board of directors is divided into three classes, each of which will generally
serve for a term of three years with only one class of directors being elected in each year. As a result, at a given annual meeting
only a minority of the board of directors may be considered for election. Since our “staggered board” may prevent our
stockholders from replacing a majority of our board of directors at any given annual meeting, it may entrench management and discourage
unsolicited stockholder proposals that may be in the best interests of stockholders. Moreover, our board of directors has the ability
to designate the terms of and issue new series of preferred stock. We are also subject
to anti-takeover provisions under Delaware law, which could delay or prevent a change of control. Together these provisions
may make more difficult the removal of management and may discourage transactions that otherwise could involve payment of a premium
over prevailing market prices for our securities. Our amended and restated certificate
of incorporation provides, subject to limited exceptions, that the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware will be the sole
and exclusive forum for certain stockholder litigation matters, which could limit our stockholders’ ability to obtain a favorable
judicial forum for disputes with us or our directors, officers, employees or stockholders. Our amended and restated
certificate of incorporation requires, to the fullest extent permitted by law, that derivative actions brought in our name, actions
against directors, officers and employees for breach of fiduciary duty and other similar actions may be brought only in the Court
of Chancery in the State of Delaware and, if brought outside of Delaware, the stockholder bringing the suit will be deemed to have
consented to service of process on such stockholder’s counsel except any action (A) as to which the Court of Chancery in
the State of Delaware determines that there is an indispensable party not subject to the jurisdiction of the Court of Chancery
(and the indispensable party does not consent to the personal jurisdiction of the Court of Chancery within ten days following such
determination), (B) which is vested in the exclusive jurisdiction of a court or forum other than the Court of Chancery, (C) for
which the Court of Chancery does not have subject matter jurisdiction, or (D) any action arising under the Securities Act, as to
which the Court of Chancery and the federal district court for the District of Delaware shall have concurrent jurisdiction. Any
person or entity purchasing or otherwise acquiring any interest in shares of our capital stock shall be deemed to have notice of
and consented to the forum provisions in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation. This choice of forum
provision may limit a stockholder’s ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum that it finds favorable for disputes with
us or any of our directors, officers or employees, which may discourage lawsuits with respect to such claims, although our stockholders
will not be deemed to have waived our compliance with federal securities laws and the rules and regulations thereunder and may
therefore bring a claim in another appropriate forum. We cannot be certain that a court will decide that this provision is either
applicable or enforceable, and if a court were to find the choice of forum provision contained in our amended and restated certificate
of incorporation to be inapplicable or unenforceable in an action, we may incur additional costs associated with resolving such
action in other jurisdictions, which could harm our business, operating results and financial condition. Our amended and restated
certificate of incorporation also provides that the exclusive forum provision will be applicable to the fullest extent permitted
by applicable law. Section 27 of the Exchange Act creates exclusive federal jurisdiction over all suits brought to enforce any
duty or liability created by the Exchange Act or the rules and regulations thereunder. As a result, the exclusive forum provision
will not apply to suits brought to enforce any duty or liability created by the Exchange Act or any other claim for which the federal
courts have exclusive jurisdiction. 26 General Risks We are an “emerging growth
company” and we cannot be certain if the reduced disclosure requirements applicable to emerging growth companies will make
our shares of common stock less attractive to investors. We are an “emerging
growth company,” as defined in the JOBS Act. We will remain an “emerging growth company” for up to five years.
However, if our non-convertible debt issued within a three year period or revenues exceeds $1.07 billion, or the market
value of our shares of common stock that are held by non-affiliates exceeds $700 million on the last day of the second
fiscal quarter of any given fiscal year, we would cease to be an emerging growth company as of the following fiscal year. As an
emerging growth company, we are not required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act,
we have reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements and we are
exempt from the requirements of holding a nonbinding advisory vote on executive compensation and stockholder approval of any golden
parachute payments not previously approved. Additionally, as an emerging growth company, we have elected to delay the adoption
of new or revised accounting standards that have different effective dates for public and private companies until those standards
apply to private companies. As such, our financial statements may not be comparable to companies that comply with public company
effective dates. We cannot predict if investors will find our shares of common stock less attractive because we may rely on these
provisions. If some investors find our shares of common stock less attractive as a result, there may be a less active trading market
for our shares and our share price may be more volatile. If we are deemed to be an investment
company, we may be required to institute burdensome compliance requirements and our activities may be restricted, which may make
it difficult for us to complete a business combination. A company that, among
other things, is or holds itself out as being engaged primarily, or proposes to engage primarily, in the business of investing,
reinvesting, owning, trading or holding certain types of securities would be deemed an investment company under the Investment
Company Act, as amended, or the Investment Company Act. Since the proceeds of our IPO held in the trust account have been invested
by us, it is possible that we could be deemed an investment company. Notwithstanding the foregoing, we do not believe that our
anticipated principal activities will subject us to the Investment Company Act. To this end, the proceeds held in trust may be
invested by the trustee only in United States “government securities” within the meaning of Section 2(a)(16) of the
Investment Company Act having a maturity of 180 days or less or in money market funds meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 promulgated
under the Investment Company Act which invest only in direct U.S. government treasury obligations. By restricting the investment
of the proceeds to these instruments, we intend to meet the requirements for the exemption provided in Rule 3a-1 promulgated
under the Investment Company Act. If we are nevertheless
deemed to be an investment company under the Investment Company Act, we may be subject to certain restrictions that may make it
more difficult for us to complete a business combination, including: ● | restrictions on the nature of our investments; and ● | restrictions on the issuance of securities. In addition, we may
have imposed upon us certain burdensome requirements, including: ● | registration as an investment company; ● | adoption of a specific form of corporate structure; and ● | reporting, record keeping, voting, proxy, compliance policies and procedures and disclosure requirements and other rules and regulations. Compliance with these
additional regulatory burdens would require additional expense for which we have not allotted. Changes in laws or regulations, or
a failure to comply with any laws and regulations, may adversely affect our business, investments and results of operations. We are subject to laws
and regulations enacted by national, regional and local governments. In particular, we are required to comply with certain SEC
and other legal requirements. Compliance with, and monitoring of, applicable laws and regulations may be difficult, time consuming
and costly. Those laws and regulations and their interpretation and application may also change from time to time and those changes
could have a material adverse effect on our business, investments and results of operations. In addition, a failure to comply with
applicable laws or regulations, as interpreted and applied, could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of
operations. 27 ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS Not applicable. ITEM 2. PROPERTY We currently maintain
our principal executive offices at 135 E. 57th St., 18th Floor, New York, NY 10022. The cost for this space is included in the
$10,000 per-month fee Vogel Partners, LLP, an affiliate of Stephen A. Vogel, our Chief Executive Officer, charges us for general
and administrative services. We consider our current office space, combined with the other office space otherwise available to
our executive officers, adequate for our current operations. ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS None. ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES Not applicable. 28 PART
II ITEM
5. MARKET FOR COMMON EQUITY AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES Market
Information Our
units, common stock and warrants are listed on the Nasdaq Capital Markets (“Nasdaq”) under the symbols THCBU, THCB
and THCBW, respectively. Holders As of March 23, 2021,
there were three holders of record of our units, twelve holders of record of our common stock and one holder of record of our warrants. Dividends We
have not paid any cash dividends on our shares of common stock to date and do not intend to pay cash dividends prior to the completion
of a business combination. The payment of cash dividends in the future will be contingent upon our revenues and earnings, if any,
capital requirements, and general financial condition subsequent to completion of a business combination. The payment of any dividends
subsequent to a business combination will be within the discretion of our then board of directors. It is the present intention
of our board of directors to retain all earnings, if any, for use in our business operations and, accordingly, our board does
not anticipate declaring any dividends in the foreseeable future. Further, if we incur any indebtedness in connection with our
initial business combination, our ability to declare dividends may be limited by restrictive covenants we may agree to in connection
therewith. Securities
Authorized for Issuance under Equity Compensation Plans None. Recent
Sales of Unregistered Securities None. Purchases
of Equity Securities by Issuer and Affiliates No
purchases of our equity securities have been made by us or affiliated purchasers within the fourth quarter of the fiscal year
ended December 31, 2020. ITEM
6. SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA Not
applicable. 29 ITEM
7. MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS The
following discussion and analysis of the Company’s financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction
with our audited financial statements and the notes related thereto which are included in “Item 8. Financial Statements
and Supplementary Data” of this Form 10-K. Certain information contained in the discussion and analysis set forth below
includes forward-looking statements. Our actual results may differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking
statements as a result of many factors, including those set forth under “Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements,”
“Item 1A. Risk Factors” and elsewhere in this Form 10-K. Overview We
are a blank check company incorporated on November 5, 2018 as a Delaware corporation and formed for the purpose of entering into
a merger, share exchange, asset acquisition, stock purchase, recapitalization, reorganization or similar business combination
with one or more businesses or entities. We intend to effectuate our initial business combination using cash from the proceeds
of the IPO and the sale of the private units, our capital stock, debt or a combination of cash, stock and debt. Our
entire activity since inception relates to our formation, to prepare for our IPO, which was consummated on March 7, 2019, searching
for a business combination candidate, and activities in connection with the proposed acquisition of Microvast. Recent
Developments Microvast
Business Combination On
February 1, 2021, Tuscan entered into the Merger Agreement with Microvast and Merger Sub. Pursuant to the Merger Agreement, Merger
Sub will merge with and into Microvast and Microvast will survive the merger and become a wholly owned subsidiary of Tuscan. Under
the Merger Agreement, all of the equity interests of Microvast will be converted into an aggregate of 210,000,000 shares of common
stock. The Microvast shareholders and the investors in Microvast’s majority-owned subsidiary, MPS, will also have the ability
to earn an additional 20,000,000 shares of common stock if the daily volume weighted average price of the common stock is greater
than or equal to $18.00 for any 20 trading days within a 30 trading day period (or a change of control occurs that results in
the holders of common stock receiving a per share price equal to or in excess of $18.00), during the period commencing on the
closing date and ending on the third anniversary of the closing date. Concurrently with the execution of the Merger Agreement,
Tuscan and Microvast will jointly acquire 100% ownership of MPS and will discharge certain convertible loans of MPS. The Merger will be
accounted for as a reverse recapitalization in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of
America (“U.S. GAAP”). Under this method of accounting, Tuscan will be treated as the “acquired” company
for accounting purposes and the Business Combination will be treated as the equivalent of Microvast issuing stock for the net assets
of Tuscan, accompanied by a recapitalization. The net assets of Tuscan will be stated at historical cost, with no goodwill or other
intangible assets recorded. Additionally,
the Merger Agreement provides that Tuscan will issue an aggregate of 6,736,111 shares of common stock in connection with
the Bridge Note Conversion. Further,
on February 1, 2021, Tuscan, the Sponsor, Microvast and certain stockholders of Tuscan entered into the Sponsor Support Agreement,
pursuant to which the Sponsor Group agreed, among other things, to vote all equity interests of Tuscan held by such member of
the Sponsor Group in favor of the approval and adoption of the proposed business combination with Microvast. Additionally, such
members of the Sponsor Group have agreed not to (a) transfer any of their equity interests in the Company (or enter into any arrangement
with respect thereto) other than as set forth therein or (b) exercise any conversion rights of any equity interests held by such
member of the Sponsor Group in connection with the approval of the proposed business combination. The
Sponsor also agreed that, to the extent that certain expenses of Tuscan are in excess of $46,000,000 (unless such expenses shall
have been approved by Microvast), the Sponsor will either (i) pay any such excess amount in cash or (ii) forfeit to Tuscan such
number of shares of common stock held by the Sponsor that would have a value equal to such excess. The Sponsor also agreed to
amend the escrow agreement to make certain adjustments to the terms of the escrow of its shares of common stock as set forth in
the Sponsor Support Agreement. 30 Contemporaneously with
the execution of the Merger Agreement, certain investors entered into Subscription Agreements pursuant to which such investors
subscribed for an aggregate value of $482,500,000, representing 48,250,000 shares of Tuscan common stock at a purchase price of
$10.00 per share in a private placement to be consummated immediately prior to the consummation of the Transactions. Affiliates
of InterPrivate, a co-sponsor of Tuscan, subscribed to purchase 6.5 million shares in the PIPE Financing for an aggregate purchase
price of $65 million. Immediately
following the Closing, the former equityholders of Microvast will hold approximately 69.9% of the issued and outstanding shares
of common stock and the current stockholders of Tuscan will hold approximately 9.2% of the issued and outstanding shares of common
stock, which pro forma ownership (1) assumes no Public Stockholder exercises its conversion rights in connection with the
business combination, and (2) reflects the issuance of an aggregate of 48,250,000 shares of Common Stock in the PIPE
Financing and 6,736,111 shares of common stock in the Bridge Notes Conversion, but does not include the effect of any other
financing of Tuscan. If the maximum number of Public Shares are converted into cash such that Microvast does not have the right
to terminate the Merger Agreement (i.e., Tuscan has at least $5,000,001 of net tangible assets immediately prior to or upon consummation
of the business combination), such percentages will be approximately 76.8% and 0.2%, respectively. Extension
Amendment On
December 3, 2020, Tuscan received stockholder approval to extend the date by which it must complete an initial business combination
from December 7, 2020 to April 30, 2021. In connection with such extension, holders of 3,198 Public Shares exercised their right
to convert their shares into cash at a conversion price of approximately $10.22 per share, for an aggregate conversion amount
of approximately $32,684. On March 12, 2021,
Tuscan filed a preliminary proxy statement seeking approval from its stockholders to amend Tuscan’s charter to further extend
the date by which Tuscan is required to complete its initial business combination from April 30, 2021 to July 31, 2021 and to hold
an annual meeting for the election of directors in accordance with Nasdaq listing rules. Loan
Commitment On February 12,
2021, the Sponsor extended a loan to Tuscan in the aggregate principal amount totaling $1.2 million, of which $400,000 was
drawn upon on such date. This loan was in addition to the previous $200,000 drawn upon the $300,000 convertible note that was committed
by the Sponsor on April 21, 2020. As a result of the February 12, 2021 commitment, the Sponsor had committed to the Company
a total of $1.5 million, of which a total of $600,000 has been drawn upon, with $400,000 of the drawn amount pursuant to the February 12,
2021 note. The Sponsor intends to convert the $1.5 million total loan balance into 150,000 Units immediately prior to the closing
of the proposed business combination with Microvast. Such Units will have terms identical to the terms of the Company’s Private
Units and will consist of (i) 150,000 shares of common stock and (ii) warrants to purchase 150,000 shares of common stock
at an exercise price of $11.50 per share, subject to adjustment. Nasdaq
Notification On
January 6, 2021, we received a notice from the Listing Qualifications Department of The Nasdaq Stock Market stating that
we failed to hold an Annual Meeting of stockholders within 12 months after our fiscal year ended December 31, 2019,
as required by Nasdaq Listing Rule 5620(a). In accordance with Nasdaq Listing Rule 5810(c)(2)(G), we submitted a plan
to regain compliance on February 4, 2021. Nasdaq accepted our plan and granted us an extension through June 29, 2021 to hold
an annual meeting. Nasdaq’s decision is subject to certain conditions, including that we provide periodic updates with respect
to our proposed business combination with Microvast. While we expect to comply with such requirements, there can be no assurance
that we will be able to do so. 31 Results
of Operations Our
only activities from November 5, 2018 (inception) through December 31, 2020 were organizational activities, those necessary to
consummate the IPO, described below, and, after the IPO, searching for a target company for a business combination. We do not
expect to generate any operating revenues until after the completion of our business combination. We generate non-operating income
in the form of interest income on marketable securities held in the trust account. We incur expenses as a result of being a public
company (for legal, financial reporting, accounting and auditing compliance), as well as for due diligence expenses. For
the year ended December 31, 2020, we had net income of $1,375,461, which consisted of interest income on marketable securities
held in the Trust Account of $2,654,140 and an unrealized gain on marketable securities held in the Trust Account of $9,750 offset
by operating costs of $921,665 and a provision for income taxes of $366,764. For the year ended December 31, 2020, income
earned on the investment held in the trust account decreased $2,258,206, or 46.0% to $2,654,140 from $4,912,346 for the year ended
December 31, 2019. As a result of the Covid-19 pandemic, the average annual yield on the investment held in the trust account
dropped to 0.10% in the second quarter of 2020 down from an average of 1.73% for 2019 and the first quarter of 2020. For
the year ended December 31, 2019, we had net income of $3,367,179, which consisted of interest income on marketable securities
held in the trust account of $4,912,346 and an unrealized gain on marketable securities held in the trust account of $128,899,
offset by operating costs of $778,815 and a provision for income taxes of $895,251. Liquidity
and Capital Resources On
March 7, 2019, we consummated our IPO of 24,000,000 units, at a price of $10.00 per unit, generating gross proceeds of $240,000,000.
Simultaneously with the closing of the IPO, we consummated the sale of 615,000 private units to our Sponsor and EarlyBirdCapital
and its designee, generating gross proceeds of $6,150,000. On March 12, 2019, in connection with the underwriters’ exercise
of their over-allotment option in full, we consummated the sale of an additional 3,600,000 units at a price of $10.00 per unit,
generating total gross proceeds of $36,000,000. In addition, we also consummated the sale of an additional 72,000 private units
to our Sponsor and EarlyBirdCapital and its designee at $10.00 per private unit, generating total gross proceeds of $720,000.
Following the IPO, the exercise of the over-allotment option and the sale of the private units, a total of $276,000,000 was placed
in the trust account. We incurred $6,059,098 in IPO related costs, including $5,520,000 of underwriting fees, and $539,098 of
other costs. As of December 31,
2020, we had marketable securities held in the Trust Account of $282,254,978 (including approximately $6,255,000 of interest income
and unrealized gains less interest withdrawn) consisting of U.S. treasury bills with a maturity of 180 days or less. Interest income
on the balance in the Trust Account may be used by us to pay taxes. Through December 31, 2020, we withdrew approximately $1,417,000
of interest earned on the Trust Account to pay our franchise and income tax obligations, of which approximately $479,000 was withdrawn
during the year ended December 31, 2020. For
the year ended December 31, 2020, cash used in operating activities was $705,994. Net income of $1,375,461 was affected by interest
earned on marketable securities held in the Trust Account of $2,654,140, an unrealized gain on marketable securities held in our
Trust Account of $9,750 and a deferred income tax benefit of $5,601. Changes in operating assets and liabilities provided $588,036
of cash from operating activities. For
the year ended December 31, 2019, cash used in operating activities was $1,634,432. Net income of $3,367,179 was affected by interest
earned on marketable securities held in the trust account of $4,912,346, an unrealized gain on marketable securities held in our
trust account of $128,899 and a deferred income tax provision of $27,069. Changes in operating assets and liabilities provided
$12,565 of cash from operating activities. We intend to use substantially
all of the funds held in the trust account, to acquire a target business and to pay our expenses relating thereto, including fees
payable to EarlyBirdCapital and Morgan Stanley, upon consummation of our initial business combination for assisting us in connection
with our initial business combination. To the extent that our capital stock is used in whole or in part as consideration to effect
a business combination, the remaining funds held in the trust account will be used as working capital to finance the operations
of the target business. Such working capital funds could be used in a variety of ways including continuing or expanding the target
business’ operations, for strategic acquisitions and for marketing, research and development of existing or new products.
Such funds could also be used to repay any operating expenses or finders’ fees which we had incurred prior to the completion
of our business combination if the funds available to us outside of the trust account were insufficient to cover such expenses. As
of December 31, 2020, we had cash of $135,961. We intend to use the funds held outside the trust account for identifying and evaluating
prospective acquisition candidates, performing business due diligence on prospective target businesses, traveling to and from
the offices, plants or similar locations of prospective target businesses, reviewing corporate documents and material agreements
of prospective target businesses, selecting the target business to acquire and structuring, negotiating and consummating the business
combination. 32 On
April 20, 2020, the Sponsor committed to provide us an aggregate of $500,000 in loans. The loans shall be non-interest bearing,
unsecured and due upon the consummation of a business combination. In the event that a business combination does not close, the
loans would be repaid only out of funds held outside the Trust Account to the extent such funds are available. Otherwise, all
amounts loaned to us would be forgiven. On April 21, 2020,
we issued an unsecured promissory note to the Sponsor in the aggregate amount of $300,000 (the “Sponsor Note”), of
which $200,000 was drawn upon on such date. The Sponsor Note is non-interest bearing and payable upon the consummation of
a business combination. The Sponsor Note is convertible, at the lender’s option, into units of the post-business combination
entity at a price of $10.00 per unit. The units would be identical to the Private Units. If a business combination is not consummated,
the Sponsor Notes will not be repaid by us and all amounts owed thereunder by us will be forgiven except to the extent that we
have funds available to us outside of our Trust Account. As of December 31, 2020, there was $200,000 outstanding under the Sponsor
Note. In order to fund working
capital deficiencies or finance transaction costs in connection with a business combination, the Sponsor or our officers and directors
or their affiliates may, but are not obligated to, loan us funds on a non-interest basis as may be required, except as described
above. If we complete our initial business combination, we will repay such loaned amounts. In the event that our initial business
combination does not close, we may use a portion of the working capital held outside the trust account to repay such loaned amounts
but no proceeds from our trust account would be used for such repayment. Up to $1,500,000 of notes may be convertible into private
units, at a price of $10.00 per unit. The units would be identical to the private units. As described above,
our Sponsor committed to loan us a total of $1.5 million (inclusive of amounts currently outstanding) in aggregate principal amount
prior to the consummation of the proposed business combination with Microvast. We will need to raise additional capital through
loans or additional investments from our Sponsor, stockholders, officers, directors, or third parties. Other than the $1.5 million
loan (inclusive of amounts currently outstanding) committed to us by our Sponsor, our Sponsor, officers, directors, or their affiliates
may, but are not obligated to, loan us funds, from time to time or at any time, in whatever amount they deem reasonable in their
sole discretion, to meet our working capital needs. Accordingly, we may not be able to obtain additional financing. If we are
unable to raise such additional capital, we may be required to take additional measures to conserve liquidity, which could include,
but not necessarily be limited to, curtailing operations, suspending the pursuit of a potential transaction, and reducing overhead
expenses. We cannot provide any assurance that new financing will be available to us on commercially acceptable terms, if at all.
These conditions raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern through April 30, 2021 (or July 31,
2021, if our stockholders approve an amendment to our charter), the date that we will be required to cease all operations, except
for the purpose of winding up, if a business combination is not consummated. The financial statements included in this Form 10-K
do not include any adjustments relating to the recovery of the recorded assets or the classification of the liabilities that might
be necessary should we be unable to continue as a going concern. Off-Balance
Sheet Financing Arrangements We
did not have any off-balance sheet arrangements as of December 31, 2020. Contractual
Obligations We
do not have any long-term debt, capital lease obligations, operating lease obligations or long-term liabilities other than an
agreement to pay an affiliate of our Sponsor a monthly fee of $10,000 for office space, utilities and secretarial and administrative
support. We began incurring these fees on March 5, 2019 and will continue to incur these fees monthly until the earlier of the
completion of the business combination and our liquidation. We
have engaged EarlyBirdCapital to act as an advisor in connection with a business combination, to assist us in holding meetings
with our shareholders to discuss the potential business combination and the target business’ attributes, introduce us to
potential investors that are interested in purchasing our securities in connection with a business combination, assist us in obtaining
shareholder approval for the business combination and assist us with our press releases and public filings in connection with
the business combination. We will pay EarlyBirdCapital a cash fee for such services upon the consummation of a business combination
in an amount equal to $9,660,000 (exclusive of any applicable finders’ fees which might become payable); provided that up
to 30% of the fee may be allocated at our sole discretion to other FINRA members that assist us in identifying and consummating
a business combination. We engaged Morgan Stanley to provide financial advisory
services in connection with the Microvast business combination, and, upon consummation of the transaction with Microvast, we must
pay that firm a transaction fee of $5.5 million, plus expenses. Morgan Stanley also acted as placement agent in connection with
the PIPE Financing, and we are obligated to pay Morgan Stanley a placement fee equal to (i) 3.5% of the sum of (x) the aggregate
gross proceeds raised in the PIPE Financing up to $300 million (not including funds from the sale of certain excluded securities)
and (y) any borrowings pursuant to a bridge financing provided in connection with the proposed business combination by investors
introduced by Morgan Stanley, and (ii) 2.5% of the aggregate gross proceeds raised in the PIPE Financing above $300 million. 33 Critical
Accounting Policies The
preparation of financial statements and related disclosures in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the
United States of America (“GAAP”) requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts
of assets and liabilities, disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements, and income
and expenses during the periods reported. Actual results could materially differ from those estimates. We have identified the
following critical accounting policies: Common
Stock Subject to Possible Redemption We
account for our common stock subject to possible conversion in accordance with the guidance in Accounting Standards Codification
(“ASC”) Topic 480 “Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity.” Common stock subject to mandatory redemption
is classified as a liability instrument and is measured at fair value. Conditionally redeemable common stock (including common
stock that features redemption rights that are either within the control of the holder or subject to redemption upon the occurrence
of uncertain events not solely within our control) is classified as temporary equity. At all other times, common stock is classified
as stockholders’ equity. Our common stock features certain redemption rights that are considered to be outside of our control
and subject to occurrence of uncertain future events. Accordingly, common stock subject to possible redemption is presented at
redemption value as temporary equity, outside of the stockholders’ equity section of our balance sheets. Net Income (Loss) Per Common Share Our statement of operations
includes a presentation of income per share for common shares subject to possible redemption in a manner similar to the two-class
method of loss per share. Net income per common share, basic and diluted, for Common stock subject to possible redemption is calculated
by dividing the proportionate share of income on marketable securities held by the Trust Account, net of applicable franchise and
income taxes, by the weighted average number of Common stock subject to possible redemption outstanding since original issuance. Net loss per share,
basic and diluted, for non-redeemable common stock is calculated by dividing the net income, adjusted for income on marketable
securities attributable to Common stock subject to possible redemption, by the weighted average number of non-redeemable common
stock outstanding for the period. Non-redeemable common
stock includes Founder Shares and non-redeemable shares of common stock as these shares do not have any redemption features. Non-redeemable
common stock participates in the income on marketable securities based on non-redeemable common stock shares’ proportionate
interest. Recent
Accounting Pronouncements Management
does not believe that any other recently issued, but not yet effective, accounting standards, if currently adopted, would have
a material effect on our financial statements. ITEM
7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK Not
applicable. ITEM
8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA This
information appears following Item 16 of this Report and is incorporated herein by reference. ITEM
9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE. None. 34 ITEM
9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES Disclosure
Controls and Procedures Disclosure
controls and procedures are controls and other procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed
in our reports filed or submitted under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods
specified in the SEC’s rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures
designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in company reports filed or submitted under the Exchange Act is accumulated
and communicated to management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, to allow timely decisions regarding
required disclosure. As
required by Rules 13a-15 and 15d-15 under the Exchange Act, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer carried out
an evaluation of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures as of December 31, 2020.
Based upon their evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that our disclosure controls and
procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act) were effective. Management’s
Annual Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting As
required by SEC rules and regulations implementing Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, our management is responsible for
establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. Our internal control over financial reporting
is designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of our financial
statements for external reporting purposes in accordance with GAAP. Our internal control over financial reporting includes those
policies and procedures that: (1) | pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of our company, (2) | provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with GAAP, and that our receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorizations of our management and directors, and (3) | provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of our assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. Because of its inherent
limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect errors or misstatements in our financial statements.
Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate
because of changes in conditions, or that the degree or compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. The Chief Executive
Officer and Chief Financial Officer assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting at December 31,
2020. In making these assessments, the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer used the criteria set forth by the Committee
of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) in Internal Control — Integrated Framework (2013). Based on
their assessments and those criteria, the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer determined that we maintained effective
internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2020. This
Form 10-K does not include an attestation report of internal controls from our independent registered public accounting firm due
to our status as an emerging growth company under the JOBS Act. Changes
in Internal Control over Financial Reporting There
were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting (as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) of
the Exchange Act) during the most recent fiscal quarter that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially
affect, our internal control over financial reporting. ITEM
9B. OTHER INFORMATION None. 35 PART
III ITEM
10. DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF THE REGISTRANT Directors
and Executive Officers Our
current directors and executive officers are as follows: Name | Age | Position
Stephen A. Vogel | 72 | Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
Ruth Epstein | 57 | President, Chief Financial Officer and Director
Stefan M. Selig | 56 | Director
Richard O. Rieger | 62 | Director
Amy Butte | 52 | Director Stephen
A. Vogel has served as Tuscan’s Chairman and Chief Executive Officer since its inception. He has also served
as Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Tuscan Holdings Corp. II (“Tuscan II”), a blank check company like Tuscan
that is searching for a target business with which to consummate an initial business combination, since March 2019. Mr. Vogel
has over 40 years of operating and private equity experience. He has served as General Partner of Vogel Partners, LLP, a
private investment firm, since 1996. He served as President of Twelve Seas Investment Company, a blank check company, from May
2018 until the completion of its business combination with Brooge Holdings Limited in December 2019, and he has served as a director
of the company from June 2018 until December 2019. From December 2016 until February 2018, Mr. Vogel was Executive
Chairman of Forum Merger Corporation, a blank check company that completed its initial public offering in April 2017. Forum
completed its initial business combination in February 2018 with C1 Investment Corp. and in connection with the consummation
of the business combination changed its name to ConvergeOne Holdings, Inc. (NASDAQ: CVON). Mr. Vogel began his career in
1971 as President, Chief Executive Officer and co-founder of Synergy Gas Corp., a retail propane distribution company. After
selling Synergy Gas Corp. to Northwestern Corp. in 1995, Mr. Vogel co-founded EntreCapital Partners, a private equity
firm that focused on companies facing operational or management challenges, and served until 1999. Additionally, he was a
venture partner at EnerTech Capital Partners, an energy focused venture capital firm, from 1999 to 2002, and an operating partner
at Tri-Artisan Capital Partners, LLC, an investment bank, from 2004 to 2006. Mr. Vogel also served as Chief Executive
Officer of Grameen America, a not-for-profit organization that provides microloans to low-income borrowers in the United States,
from 2008 to 2013. He was on the board of Netspend (NASDAQ: NTSP), a leader for prepaid stored value platforms, from 2011 to 2013.
Mr. Vogel was a member of the Board of Trustees at Montefiore Medical Center and Children’s Hospital for over 20 years
and served on the Board of Trustees at Lighthouse International, a non-profit organization. Mr. Vogel is a past Trustee
of the Horace Mann School and previously served on the Board of Directors of the National Propane Gas Association. Mr. Vogel
received a BS degree from Syracuse University School of Management. We believe Mr. Vogel is well-qualified to serve as a member
of the board due to his business experience, including prior blank check company experience and his contacts. Ruth
Epstein has served as Tuscan’s President, Chief Financial Officer and a member of Tuscan’s board of directors
since November 2018. Ms. Epstein has over 25 years’ experience providing financial and strategic advisory
services to companies across a wide range of mature and emerging growth industries. She has also been an active investor in, and
advisor to, companies operating in the legal cannabis industry. In 2017, she founded, and has since served as a Partner of, BGP
Advisors LLC, a financial and strategic advisory firm providing consulting and management services to companies in the emerging
legal cannabis industry. She has also been a registered representative at Pickwick Capital Partners since January 2019. In
2018, Ms. Epstein served as Chief Financial Officer and Chief Operating Officer of Treez, Inc., California’s leading
provider of point of sale and retail management solutions to cannabis dispensaries. From 2014 through February 2017, Ms. Epstein
served as Senior Vice President of Business Development for Holt Media Companies. From 2009 to 2013, Ms. Epstein served as
Chief Operating Officer for Arjewel Partners, LLC/ Bigelow Capital, LP, a long-short hedge fund. Prior to 2009, Ms. Epstein
raised an independent film fund and served as Executive Producer on several independent feature films. She began her career at
Goldman, Sachs & Co. in the Investment Banking Division. During her ten-year tenure with Goldman, Ms. Epstein
served as Vice President in Corporate Finance, working on numerous IPOs, debt and equity offerings and M&A transactions. Ms. Epstein
received a BA in Economics with Highest Honors from Wesleyan University and an MBA from Harvard Business School with First Year
Honors. We believe Ms. Epstein is well-qualified to serve as a member of the board due to her business experience. 36 Stefan
M. Selig has served as a member of Tuscan’s board of directors since November 2018. Mr. Selig is
the founder and Managing Partner of BridgePark Advisors LLC, a firm formed in January 2017 which provides personalized strategic
advice on a broad range of critical business and financial issues and transaction execution. Mr. Selig served as Under Secretary
of Commerce for International Trade at the U.S. Department of Commerce from June 2014 to June 2016, and during this
period headed the International Trade Administration, a global bureau of more than 2,200 trade and investment professionals. During
this period, he also served as the Executive Director of the U.S. Travel and Tourism Advisory Board, sat on the board of directors
of the Overseas Private Investment Corporation, was a Commissioner for the Congressional Executive Commission on China and was
the Executive Director of the President’s Advisory Council on Doing Business in Africa. Prior to that, he held various senior
level leadership positions at Bank of America Merrill Lynch beginning in 1999, including being the Executive Vice Chairman of
Global Corporate & Investment Banking from 2009 to 2014, and prior to that, he was Vice Chairman of Global Investment
Banking and Global Head of Mergers & Acquisitions. Mr. Selig currently serves on the board of directors of Simon
Property Group, Inc., Entercom Communications Corp. and Safehold Inc. Mr. Selig received an MBA from Harvard Business School
and a BA from Wesleyan University. We believe Mr. Selig is well-qualified to serve as a member of our board of directors due to
his business experience serving in prominent leadership roles in both the private and public sectors as well as his business contacts. Richard
O. Rieger has been a member of Tuscan’s board of directors since February 2019. He has also served as
Chief Financial Officer of Tuscan II since June 2019 and served as a director of Tuscan II from March 2019 to June 2019.
Mr. Rieger has over 33 years of investment experience. Since January 2016, he has served as the President of Inkblot
Capital, LLC, which is a family office. Prior to this, Mr. Rieger was a Principal, Member of the Executive Committee and
Co-Chief Investment Officer of Kingdon Capital Management LLC (“Kingdon”) from 1992 to September 2014 and
then served as a consultant to Kingdon until December 2015. He joined Kingdon in December 1992 as a Portfolio Manager
and was named Co-Director of Domestic Equity Research in March 1995 and the Chief Investment Officer in May 2002.
From January 1992 to December 1992, Mr. Rieger worked as a securities Analyst and a Portfolio Manager for Glickenhaus &
Co., an investment manager. Prior to this, Mr. Rieger served as an Analyst for several investment firms, including Ladenburg
Thalmann & Co. Inc., Allen & Company and Sloate, Weisman, Murray & Co. Mr. Rieger is on the Photography
Committee at the Museum of Modern Art and the Investment Committee of Ethical Cultural Fieldston School. He previously served
on the board of the University Settlement House in New York City and was a trustee at the Ethical Cultural Fieldston School
and the Rippowam Cisqua School in Bedford NY. Mr. Rieger received a B.A. from the University of Michigan. We believe Mr. Rieger
is well-qualified to serve as a member of our board of directors due to his business experience as well as business contacts and
relationships. Amy Butte has
been a member of Tuscan’s board of directors since February 2019. Ms. Butte has significant experience in leading
and advising companies through the IPO process. She spearheaded two public offerings as Chief Financial Officer, including the
public offering of the New York Stock Exchange in 2006. She has served as a Board Member and Audit Chair for Digital Ocean
Inc., a high-growth technology company, since 2018 and an Independent Director, Audit Chair and Risk Committee member for
BNP Paribas USA, Inc., an entity created to ensure compliance with Dodd-Frank regulations, since 2016. She has also served
as an advisor to the Long Term Stock Exchange, Inc., a Silicon Valley led start up creating a vision and marketplace for long-term investors,
issuers, and leaders, and Carbon38, Inc., an online athleisure destination, each since 2015, and previously served as an advisor
to other start-up companies. Previously, she was an Independent Director for the Fidelity Investments Strategic Advisors Funds
(2011 to 2017), a Board Member for Accion International, a global microfinance organization (2008 to 2016) and the founder of a
fintech startup, TILE Financial (2008 to 2012). From 2002 to 2008, Ms. Butte was CFO and Strategist for the Financial Services
Division of Credit Suisse First Boston, Inc., CFO and Executive Vice President at Nasdaq, and CFO of Man Financial, Inc. Between
1996 and 2002, Ms. Butte was an equity research analyst at Merrill Lynch & Co. and Bear Stearns & Co., where
she took part in multiple capital markets transactions. We believe Ms. Butte is well-qualified to serve as a member of our board
of directors due to her business experience, business contacts and relationships. 37 Our
board of directors is divided into three classes with only one class of directors being elected in each year and each class serving
a three-year term. The term of office of the first class of directors, consisting of Amy Butte, will expire at our first annual
meeting of stockholders. The term of office of the second class of directors, consisting of Ruth Epstein and Richard O. Rieger,
will expire at the second annual meeting. The term of office of the third class of directors, consisting of Stephen A. Vogel and
Stefan M. Selig, will expire at the third annual meeting. Director
Independence Nasdaq
rules require that a majority of the board of directors of a company listed on Nasdaq must be composed of “independent directors.”
An “independent director” is defined generally as a person other than an officer or employee of the company or its
subsidiaries or any other individual having a relationship, which, in the opinion of the company’s board of directors, would
interfere with the director’s exercise of independent judgment in carrying out the responsibilities of a director. We have
determined that Stefan M. Selig, Amy Butte, and Richard O. Rieger are independent directors under the Nasdaq rules and Rule 10A-3
of the Exchange Act. Our independent directors have regularly scheduled meetings at which only independent directors are present. Any
affiliated transactions will be on terms no less favorable to us than could be obtained from independent parties. Our board of
directors will review and approve all affiliated transactions with any interested director abstaining from such review and approval. Audit
Committee Effective
March 5, 2019, we established an audit committee of the board of directors, in accordance with Section 3(a)(58)(A) of the Exchange
Act, which consists of Stefan M. Selig, Richard O. Rieger and Amy Butte, each of whom is an independent director under Nasdaq’s
listing standards. The audit committee’s duties, which are specified in our Audit Committee Charter, include, but are not
limited to: ● | reviewing and discussing with management and the independent auditor the annual audited financial statements, and recommending to the board whether the audited financial statements should be included in our Form 10-K;
● | discussing with management and the independent auditor significant financial reporting issues and judgments made in connection with the preparation of our financial statements;
● | discussing with management major risk assessment and risk management policies;
● | monitoring the independence of the independent auditor;
● | verifying the rotation of the lead (or coordinating) audit partner having primary responsibility for the audit and the audit partner responsible for reviewing the audit as required by law;
● | reviewing and approving all related-party transactions;
● | inquiring and discussing with management our compliance with applicable laws and regulations;
● | pre-approving all audit services and permitted non-audit services to be performed by our independent auditor, including the fees and terms of the services to be performed;
● | appointing or replacing the independent auditor;
● | determining the compensation and oversight of the work of the independent auditor (including resolution of disagreements between management and the independent auditor regarding financial reporting) for the purpose of preparing or issuing an audit report or related work;
● | establishing procedures for the receipt, retention and treatment of complaints received by us regarding accounting, internal accounting controls or reports which raise material issues regarding our financial statements or accounting policies; and
● | approving reimbursement of expenses incurred by our management team in identifying potential target businesses. 38 Financial
Experts on Audit Committee The
audit committee will at all times be composed exclusively of “independent directors” who are “financially literate”
as defined under Nasdaq’s listing standards. In addition, we must certify to Nasdaq that the committee has, and will continue
to have, at least one member who has past employment experience in finance or accounting, requisite professional certification
in accounting, or other comparable experience or background that results in the individual’s financial sophistication. The
board of directors has determined that Amy Butte qualifies as an “audit committee financial expert,” as defined under
rules and regulations of the SEC. Nominating
Committee Effective
March 5, 2019, we established a nominating committee of the board of directors, which consists of Stefan M. Selig, Richard O.
Rieger and Amy Butte, each of whom is an independent director under Nasdaq’s listing standards. The nominating committee
is responsible for overseeing the selection of persons to be nominated to serve on our board of directors. The nominating committee
considers persons identified by its members, management, shareholders, investment bankers and others. Guidelines
for Selecting Director Nominees The
guidelines for selecting nominees, which are specified in the Nominating Committee Charter, generally provide that persons to
be nominated: ● | should have demonstrated notable or significant achievements in business, education or public service;
● | should possess the requisite intelligence, education and experience to make a significant contribution to the board of directors and bring a range of skills, diverse perspectives and backgrounds to its deliberations; and
● | should have the highest ethical standards, a strong sense of professionalism and intense dedication to serving the interests of the shareholders. The
Nominating Committee will consider a number of qualifications relating to management and leadership experience, background, and
integrity and professionalism in evaluating a person’s candidacy for membership on the board of directors. The nominating
committee may require certain skills or attributes, such as financial or accounting experience, to meet specific board needs that
arise from time to time and will also consider the overall experience and makeup of its members to obtain a broad and diverse
mix of board members. The nominating committee does not distinguish among nominees recommended by shareholders and other persons. There
have been no material changes to the procedures by which security holders may recommend nominees to our board of directors. 39 Compensation
Committee Effective
March 5, 2019, we established a compensation committee of the board of directors, which consists of Stefan M. Selig and Richard
O. Rieger, each of whom is an independent director under Nasdaq’s listing standards. The compensation committee’s
duties, which are specified in our Compensation Committee Charter, include, but are not limited to: ● | reviewing and approving on an annual basis the corporate goals and objectives relevant to our Chief Executive Officer’s compensation, evaluating our Chief Executive Officer’s performance in light of such goals and objectives and determining and approving the remuneration (if any) of our Chief Executive Officer based on such evaluation;
● | reviewing and approving the compensation of all of our other executive officers;
● | reviewing our executive compensation policies and plans;
● | implementing and administering our incentive compensation equity-based remuneration plans;
● | assisting management in complying with our proxy statement and annual report disclosure requirements;
● | approving all special perquisites, special cash payments and other special compensation and benefit arrangements for our executive officers and employees;
● | if required, producing a report on executive compensation to be included in our annual proxy statement; and
● | reviewing, evaluating, and recommending changes, if appropriate, to the remuneration for directors. Code
of Ethics Effective
March 5, 2019, we adopted a code of ethics that applies to all of our executive officers, directors, and employees. The code of
ethics codifies the business and ethical principles that govern all aspects of our business. ITEM
11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION Executive
Compensation No
executive officer has received any cash compensation for services rendered to us. Until consummation of an initial business combination,
we will pay Vogel Partners, LLP, an affiliate of Mr. Vogel, an aggregate fee of $10,000 per month for providing us with office
space and certain office and secretarial services. However, this arrangement is solely for our benefit and is not intended to
provide Mr. Vogel compensation in lieu of a salary. We may also pay consulting, success or finder fees to our Sponsor, officers,
directors, initial stockholders or their affiliates in connection with the consummation of our initial business combination. They
will also receive reimbursement for any out-of-pocket expenses incurred by them in connection with activities on our behalf, such
as identifying potential target businesses, performing business due diligence on suitable target businesses and business combinations,
as well as traveling to and from the offices, plants, or similar locations of prospective target businesses to examine their operations.
There is no limit on the amount of out-of-pocket expenses reimbursable by us. After
our initial business combination, members of our management team who remain with us may be paid consulting, management, or other
fees from the combined company with any and all amounts being fully disclosed to shareholders, to the extent then known, in the
proxy solicitation materials furnished to our shareholders. The amount of such compensation may not be known at the time of a
shareholder meeting held to consider an initial business combination, as it will be up to the directors of the post-combination
business to determine executive and director compensation. In this event, such compensation will be publicly disclosed at the
time of its determination in a Current Report on Form 8-K, as required by the SEC. Since
our formation, we have not granted any stock options or stock appreciation rights or any other awards under long-term incentive
plans to any of our executive officers or directors. 40 ITEM
12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED SHAREHOLDER MATTERS The
following table sets forth information regarding the beneficial ownership of our common stock by: ● | each person known by us to be the beneficial owner of more than 5% of our outstanding shares of common stock;
● | each of our officers and directors; and
● | all of our officers and directors as a group. Unless
otherwise indicated, we believe that all persons named in the table have sole voting and investment power with respect to all
shares of common stock beneficially owned by them. The following table does not reflect record of beneficial ownership of the
warrants included in the units offered in the IPO or the Private Units as the warrants are not exercisable within 60 days of the
date hereof. Name and Address of Beneficial Owner (1) | Amount and Nature of Beneficial Ownership | Approximate Percentage of Outstanding Shares
Officers and Directors:
Stephen A. Vogel | 7,308,589 | (2) | 20.77 | %
Ruth Epstein | - | (3) | -
Stefan M. Selig | 30,000 | (3) | *
Amy Butte | 30,000 | (3) | *
Richard O Rieger | 30,000 | (3) | *
All directors and executive officers as a group (six individuals) | 7,458,589 | 21.02 | %
Five Percent Holders:
Tuscan Holdings Acquisition LLC | 7,368,589 | (2) | 20.77 | %
Alpine Global Management, LLC | 2,036,308 | (4) | 5.74 | % * | Less than 1%.
(1) | Unless otherwise indicated, the business address of each of the individuals is 135 E. 57th St., 18th Floor, New York, NY 10022.
(2) | Represents securities held by Tuscan Holdings Acquisition LLC, our Sponsor, of which Mr. Vogel is sole managing member. Mr. Vogel disclaims beneficial ownership of the reported shares other than to the extent of his ultimate pecuniary interest therein.
(3) | Does not include any securities held by Tuscan Holdings Acquisition LLC, of which each person is a member. Each such person disclaims beneficial ownership of the reported shares other than to the extent of his or her ultimate pecuniary interest therein.
(4) | Represents shares held by Alpine Global Management, LLC (“Alpine Global”). Alpine Partners (BVI), L.P. (“Alpine Partners”) may be deemed to control the shares held by Alpine Global. The principal place of business of Alpine Global and Alpine Partners is 140 Broadway, 38th Floor, New York, NY 10005. Information derived from a Schedule 13G/A filed on February 24, 2021. All
of the founders’ shares outstanding prior to the IPO have been placed in escrow with Continental Stock Transfer & Trust
Company, as escrow agent, until (i) with respect to 50% of such shares, the earlier of one year after the date of the consummation
of our initial business combination and the date on which the closing price of our common stock equals or exceeds $12.50 per share
(as adjusted for share splits, share dividends, reorganizations and recapitalizations) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading
day period commencing after our initial business combination and (ii) with respect to the remaining 50% of such shares, one year
after the date of the consummation of our initial business combination, or earlier if, subsequent to our initial business combination,
we consummate a liquidation, merger, stock exchange or other similar transaction which results in all of our stockholders having
the right to exchange their shares of common stock for cash, securities or other property. During
the escrow period, the holders of these shares will not be able to sell or transfer their securities except for transfers, assignments
or sales (i) among our initial stockholders or to our initial stockholders’ members, officers, directors, consultants or
their affiliates, (ii) to a holder’s stockholders or members upon its liquidation, (iii) by bona fide gift to a member of
the holder’s immediate family or to a trust, the beneficiary of which is the holder or a member of the holder’s immediate
family, for estate planning purposes, (iv) by virtue of the laws of descent and distribution upon death, (v) pursuant to a qualified
domestic relations order, (vi) to us for no value for cancellation in connection with the consummation of our initial business
combination, or (vii) in connection with the consummation of a business combination at prices no greater than the price at which
the shares were originally purchased, in each case (except for clause (vi) or with our prior consent) where the transferee agrees
to the terms of the escrow agreement and to be bound by these transfer restrictions, but will retain all other rights as our stockholders,
including, without limitation, the right to vote their shares of common stock and the right to receive cash dividends, if declared.
If dividends are declared and payable in shares of common stock, such dividends will also be placed in escrow. If we are unable
to effect a business combination and liquidate, there will be no liquidation distribution with respect to the founders’
shares. Our
executive officers and our Sponsor are our “promoters,” as that term is defined under the federal securities laws. Equity
Compensation Plans As
of December 31, 2020, we had no compensation plans (including individual compensation arrangements) under which equity securities
of the registrant were authorized for issuance. 41 ITEM
13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE Administrative
Service Fee Vogel
Partners, LLP, an affiliate of Mr. Vogel, has agreed that, until the earlier of the consummation of an initial business combination
or Tuscan’s liquidation, it will make available to Tuscan certain general and administrative services, including office
space, utilities and administrative support, as Tuscan may require from time to time. Tuscan has agreed to pay Vogel Partners,
LLP $10,000 per month for these services. Tuscan believes, based on rents and fees for similar services in the New York City
metropolitan area, that the fee charged by Vogel Partners, LLP is at least as favorable as it could have obtained from an unaffiliated
person. Working
Capital Loans On April 20, 2020,
the Sponsor committed to provide us an aggregate of $500,000 in loans. The loans shall be non-interest bearing, unsecured
and due upon the consummation of a business combination. In the event that a business combination does not close, the loans would
be repaid only out of funds held outside the Trust Account to the extent such funds are available. Otherwise, all amounts loaned
to us would be forgiven. On April 21, 2020, we issued an unsecured promissory note to the Sponsor in the aggregate amount
of $300,000, of which $200,000 was drawn upon on such date. Such note is non-interest bearing and payable upon the consummation
of a business combination, and convertible, at the lender’s option, into units of the post-business combination entity
at a price of $10.00 per unit. On February 12,
2021, the Sponsor extended a loan to Tuscan in the aggregate principal amount totaling $1.2 million, of which $400,000 was
drawn upon on such date. This loan was in addition to the previous $200,000 drawn upon the $300,000 convertible note that was committed
by the Sponsor on April 21, 2020. As a result of the February 12, 2021 commitment, the Sponsor had committed to the Company
a total of $1.5 million, of which a total of $600,000 has been drawn upon, with $400,000 of the drawn amount pursuant to the February 12,
2021 note. The Sponsor intends to convert the $1.5 million total loan balance into 150,000 Units immediately prior to the closing
of the proposed business combination with Microvast. Such units will have terms identical to the terms of the Company’s Private
Units and will consist of (i) 150,000 shares of common stock and (ii) warrants to purchase 150,000 shares of common stock
at an exercise price of $11.50 per share, subject to adjustment. In addition to the
loan commitments described above, in order to fund working capital deficiencies or finance transaction costs in connection with
a business combination, the Sponsor or our officers and directors or their affiliates may, but are not obligated to, loan us funds
on a non-interest basis as may be required. If we complete our initial business combination, we will repay such loaned amounts.
In the event that our initial business combination does not close, we may use a portion of the working capital held outside the
trust account to repay such loaned amounts but no proceeds from our trust account would be used for such repayment. Up to $1,500,000
of notes may be convertible into private units, at a price of $10.00 per unit. The units would be identical to the private units. Advance from Related Party The Company’s
Chief Executive Officer advanced the Company an aggregate of $86,748 to be used for the payment of costs related to the Initial
Public Offering. The advances were non-interest bearing, unsecured and due on demand. The advances were repaid upon the consummation
of the Initial Public Offering on March 7, 2019. As of December 31, 2020, the Company has an aggregate of $22,179 in outstanding
advances. 42 Registration
Rights The
holders of the founders’ shares, as well as the holders of the Private Units and any units the Sponsor, initial stockholders,
officers, directors or their affiliates may be issued in payment of working capital loans made to us (and all underlying securities),
are entitled to registration rights pursuant to an agreement signed in connection with the initial public offering. The holders
of a majority of these securities are entitled to make up to two demands that we register such securities. The holders of the
majority of the founders’ shares can elect to exercise these registration rights at any time commencing three months prior
to the date on which these shares of common stock are to be released from escrow. The holders of a majority of the Private Units
and units issued in payment of working capital loans made to us (or underlying securities) can elect to exercise these registration
rights at any time after we consummate a business combination. In addition, the holders have certain “piggy-back”
registration rights with respect to registration statements filed subsequent to the consummation of a business combination. Tuscan
will bear the expenses incurred in connection with the filing of any such registration statements. In connection with the proposed
business combination with Microvast, Tuscan agreed to terminate this registration rights agreement and replace it with a Registration
Rights and Lock-Up Agreement. Tuscan
Support Agreement In
connection with the proposed business combination and concurrently with the execution of the Merger Agreement, the Sponsor, Tuscan’s
officers and directors, Tuscan and Microvast entered into the Tuscan Support Agreement, pursuant to which the Sponsor and Tuscan’s
officers and directors agreed to vote all shares of common stock held by them in favor of the proposed business combination and
each other proposal being submitted for the vote of Tuscan stockholders herein and abstain from exercising any conversion rights
that they may have in connection with the proposed business combination. The Sponsor also agreed to pay certain of Tuscan’s
transaction expenses that exceed a certain cap and to amend the Escrow Agreement to provide for forfeiture of an aggregate of
1,687,500 shares of common stock currently held by it unless certain specified trading prices are met over certain trading
periods prior to the fifth anniversary of the closing of the proposed business combination. Related
Party Policy Our
Code of Ethics, which we adopted upon consummation of the IPO, requires us to avoid, wherever possible, all related party transactions
that could result in actual or potential conflicts of interests, except under guidelines approved by the board of directors (or
the audit committee). Related-party transactions are defined as transactions in which (1) the aggregate amount involved will or
may be expected to exceed $120,000 in any calendar year, (2) we or any of our subsidiaries is a participant, and (3) any (a) executive
officer, director or nominee for election as a director, (b) greater than 5% beneficial owner of our shares of common stock, or
(c) immediate family member, of the persons referred to in clauses (a) and (b), has or will have a direct or indirect material
interest (other than solely as a result of being a director or a less than 10% beneficial owner of another entity). A conflict
of interest situation can arise when a person takes actions or has interests that may make it difficult to perform his or her
work objectively and effectively. Conflicts of interest may also arise if a person, or a member of his or her family, receives
improper personal benefits as a result of his or her position. Our
audit committee, pursuant to its written charter, is responsible for reviewing and approving related-party transactions to the
extent we enter into such transactions. All ongoing and future transactions between us and any of our officers and directors or
their respective affiliates will be on terms believed by us to be no less favorable to us than are available from unaffiliated
third parties. Such transactions will require prior approval by our audit committee and a majority of our uninterested “independent”
directors, or the members of our board who do not have an interest in the transaction, in either case who had access, at our expense,
to our attorneys or independent legal counsel. We will not enter into any such transaction unless our audit committee and a majority
of our disinterested “independent” directors determine that the terms of such transaction are no less favorable to
us than those that would be available to us with respect to such a transaction from unaffiliated third parties. These
procedures are intended to determine whether any such related party transaction impairs the independence of a director or presents
a conflict of interest on the part of a director, employee or officer. 43 ITEM
14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES. The
following is a summary of fees paid or to be paid to Marcum LLP, or Marcum, for services rendered. Audit Fees . Audit
fees consist of fees billed for professional services rendered for the audit of our year-end financial statements and services
that are normally provided by Marcum in connection with regulatory filings. The aggregate fees billed by Marcum for professional
services rendered for the audit of our annual financial statements, review of the financial information included in our Forms 10-Q
for the respective periods and other required filings with the SEC for the year ended December 31, 2020 and 2019 totaled $48,765
and $88,415, respectively. The above amounts include interim procedures and audit fees, as well as attendance at audit committee
meetings. Audit-Related
Fees. Audit-related services consist of fees billed for assurance and related services that are reasonably related to performance
of the audit or review of our financial statements and are not reported under “Audit Fees.” These services include
attest services that are not required by statute or regulation and consultations concerning financial accounting and reporting
standards. We did not pay Marcum for consultations concerning financial accounting and reporting standards for the year ended
December 31, 2020 and 2019. Tax Fees . The aggregate
fees billed by Marcum for tax planning and tax advice for the year ended December 31, 2020 totaled $7,725. We did not pay Marcum
for tax planning and tax advice for the year ended December 31, 2019. All
Other Fees . We did not pay Marcum for other services for the year ended December 31, 2020 and 2019. Pre-Approval
Policy Our
audit committee was formed upon the consummation of our Initial Public Offering. As a result, the audit committee did not pre-approve
all of the foregoing services, although any services rendered prior to the formation of our audit committee were approved by our
board of directors. Since the formation of our audit committee, and on a going-forward basis, the audit committee has and will
pre-approve all auditing services and permitted non-audit services to be performed for us by our auditors, including the fees
and terms thereof (subject to the de minimis exceptions for non-audit services described in the Exchange Act which are approved
by the audit committee prior to the completion of the audit). ITEM
15. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENTS, AND SCHEDULES (a)
The following documents are filed as part of this report: (1)
Financial Statements: Description
Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm | F-2
Financial Statements:
Balance Sheets | F-3
Statements of Operations | F-4
Statements of Changes in Stockholders’ Equity | F-5
Statements of Cash Flows | F-6
Notes to Financial Statements | F-7 to F-17 (2)
Financial Statement Schedules: None. 44 (b) | The following Exhibits are filed as part of this report: Exhibit No. | Description | Included | Form | Date
1.2 | Business Combination Marketing Agreement between Tuscan Holdings Corp. and EarlyBirdCapital, Inc. | By Reference | 8-K | March 5, 2019
3.1 | Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation | By Reference | 8-K | March 5, 2019
3.2 | Amendment to the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation | By Reference | 8-K | December 3, 2020
3.3 | Bylaws | By Reference | S-1/A | February 26, 2019
4.1 | Specimen Unit Certificate | By Reference | S-1/A | February 26, 2019
4.2 | Specimen Common Stock Certificate | By Reference | S-1/A | February 26, 2019
4.3 | Specimen Warrant Certificate | By Reference | S-1/A | February 26, 2019
4.4 | Warrant Agreement between Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company and Tuscan Holdings Corp. | By Reference | 8-K | March 5, 2019
4.5 | Description of Securities | Herewith | -- | --
10.1 | Form of Letter Agreement from each of the initial stockholders, officers, and directors of Tuscan Holdings Corp. | By Reference | S-1/A | February 26, 2019
10.2 | Investment Management Trust Agreement between Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company and Tuscan Holdings Corp. | By Reference | 8-K | March 5, 2019
10.3 | Registration Rights Agreement. | By Reference | 8-K | March 5, 2019
10.4 | Subscription Agreement for Private Units between Tuscan Holdings Acquisition LLC and Tuscan Holdings Corp. | By Reference | S-1/A | February 26, 2019
10.5 | Subscription Agreement for Private Units between EarlyBirdCapital, Inc. and Tuscan Holdings Corp. | By Reference | S-1/A | February 26, 2019
10.6 | Stock Escrow Agreement. | By Reference | 8-K | March 5, 2019
10.7 | Sponsor Commitment Letter, dated as of April 20, 2020. | By Reference | 8-K | April 20, 2020
10.8 | Convertible Promissory Note, dated as of April 21, 2020. | By Reference | 8-K | April 20, 2020
10.9 | Convertible Promissory Note, dated as of February 12, 2021 | Herewith | -- | --
10.10 | Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of February 1, 2021, by and among Tuscan Holdings Corp., TSCN Merger Sub Inc., and Microvast, Inc. | By Reference | 8-K | February 1, 2021
10.11 | Framework Agreement, dated as of February 1, 2021, by and among Tuscan Holdings Corp., Microvast, Inc., MVST SPV Inc., Microvast Power System (Huzhou) Co., Ltd., and the other parties thereto | By Reference | 8-K | February 1, 2021
10.12 | Microvast Stockholder Support Agreement, dated as of February 1, 2021, by and among Tuscan Holdings Corp., Microvast, Inc., and certain stockholders of Microvast, Inc. | By Reference | 8-K | February 1, 2021
10.13 | Sponsor Support Agreement, dated as of February 1, 2021, by and among Tuscan Holdings Corp., Microvast, Inc., Tuscan Holdings Acquisition LLC, and certain other stockholders of Tuscan Holdings Corp. | By Reference | 8-K | February 1, 2021
10.14 | Form of Subscription Agreement | By Reference | 8-K | February 1, 2021
10.15 | Subscription Agreement, dated as of February 1, 2021, by and between Tuscan Holdings Corp. and Riheng HK Limited | By Reference | 8-K | February 1, 2021
10.16 | Subscription Agreement, dated as of February 1, 2021, by and between Tuscan Holdings Corp. and Aurora Sheen Limited | By Reference | 8-K | February 1, 2021
21 | List of Subsidiaries | Herewith | -- | --
31.1 | Certification of Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial and Accounting Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. | Herewith | -- | --
31.2 | Certification of Principal Financial Officer and Principal Financial and Accounting Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. | Herewith | -- | --
32 | Certification pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. | Herewith | -- | --
101.INS | XBRL Instance Document
101.SCH | XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document
101.CAL | XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document
101.DEF | XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document
101.LAB | XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document
101.PRE | XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document Item
16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY None. 45 SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements
of the Section 13 or 15 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed
on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized on the 24th day of March, 2021. TUSCAN HOLDINGS CORP.
By: | /s/ Stephen A. Vogel
Stephen A. Vogel
Chief Executive Officer In
accordance with the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the
registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. Name | Title | Date
/s/ Stephen A. Vogel | Chairman and Chief Executive Officer | March 24, 2021
Stephen A. Vogel | (Principal Executive Officer)
/s/ Ruth Epstein | President, Chief Financial Officer | March 24, 2021
Ruth Epstein | (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) and Director
/s/ Amy Butte | Director | March 24, 2021
Amy Butte
/s/ Richard O. Rieger | Director | March 24, 2021
Richard O. Rieger 46 TUSCAN
HOLDINGS CORP. INDEX
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm | F-2
Financial Statements:
Balance Sheets | F-3
Statements of Operations | F-4
Statements of Changes in Stockholders’ Equity | F-5
Statements of Cash Flows | F-6
Notes to Financial Statements | F-7 to F-17 F- 1 REPORT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM To
the Stockholders and Board of Directors of Tuscan Holdings Corp. Opinion
on the Financial Statements We
have audited the accompanying balance sheets of Tuscan Holdings Corp. (the “Company”) as of December 31, 2020 and
2019, the related statements of operations, changes in stockholders’ equity and cash flows for each of the years ended December
31, 2020, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the “financial statements”). In our opinion, the financial
statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2020 and 2019, and
the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the years ended December 31, 2020, in conformity with accounting
principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Explanatory Paragraph The accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming
that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 1 to the financial statements, the Company’s business
plan is dependent on the completion of a business combination and the Company’s cash and working capital as of December 31,
2020 are not sufficient to complete its planned activities. These conditions raise substantial doubt about the Company’s
ability to continue as a going concern. Management’s plans in regard to these matters are also described in Note 1. The financial
statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. Basis
for Opinion These
financial statements are the responsibility of the Company’s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on
the Company’s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company
Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (the “PCAOB”) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company
in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission
and the PCAOB. We
conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits
to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error
or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial
reporting. As part of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but
not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company’s internal control over financial reporting.
Accordingly, we express no such opinion. Our
audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to
error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence
regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audit also included evaluating the accounting principles
used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements.
We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. /s/ Marcum LLP Marcum LLP We
have served as the Company’s auditor since 2018. New
York, NY March
24, 2021 F- 2 TUSCAN
HOLDINGS CORP. BALANCE
SHEETS December 31,
2020 | 2019
ASSETS
Current assets
Cash | $ | 135,961 | $ | 140,303
Prepaid income taxes | — | 69,818
Prepaid expenses and other current assets | 22,499 | 186,247
Total Current Assets | 158,460 | 396,368
Cash and marketable securities held in Trust Account | 282,254,978 | 280,103,245
TOTAL ASSETS | $ | 282,413,438 | $ | 280,499,613
LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS’ EQUITY
Current liabilities
Accounts payable and accrued expenses | $ | 320,978 | $ | 269,055
Income taxes payable | 302,547 | —
Advances from related party | 22,179 | —
Total Current Liabilities | 645,704 | 269,055
Convertible promissory note – related party | 200,000 | —
Deferred tax liability | 21,468 | 27,069
TOTAL LIABILITIES | 867,172 | 296,124
Commitments
Common stock subject to possible redemption 27,087,556 and 27,126,477 at December 31, 2020 and 2019, respectively | 276,546,264 | 275,203,480
Stockholders’ Equity
Preferred stock, $ 0.0001 par value; 1,000,000 shares authorized; none issued and outstanding | — | —
Common stock, $ 0.0001 par value; 65,000,000 shares authorized; 8,396,246 and 8,360,523 shares issued and outstanding (excluding 27,087,556 and 27,126,477 shares subject to possible redemption) at December 31, 2020 and 2019, respectively | 840 | 836
Additional paid-in capital | 257,314 | 1,632,786
Retained earnings | 4,741,848 | 3,366,387
Total Stockholders’ Equity | 5,000,002 | 5,000,009
TOTAL LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS’ EQUITY | $ | 282,413,438 | $ | 280,499,613 The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. F- 3 TUSCAN
HOLDINGS CORP. STATEMENTS
OF OPERATIONS Year Ended December 31,
2020 | 2019
Operating and formation costs | $ | 921,665 | $ | 778,815
Loss from operations | ( 921,665 | ) | ( 778,815 | )
Other income:
Interest earned on marketable securities held in Trust Account | 2,654,140 | 4,912,346
Unrealized gain on marketable securities held in Trust Account | 9,750 | 128,899
Other income | 2,663,890 | 5,041,245
Income before provision for income taxes | 1,742,225 | 4,262,430
Provision for income taxes | ( 366,764 | ) | ( 895,251 | )
Net income | $ | 1,375,461 | $ | 3,367,179
Basic and diluted weighted average shares outstanding, Common stock subject to possible redemption | 27,104,439 | 27,123,666
Basic and diluted net income per share, Common stock subject to possible redemption | $ | 0.08 | $ | 0.14
Basic and diluted weighted average shares outstanding, Common stock | 8,382,317 | 7,927,608
Basic and diluted net loss per common share, Common stock | $ | ( 0.08 | ) | $ | ( 0.07 | ) The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements . F- 4 TUSCAN
HOLDINGS CORP. STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS’ EQUITY Common Stock | Additional Paid-in | Retained Earnings/ (Accumulated | Total Stockholders’
Shares | Amount | Capital | Deficit) | Equity
Balance – January 1, 2019 | 7,200,000 | $ | 720 | $ | 25,480 | $ | ( 792 | ) | $ | 25,408
Sale of 27,600,000 Units, net of underwriting discount and offering expenses | 27,600,000 | 2,760 | 269,938,142 | — | 269,940,902
Sale of 687,000 Private Units | 687,000 | 68 | 6,869,932 | — | 6,870,000
Common stock subject to possible redemption | ( 27,126,477 | ) | ( 2,712 | ) | ( 275,200,768 | ) | — | ( 275,203,480 | )
Net income | — | — | — | 3,367,179 | 3,367,179
Balance – December 31, 2019 | 8,360,523 | 836 | 1,632,786 | 3,366,387 | 5,000,009
Change in value of common stock subject to possible redemption | 35,723 | 4 | ( 1,375,472 | ) | — | ( 1,375,468 | )
Net income | — | — | — | 1,375,461 | 1,375,461
Balance – December 31, 2020 | 8,396,246 | $ | 840 | $ | 257,314 | $ | 4,741,848 | $ | 5,000,002 The
accompanying notes are an integral part of the financial statements. F- 5 TUSCAN
HOLDINGS CORP. STATEMENTS
OF CASH FLOWS Year Ended December 31,
2020 | 2019
Cash Flows from Operating Activities:
Net income | $ | 1,375,461 | $ | 3,367,179
Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash used in operating activities:
Interest earned on marketable securities held in Trust Account | ( 2,654,140 | ) | ( 4,912,346 | )
Unrealized gain on marketable securities held in Trust Account | ( 9,750 | ) | ( 128,899 | )
Deferred tax provision | ( 5,601 | ) | 27,069
Changes in operating assets and liabilities:
Prepaid expenses and other current assets | 163,748 | ( 186,222 | )
Prepaid income taxes | 69,818 | ( 69,818 | )
Accounts payable and accrued expenses | 51,923 | 268,605
Income taxes payable | 302,547 | —
Net cash used in operating activities | ( 705,994 | ) | ( 1,634,432 | )
Cash Flows from Investing Activities:
Investment of cash in Trust Account | — | ( 276,000,000 | )
Cash withdrawn from Trust Account for redemptions | 32,684 | —
Cash withdrawn from Trust Account to pay income taxes | 479,473 | 938,000
Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities | 512,157 | ( 275,062,000 | )
Cash Flows from Financing Activities:
Proceeds from sale of Units, net of underwriting discounts paid | — | 270,480,000
Proceeds from sale of Private Units | — | 6,870,000
Advances from related party | 25,012 | 86,748
Repayment of advances from related party | ( 2,833 | ) | ( 86,748 | )
Proceeds from convertible promissory note – related party | 200,000 | —
Proceeds from promissory note – related party | 15,000
Repayment of promissory note – related party | ( 90,342 | )
Payment of offering costs | ( 32,684 | ) | ( 455,423 | )
Net cash provided by financing activities | 189,495 | 276,819,235
Net Change in Cash | ( 4,342 | ) | 122,803
Cash – Beginning of period | 140,303 | 17,500
Cash – End of period | $ | 135,961 | $ | 140,303
Supplemental cash flow information
Cash paid for income taxes | $ | — | $ | 938,000
Non-Cash investing and financing activities:
Initial classification of common stock subject to possible redemption | $ | — | $ | 271,835,860
Change in value of common stock subject to possible redemption | $ | 1,342,784 | $ | 3,367,620 The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. F- 6 TUSCAN HOLDINGS CORP. NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS DECEMBER 31, 2020 NOTE
1. DESCRIPTION OF ORGANIZATION AND BUSINESS OPERATIONS Tuscan
Holdings Corp. (the “Company”) was incorporated in Delaware on November 5, 2018. The Company was formed for the purpose
of entering into a merger, share exchange, asset acquisition, stock purchase, recapitalization, reorganization or similar business
combination with one or more businesses or entities (the “Business Combination”). Although
the Company is not limited to a particular industry or sector for purposes of consummating a Business Combination, the Company
is focusing its search on companies in the cannabis industry. The
Company has one subsidiary, TSCN Merger Sub Inc., a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company incorporated in Delaware on January
21, 2021 (“Merger Sub”) (see Note 10). All
activity through December 31, 2020 relates to the Company’s formation, the initial public offering (“Initial Public
Offering”), which is described below, identifying a target company for a Business Combination, activities in connection
with the proposed acquisition of Microvast, Inc., a Delaware corporation (“Microvast”) (see Note 10). The Company
will not generate any operating revenues until after the completion of a Business Combination, at the earliest. The Company generates
non-operating income in the form of interest income from the proceeds derived from the Initial Public Offering. The
registration statement for the Company’s Initial Public Offering was declared effective on March 5, 2019. On March 7, 2019,
the Company consummated the Initial Public Offering of 24,000,000 units (the “Units” and, with respect to the shares
of common stock included in the Units sold, the “Public Shares”) at $ 10.00 per Unit, generating gross proceeds of
$ 240,000,000 , which is described in Note 3. Simultaneously
with the closing of the Initial Public Offering, the Company consummated the sale of 615,000 units (the “Private Units”)
at a price of $ 10.00 per Private Unit in a private placement to Tuscan Holdings Acquisition LLC (the “Sponsor”) and
EarlyBirdCapital, Inc. (“EarlyBirdCapital”) and its designee, generating gross proceeds of $ 6,150,000 , which is described
in Note 4. Following
the closing of the Initial Public Offering on March 7, 2019, an amount of $ 240,000,000 ($ 10.00 per Unit) from the net proceeds
of the sale of the Units in the Initial Public Offering and the sale of the Private Units was placed in a trust account (“Trust
Account”) which are invested in U.S. government securities, within the meaning set forth in Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment
Company Act of 1940, as amended (the “Investment Company Act”), with a maturity of 180 days or less or in any open-ended
investment company that holds itself out as a money market fund meeting the conditions of Rule 2a-7 of the Investment Company
Act of 1940, as amended (the “Investment Company Act”), as determined by the Company, until the earlier of: (i) the
completion of a Business Combination or (ii) the distribution of the Trust Account, as described below. On
March 12, 2019, the underwriters exercised their over-allotment option in full, resulting in the sale of an additional 3,600,000 Units for $ 36,000,000 , less the underwriters’ discount of $ 720,000 . In connection with the underwriters’ exercise
of their over-allotment option, the Company also consummated the sale of an additional 72,000 Private Units at $ 10.00 per Private
Unit, generating total gross proceeds of $ 720,000 . A total of $ 36,000,000 was deposited into the Trust Account from the sale of
the additional Units pursuant to the over-allotment option and the additional sale of Private Units, bringing the aggregate proceeds
held in the Trust Account to $ 276,000,000 . Transaction
costs amounted to $ 6,059,098 , consisting of $ 5,520,000 of underwriting fees and $ 539,098 of other offering costs. The
Company’s management has broad discretion with respect to the specific application of the net proceeds of the Initial Public
Offering and the sale of the Private Units, although substantially all of the net proceeds are intended to be applied generally
toward consummating a Business Combination. The Company’s Business Combination must be with one or more target businesses
that together have a fair market value of at least 80 % of the assets held in the Trust Account (excluding taxes payable on income
earned on the Trust Account) at the time of the agreement to enter into a Business Combination. The Company will only complete
a Business Combination if the post-transaction company owns or acquires 50 % or more of the outstanding voting securities of the
target or otherwise acquires a controlling interest in the target sufficient for it not to be required to register as an investment
company under the Investment Company Act. There is no assurance that the Company will be able to complete a Business Combination
successfully. The
Company will provide its holders of the outstanding Public Shares (the “public stockholders”) with the opportunity
to redeem all or a portion of their Public Shares upon the completion of a Business Combination either (i) in connection with
a stockholder meeting called to approve the Business Combination or (ii) by means of a tender offer. The decision as to whether
the Company will seek stockholder approval of a Business Combination or conduct a tender offer will be made by the Company, solely
in its discretion. The public stockholders will be entitled to redeem their Public Shares for a pro rata portion of the amount
then in the Trust Account ($ 10.00 per Public Share, plus any pro rata interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account
and not previously released to the Company to pay its franchise and income tax obligations). There will be no redemption rights
upon the completion of a Business Combination with respect to the Company’s warrants. F- 7 TUSCAN HOLDINGS CORP. NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS DECEMBER 31, 2020 The
Company will proceed with a Business Combination only if the Company has net tangible assets of at least $ 5,000,001 upon such
consummation of a Business Combination and, solely if the Company seeks stockholder approval, a majority of the shares voted are
voted in favor of the Business Combination. If a stockholder vote is not required by law and the Company does not decide to hold
a stockholder vote for business or other legal reasons, the Company will, pursuant to its Amended and Restated Certificate of
Incorporation (the “Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation”), conduct the redemptions pursuant to the tender
offer rules of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”) and file tender offer documents with the SEC prior
to completing a Business Combination. If, however, stockholder approval of the transaction is required by law, or the Company
decides to obtain stockholder approval for business or legal reasons, the Company will offer to redeem shares in conjunction with
a proxy solicitation pursuant to the proxy rules and not pursuant to the tender offer rules. If the Company seeks stockholder
approval in connection with a Business Combination, the Company’s Sponsor and EarlyBirdCapital have agreed to vote their
Founder Shares (as defined in Note 5), Private Shares (as defined in Note 4) and any Public Shares purchased after the Initial
Public Offering in favor of approving a Business Combination and not to convert any shares in connection with a stockholder vote
to approve a Business Combination or sell any shares to the Company in a tender offer in connection with a Business Combination.
Additionally, each public stockholder may elect to redeem their Public Shares irrespective of whether they vote for or against
the proposed transaction or do not vote at all. The
Sponsor and EarlyBirdCapital have agreed (a) to waive their rights to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account with respect
to the Founder Shares and Private Shares if the Company fails to consummate a Business Combination and (b) not to propose an amendment
to the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation that would affect a public stockholders’ ability to convert or
sell their shares to the Company in connection with a Business Combination or affect the substance or timing of the Company’s
obligation to redeem 100 % of its Public Shares if the Company does not complete a Business Combination, unless the Company provides
the public stockholders with the opportunity to redeem their Public Shares in conjunction with any such amendment. The
Company had until December 7, 2020 to complete a Business Combination (the “Combination Period”). On December 3,
2020, the Company held a special meeting pursuant to which the Company’s stockholders approved extending the
Combination Period from December 7, 2020 to April 30, 2021 (the “Extension Date”). In connection with the
approval of the extension, stockholders elected to redeem an aggregate of 3,198 shares of the Company’s common stock.
As a result, an aggregate of approximately $ 32,700 (or approximately $ 10.22 per share) was released from the Company’s
Trust Account to pay such stockholders. Additionally, the Company has filed a preliminary proxy statement on March 12, 2021 seeking approval to
further extend date for which the Company is required to complete a business combination to July 31, 2021. If
the Company is unable to complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period, the Company will (i) cease all operations
except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter,
redeem the Public Shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account
including interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account and not previously released to the Company to pay franchise and
income taxes, divided by the number of then outstanding Public Shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public stockholders’
rights as stockholders (including the right to receive further liquidating distributions, if any), subject to applicable law,
and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of the Company’s remaining
stockholders and the Company’s board of directors, dissolve and liquidate, subject in each case to the Company’s obligations
under Delaware law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. There will be no redemption
rights or liquidating distributions with respect to the Company’s warrants, which will expire worthless if the Company fails
to complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period. In
order to protect the amounts held in the Trust Account, the Sponsor has agreed to be liable to the Company if and to the extent
any claims by a third party for services rendered or products sold to the Company, or a prospective target business with which
the Company has discussed entering into a transaction agreement, reduce the amount of funds in the Trust Account to below $ 10.00 per Public Share, except as to any claims by a third party who executed an agreement with the Company waiving any right, title,
interest or claim of any kind they may have in or to any monies held in the Trust Account and except as to any claims under the
Company’s indemnity of the underwriters of Initial Public Offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities under
the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”). Moreover, in the event that an executed waiver is deemed
to be unenforceable against a third party, the Insiders will not be responsible to the extent of any liability for such third-party
claims. The Company will seek to reduce the possibility that the Sponsor will have to indemnify the Trust Account by endeavoring
to have all vendors, service providers, prospective target businesses or other entities with which the Company does business,
execute agreements with the Company waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to monies held in the Trust
Account. Risks
and Uncertainties Management
continues to evaluate the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic and has concluded that while it is reasonably possible that the virus
could have a negative effect on the Company’s financial position, results of its operations and/or search for a target company,
the specific impact is not readily determinable as of the date of these financial statements. The financial statements do not
include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. F- 8 TUSCAN HOLDINGS CORP. NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS DECEMBER 31, 2020 Liquidity and Going Concern The
Company has principally financed its operations from inception using proceeds from the sale of its equity securities to its stockholders
prior to the Initial Public Offering and such amount of proceeds from the Initial Public Offering that were placed in an account
outside of the Trust Account for working capital purposes. As of December 31, 2020, the Company had $ 135,961 held outside of the
Trust Account. As of April 20, 2020, the Sponsor committed to provide an aggregate of $ 500,000 in loans to the Company. The loans
shall be non-interest bearing, unsecured and due upon the consummation of a Business Combination. In the event that a Business
Combination does not close, the loans would be repaid only out of funds held outside the Trust Account to the extent such funds
are available. Otherwise, all amounts loaned to the Company would be forgiven. On April 21, 2020, the Sponsor loaned the Company
an aggregate of $ 200,000 (see Note 5). Until the consummation
of a Business Combination, the Company will be using the funds not held in the Trust Account for identifying and evaluating prospective
acquisition candidates, performing due diligence on prospective target businesses, paying for travel expenditures, selecting the
target business to acquire, and structuring, negotiating and consummating the Business Combination. The Company will need
to raise further additional capital through loans or additional investments from its Sponsor, stockholders, officers, directors,
or third parties. In addition to the loan commitment described herein (see Note 10), the Company’s officers, directors and
Sponsor may, but are not obligated to, loan the Company funds, from time to time or at any time, in whatever amount they deem reasonable
in their sole discretion, to meet the Company’s working capital needs. Accordingly, the Company may not be able to obtain
additional financing. If the Company is unable to raise additional capital, it may be required to take additional measures to conserve
liquidity, which could include, but not necessarily be limited to, curtailing operations, suspending the pursuit of a potential
transaction, and reducing overhead expenses. The Company cannot provide any assurance that new financing will be available to it
on commercially acceptable terms, if at all. These conditions raise substantial doubt about the Company’s ability to continue
as a going concern through April 30, 2021 (or July 31, 2021, if our stockholders approve an amendment to our amended and restated
certificate of incorporation), the current date that the Company will be required to cease all operations, except for the purpose
of winding up, if a Business Combination is not consummated. These financial statements do not include any adjustments relating
to the recovery of the recorded assets or the classification of the liabilities that might be necessary should the Company be unable
to continue as a going concern. NOTE
2. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES Basis
of Presentation The
accompanying financial statements are presented in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States
of America (“GAAP”) and pursuant to the rules and regulations of the SEC. Emerging
Growth Company The
Company is an “emerging growth company,” as defined in Section 2(a) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the
“Securities Act”), as modified by the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act of 2012 (the “JOBS Act”), and
it may take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies
that are not emerging growth companies including, but not limited to, not being required to comply with the independent registered
public accounting firm attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, reduced disclosure obligations regarding
executive compensation in its periodic reports and proxy statements, and exemptions from the requirements of holding a nonbinding
advisory vote on executive compensation and stockholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved. Further,
Section 102(b)(1) of the JOBS Act exempts emerging growth companies from being required to comply with new or revised financial
accounting standards until private companies (that is, those that have not had a Securities Act registration statement declared
effective or do not have a class of securities registered under the Exchange Act) are required to comply with the new or revised
financial accounting standards. The JOBS Act provides that a company can elect to opt out of the extended transition period and
comply with the requirements that apply to non-emerging growth companies but any such election to opt out is irrevocable. The
Company has elected not to opt out of such extended transition period which means that when a standard is issued or revised and
it has different application dates for public or private companies, the Company, as an emerging growth company, can adopt the
new or revised standard at the time private companies adopt the new or revised standard. This may make comparison of the Company’s
financial statements with another public company which is neither an emerging growth company nor an emerging growth company which
has opted out of using the extended transition period difficult or impossible because of the potential differences in accounting
standards used. Use
of Estimates The
preparation of financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect
the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial
statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Making
estimates requires management to exercise significant judgment. It is at least reasonably possible that the estimate of the effect
of a condition, situation or set of circumstances that existed at the date of the financial statements, which management considered
in formulating its estimate, could change in the near term due to one or more future events. Accordingly, the actual results could
differ significantly from those estimates. F- 9 TUSCAN HOLDINGS CORP. NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS DECEMBER 31, 2020 Cash
and Cash Equivalents The
Company considers all short-term investments with an original maturity of three months or less when purchased to be cash equivalents.
The Company did not have any cash equivalents as of December 31, 2020 and 2019. Cash
and Marketable Securities Held in Trust Account At
December 31, 2020 and 2019, the assets held in the Trust Account were substantially held in U.S. Treasury Bills. During the year
ended December 31, 2020 and 2019, the Company withdrew $ 479,473 and $ 938,000 of interest income from the Trust Account, respectively,
to pay its franchise and income tax obligations. Common
Stock Subject to Possible Redemption The
Company accounts for its common stock subject to possible redemption in accordance with the guidance in Accounting Standards Codification
(“ASC”) Topic 480 “Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity.” Common stock subject to mandatory redemption
is classified as a liability instrument and is measured at fair value. Conditionally redeemable common stock (including common
stock that feature redemption rights that is either within the control of the holder or subject to redemption upon the occurrence
of uncertain events not solely within the Company’s control) is classified as temporary equity. At all other times, common
stock is classified as stockholders’ equity. The Company’s common stock features certain redemption rights that are
considered to be outside of the Company’s control and subject to occurrence of uncertain future events. Accordingly, common
stock subject to possible redemption is presented at redemption value as temporary equity, outside of the stockholders’
equity section of the Company’s balance sheets. Income
Taxes The
Company follows the asset and liability method of accounting for income taxes under ASC 740, “Income Taxes.” Deferred
tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the estimated future tax consequences attributable to differences between the financial
statements carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases. Deferred tax assets and liabilities
are measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which those temporary differences are
expected to be recovered or settled. The effect on deferred tax assets and liabilities of a change in tax rates is recognized
in income in the period that included the enactment date. Valuation allowances are established, when necessary, to reduce deferred
tax assets to the amount expected to be realized. ASC
740 prescribes a recognition threshold and a measurement attribute for the financial statement recognition and measurement of
tax positions taken or expected to be taken in a tax return. For those benefits to be recognized, a tax position must be more
likely than not to be sustained upon examination by taxing authorities. The Company recognizes accrued interest and penalties
related to unrecognized tax benefits as income tax expense. There were no unrecognized tax benefits and no amounts accrued
for interest and penalties as of December 31, 2020 and 2019. The Company is currently not aware of any issues under review that
could result in significant payments, accruals or material deviation from its position. The Company is subject to income tax examinations
by major taxing authorities since inception. On
March 27, 2020, the CARES Act was enacted in response to COVID-19 pandemic. Under ASC 740, the effects of changes in tax rates
and laws are recognized in the period which the new legislation is enacted. The CARES Act made various tax law changes including
among other things (i) increasing the limitation under Section 163(j) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the “IRC”)
for 2019 and 2020 to permit additional expensing of interest (ii) enacting a technical correction so that qualified improvement
property can be immediately expensed under IRC Section 168(k), (iii) making modifications to the federal net operating loss rules
including permitting federal net operating losses incurred in 2018, 2019, and 2020 to be carried back to the five preceding taxable
years in order to generate a refund of previously paid income taxes and (iv) enhancing the recoverability of alternative minimum
tax credits. Net
Income (Loss) Per Common Share Net
income (loss) per share is computed by dividing net income by the weighted-average number of shares of common stock outstanding during
the period. The Company has not considered the effect of the warrants sold in the Public Offering and Private Placement to purchase
an aggregate of 28,287,000 shares in the calculation of diluted loss per share, since the exercise of the warrants are contingent
upon the occurrence of future events and the inclusion of such warrants would be anti-dilutive. F- 10 TUSCAN HOLDINGS CORP. NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS DECEMBER 31, 2020 The
Company’s statement of operations includes a presentation of income per share for common shares subject to possible redemption
in a manner similar to the two-class method of loss per share. Net income per common share, basic and diluted, for Common stock
subject to possible redemption is calculated by dividing the proportionate share of income on marketable securities held
by the Trust Account, net of applicable franchise and income taxes, by the weighted average number of Common stock subject to
possible redemption outstanding since original issuance. Net
loss per share, basic and diluted, for non-redeemable common stock is calculated by dividing the net income, adjusted for income on marketable securities attributable to Common stock subject to possible redemption, by the weighted average number of
non-redeemable common stock outstanding for the period. Non-redeemable
common stock includes Founder Shares and non-redeemable shares of common stock as these shares do not have any redemption features.
Non-redeemable common stock participates in the income on marketable securities based on non-redeemable common stock shares’
proportionate interest. Year Ended December 31,
2020 | 2019
Common stock subject to possible redemption
Numerator: Earnings allocable to Common stock subject to possible redemption
Interest earned on marketable securities held in Trust Account | $ | 2,605,038 | $ | 4,827,854
Unrealized gain on marketable securities held in Trust Account | 9,570 | 126,682
Less: Income and franchise taxes | ( 564,980 | ) | ( 1,042,603 | )
Net income allocable to shares subject to possible redemption | $ | 2,049,628 | $ | 3,911,933
Denominator: Weighted average Common stock subject to possible redemption
Basic and diluted weighted average shares outstanding | 27,104,439 | 27,123,666
Basic and diluted net income per common share | $ | 0.08 | $ | 0.14
Non-Redeemable Common Stock
Numerator Net Income minus Net Earnings
Net income | $ | 1,375,461 | $ | 3,367,179
Less: Income attributable to common stock subject to possible redemption | ( 2,049,628 | ) | ( 3,911,933 | )
Non-Redeemable Net Loss | $ | ( 674,167 | ) | $ | ( 544,754 | )
Denominator: Weighted Average Non-Redeemable Common Stock
Basic and diluted weighted average shares outstanding | 8,382,317 | 7,927,608
Basic and diluted net loss per common share | $ | ( 0.08 | ) | $ | ( 0.07 | ) Concentration
of Credit Risk Financial
instruments that potentially subject the Company to concentrations of credit risk consist of a cash account in a financial institution
which, at times may exceed the Federal Depository Insurance Coverage of $ 250,000 . The Company has not experienced losses on this
account and management believes the Company is not exposed to significant risks on such account. Fair
Value of Financial Instruments The
fair value of the Company’s assets and liabilities, which qualify as financial instruments under ASC 820, “Fair Value
Measurement,” approximates the carrying amounts represented in the accompanying balance sheets, primarily due to their short-term
nature. Recently
Issued Accounting Standards Management
does not believe that any recently issued, but not yet effective, accounting standards, if currently adopted, would have a material
effect on the Company’s financial statements. NOTE
3. INITIAL PUBLIC OFFERING On
March 7, 2019, the Company consummated the Initial Public Offering and sold 24,000,000 units at a price of $ 10.00 per Unit. Each
Unit consists of one share of common stock and one warrant (“Public Warrant”). On March 12, 2019, in connection with
the underwriters’ exercise of the over-allotment option in full, the Company sold an additional 3,600,000 Units at a price
of $ 10.00 per Unit. Each Public Warrant entitles the holder to purchase one share of common stock at a price of $11.50 per share,
subject to adjustment (see Note 7). F- 11 TUSCAN HOLDINGS CORP. NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS DECEMBER 31, 2020 NOTE
4. PRIVATE PLACEMENT Simultaneously
with the closing of the Initial Public Offering, the Sponsor and EarlyBirdCapital and its designee purchased an aggregate of 615,000 Private Units at a price of $ 10.00 per Private Unit, for an aggregate purchase price of $ 6,150,000 . The Sponsor purchased
500,047 Private Units and EarlyBirdCapital and its designee purchased an aggregate of 114,953 Private Units. On March 12, 2019,
in connection with the underwriters’ exercise of the over-allotment option in full, the purchasers purchased an aggregate
of an additional 72,000 additional Private Units, of which 58,542 Private Units were purchased by the Sponsor and 13,458 Private
Units were purchased by EarlyBirdCapital and its designee, for an aggregate purchase price of $720,000. Each Private Unit consists
of one share of common stock (“Private Share”) and one warrant (“Private Warrant”). Each Private Warrant
is exercisable to purchase one share of common stock at an exercise price of $11.50 per share, subject to adjustment (see
Note 7). The proceeds from the Private Units were added to the proceeds from the Initial Public Offering held in the Trust Account.
If the Company does not complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period, the proceeds from the sale of the Private
Units will be used to fund the redemption of the Public Shares (subject to the requirements of applicable law), and the Private
Units and all underlying securities will be worthless. NOTE
5. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS Founder
Shares In
November 2018, the Sponsor purchased 5,750,000 shares (the “Founder Shares”) of the Company’s common stock for
an aggregate price of $ 25,000 . On March 5, 2019, the Company effected a stock dividend of 0.2 shares of common stock for each
outstanding share (the “Stock Dividend”), resulting in 6,900,000 Founder Shares being issued and outstanding. The 6,900,000 Founder Shares included an aggregate of up to 900,000 shares subject to forfeiture by the Sponsor to the extent that
the underwriters’ over-allotment was not exercised in full or in part, so that the holders of the Founder Shares would collectively
own 20 % of the Company’s issued and outstanding shares after the Initial Public Offering (assuming the holders did not purchase
any Public Shares in the Initial Public Offering and excluding the Private Units and Representative Shares (see Note 7). In connection
with the underwriters’ exercise of the over-allotment option in full on March 12, 2019, 900,000 Founder Shares are no longer
subject to forfeiture. The
holders of the Founder Shares have agreed, subject to certain limited exceptions, not to transfer, assign or sell any of the Founder
Shares until, with respect to 50% of the Founder Shares, the earlier of one year after the consummation of a Business Combination
and the date on which the closing price of the common stock equals or exceeds $12.50 per share (as adjusted for stock splits,
stock dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within a 30-trading day period commencing
after a Business Combination and, with respect to the remaining 50% of the Founder Shares, until the one year after the consummation
of a Business Combination, or earlier, in either case, if, subsequent to a Business Combination, the Company completes a liquidation,
merger, stock exchange or other similar transaction which results in all of the Company’s stockholders having the right
to exchange their shares of common stock for cash, securities or other property. Private
Placement Units Simultaneously
with the consummation of the initial public offering, the Company consummated the private placement of 687,000 Private Units at
a price of $ 10.00 per Private Unit, generating total proceeds of $ 6,870,000 . The Private Units were sold to the Sponsor and EarlyBirdCapital
and its designees. The Private Units are identical to the units sold in the initial public offering, except that the warrants
underlying the Private Units are non-redeemable and may be exercised on a cashless basis, in each case so long as they continue
to be held by the initial purchasers or their permitted transferees. The initial purchasers have agreed not to transfer, assign
or sell any of the Private Units and underlying securities until after the completion of an initial business combination. Administrative
Service Fee Vogel
Partners, LLP, an affiliate of Mr. Vogel, has agreed that, until the earlier of the consummation of an initial business combination
or Tuscan’s liquidation, it will make available to Tuscan certain general and administrative services, including office
space, utilities and administrative support, as Tuscan may require from time to time. Tuscan has agreed to pay Vogel Partners,
LLP $ 10,000 per month for these services. Tuscan believes, based on rents and fees for similar services in the New York City
metropolitan area, that the fee charged by Vogel Partners, LLP is at least as favorable as it could have obtained from an unaffiliated
person.. For the year ended December 31, 2020 and 2019, the Company incurred $ 120,000 and $ 100,000 , respectively, in fees for
these services. At December 31, 2020 and 2019, fees amounting to $ 10,000 and $ 0 is included in accounts payable and accrued expenses
in the accompanying balance sheets. Advance
from Related Party The
Company’s Chief Executive Officer advanced the Company an aggregate of $ 86,748 to be used for the payment of costs related
to the Initial Public Offering. The advances were non-interest bearing, unsecured and due on demand. The advances were repaid
upon the consummation of the Initial Public Offering on March 7, 2019. F- 12 TUSCAN HOLDINGS CORP. NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS DECEMBER 31, 2020 Due
to Affiliate During
the year ended December 31, 2020, an affiliate of the Company paid expenses on behalf of the Company that were mainly settled
during the same period. Promissory
Note – Related Party In
November 2018, the Company issued an unsecured promissory note to the Company’s Chief Executive Officer (the “Promissory
Note”), pursuant to which the Company borrowed an aggregate principal amount of $ 90,342 . The Promissory Note was non-interest
bearing and payable on the earlier of (i) November 1, 2019, (ii) the consummation of the Initial Public Offering or (iii) the
date on which the Company determines not to proceed with the Initial Public Offering. The Promissory Note was repaid upon the
consummation of the Initial Public Offering on March 7, 2019. Related
Party Loans In addition, in order
to finance transaction costs in connection with a Business Combination, the Sponsor or certain of the Company’s officers
and directors or their affiliates may, but are not obligated to, loan the Company funds as may be required (“Working Capital
Loans”). If the Company completes a Business Combination, the Company will repay the Working Capital Loans out of the proceeds
of the Trust Account released to the Company. Otherwise, the Working Capital Loans would be repaid only out of funds held outside
the Trust Account to the extent such funds are available. In the event that a Business Combination does not close, the Company
may use a portion of proceeds held outside the Trust Account to repay the Working Capital Loans, but no proceeds held in the Trust
Account would be used to repay the Working Capital Loans. The Working Capital Loans would either be repaid upon consummation of
a Business Combination, without interest, or, at the lender’s discretion, up to $ 1,500,000 of such Working Capital Loans
may be convertible into units of the post Business Combination entity at a price of $ 10.00 per unit. The units would be identical
to the Private Units. On
April 20, 2020, the Sponsor committed to provide an aggregate of $ 500,000 in loans to the Company. The loans shall be non-interest
bearing, unsecured and due upon the consummation of a Business Combination. In the event that a Business Combination does not
close, the loans would be repaid only out of funds held outside the Trust Account to the extent such funds are available. Otherwise,
all amounts loaned to the Company would be forgiven. On April 21, 2020,
the Company issued an unsecured promissory note to the Sponsor in the aggregate amount of $ 300,000 (the “Note”), of
which $ 200,000 was drawn upon on such date. The Note is non-interest bearing and payable upon the consummation of a Business Combination.
The Note is convertible, at the lender’s option, into units of the post Business Combination entity at a price of $ 10.00 per unit. The units would be identical to the Private Units. If a Business Combination is not consummated, the notes will not be
repaid by the Company and all amounts owed thereunder by the Company will be forgiven except to the extent that the Company has
funds available to it outside of its Trust Account. As of December 31, 2020, there was $ 200,000 outstanding under the Note. NOTE
6. COMMITMENTS Registration
Rights Pursuant
to a registration rights agreement entered into on March 7, 2019, the holders of the Founder Shares, Representative Shares, Private
Units, and any units that may be issued upon conversion of Working Capital Loans (and all underlying securities) are entitled
to registration rights. The holders of the majority of these securities are entitled to make up to two demands that the Company
register such securities. The holders of the majority of the Founder Shares can elect to exercise these registration rights at
any time commencing three months prior to the date on which the Founder Shares are to be released from escrow. The holders of
a majority of the Representative Shares, Private Units or units issued in payment of working capital loans made to the Company
(or underlying securities) can elect to exercise these registration rights at any time commencing after the Company consummates
a Business Combination. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary, EarlyBirdCapital and its designee may only make a demand on
one occasion and only during the five-year period beginning on the effective date of the Initial Public Offering. In addition,
the holders have certain “piggy-back” registration rights with respect to registration statements filed subsequent
to the consummation of a Business Combination; provided, however, that EarlyBirdCapital and its designee may participate in a
“piggy-back” registration only during the seven-year period beginning on the effective date of the Initial Public
Offering. The Company will bear the expenses incurred in connection with the filing of any such registration statements. Business
Combination Marketing Agreement The
Company has engaged EarlyBirdCapital as an advisor in connection with a Business Combination to assist the Company in holding
meetings with its shareholders to discuss the potential Business Combination and the target business’ attributes, introduce
the Company to potential investors that are interested in purchasing the Company’s securities in connection with a Business
Combination, assist the Company in obtaining shareholder approval for the Business Combination and assist the Company with its
press releases and public filings in connection with the Business Combination. The Company will pay EarlyBirdCapital a cash fee
for such services upon the consummation of a Business Combination in an amount equal to $9,660,000 (exclusive of any applicable
finders’ fees which might become payable); provided that up to 30% of the fee may be allocated at the Company’s sole
discretion to other FINRA members that assist the Company in identifying and consummating a Business Combination. F- 13 Engagement of Morgan Stanley We engaged Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC (“Morgan
Stanley”) to provide financial advisory services in connection with the Microvast business combination, and, upon consummation
of the transaction with Microvast, we must pay that firm a transaction fee of $ 5.5 million, plus expenses. Morgan Stanley also
acted as placement agent in connection with the PIPE Financing, and we are obligated to pay Morgan Stanley a placement fee equal
to (i) 3.5 % of the sum of (x) the aggregate gross proceeds raised in the PIPE Financing up to $ 300 million (not including funds
from the sale of certain excluded securities) and (y) any borrowings pursuant to a bridge financing provided in connection with
the proposed business combination by investors introduced by Morgan Stanley, and (ii) 2.5 % of the aggregate gross proceeds raised
in the PIPE Financing above $300 million. TUSCAN HOLDINGS CORP. NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS DECEMBER 31, 2020 NOTE
7. STOCKHOLDERS’ EQUITY Preferred
Stock — The Company is authorized to issue 1,000,000 shares of preferred stock with a par value of $ 0.0001 per share
with such designation, rights and preferences as may be determined from time to time by the Company’s board of directors.
At December 31, 2020 and 2019, there were no shares of preferred stock issued or outstanding. Common
Stock — The Company is authorized to issue 65,000,000 shares of common stock with a par value of $ 0.0001 per share.
Holders of the common stock are entitled to one vote for each share. At December 31, 2020 and 2019, there were 8,396,246 and 8,360,523 shares of common stock issued and outstanding, excluding 27,087,556 and 27,126,477 shares of common stock subject to possible
redemption, respectively. Warrants
— The Public Warrants will become exercisable 30 days after the completion of a Business Combination. No warrants will be exercisable for cash unless the Company has an effective and current registration statement
covering the shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants and a current prospectus relating to such shares of
common stock. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if a registration statement covering the shares of common stock issuable upon exercise
of the public warrants is not effective within 90 days following the consummation of a Business Combination, warrant holders may,
until such time as there is an effective registration statement and during any period when the Company shall have failed to maintain
an effective registration statement, exercise warrants on a cashless basis pursuant to the exemption provided by Section 3(a)(9)
of the Securities Act, provided that such exemption is available. If that exemption, or another exemption, is not available, holders
will not be able to exercise their warrants on a cashless basis. The Public Warrants will expire five years after the completion
of a Business Combination or earlier upon redemption or liquidation. Once
the Public Warrants become exercisable, the Company may redeem the Public Warrants: ● | in whole and not in part;
● | at a price of $0.01 per warrant;
● | upon not less than 30 days’ prior written notice of redemption;
● | if, and only if, the reported last sale price of the Company’s common stock equals or exceeds $18.00 per share for any 20 trading days within a 30-trading day period ending on the third business day prior to the notice of redemption to the warrant holders; and
● | if, and only if, there is a current registration statement in effect with respect to the shares of common stock underlying the warrants. If
the Company calls the Public Warrants for redemption, management will have the option to require all holders that wish to exercise
the Public Warrants to do so on a “cashless basis,” as described in the warrant agreement. The
Private Warrants are identical to the Public Warrants underlying the Units sold in the Initial Public Offering, except that the
Private Warrants will be exercisable for cash or on a cashless basis, at the holder’s option, and be non-redeemable so long
as they are held by the initial purchasers or their permitted transferees. If the Private Warrants are held by someone other than
the initial purchasers or their permitted transferees, the Private Warrants will be redeemable by the Company and exercisable
by such holders on the same basis as the Public Warrants. In addition, so long as the Private Warrants are held by EarlyBirdCapital
and its designee, the Private Warrants will expire five years from the effective date of the Initial Public Offering. The
exercise price and number of shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants may be adjusted in certain circumstances
including in the event of a stock dividend, or recapitalization, reorganization, merger or consolidation. However, the warrants
will not be adjusted for issuance of common stock at a price below its exercise price. Additionally, in no event will the Company
be required to net cash settle the warrants. If the Company is unable to complete a Business Combination within the Combination
Period and the Company liquidates the funds held in the Trust Account, holders of warrants will not receive any of such funds
with respect to their warrants, nor will they receive any distribution from the Company’s assets held outside of the Trust
Account with the respect to such warrants. Accordingly, the warrants may expire worthless. In
addition, if (x) the Company issues additional shares of common stock or equity-linked securities for capital raising purposes
in connection with the closing of an initial Business Combination at an issue price or effective issue price of less than $9.50
per share of common stock (with such issue price or effective issue price to be determined in good faith by the Company’s
board of directors, and in the case of any such issuance to our Sponsor, initial stockholders or their affiliates, without taking
into account any founders’ shares held by them prior to such issuance), (y) the aggregate gross proceeds from such issuances
represent more than 60% of the total equity proceeds, and interest thereon, available for the funding of an initial Business Combination
on the date of the consummation of an initial Business Combination (net of redemptions), and (z) the volume weighted average trading
price of the common stock during the 20 trading day period starting on the trading day prior to the day on which the Company consummated
an initial Business Combination (such price, the “Market Value”) is below $9.50 per share, the exercise price of the
warrants will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to 115% of the greater of (i) the Market Value or (ii) the price at
which the Company issues the additional shares of common stock or equity-linked securities. F- 14 TUSCAN HOLDINGS CORP. NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS DECEMBER 31, 2020 Representative
Shares In
November 2018, the Company issued to the designees of EarlyBirdCapital, for a nominal consideration, 300,000 shares (after giving
effect to the Stock Dividend) of common stock (the “Representative Shares”). The Company accounted for the Representative
Shares as an offering cost of the Initial Public Offering, with a corresponding credit to stockholders’ equity. The Company
estimated the fair value of Representative Shares to be $ 1,200 based upon the price of the Founder Shares issued to the Sponsor.
The holders of the Representative Shares have agreed not to transfer, assign or sell any such shares until the completion of a
Business Combination. In addition, the holders have agreed (i) to waive their redemption rights (or to sell any shares in a tender
offer) with respect to such shares in connection with the completion of a Business Combination and (ii) to waive their rights
to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account with respect to such shares if the Company fails to complete a Business Combination
within the Combination Period. The
Representative Shares have been deemed compensation by FINRA and are therefore subject to a lock-up for a period of 180 days immediately
following the effective date of the registration statement related to the Initial Public Offering pursuant to Rule 5110(g)(1)
of FINRA’s NASD Conduct Rules. Pursuant to FINRA Rule 5110(g)(1), these securities will not be the subject of any hedging,
short sale, derivative, put or call transaction that would result in the economic disposition of the securities by any person
for a period of 180 days immediately following March 5, 2019 (“FINRA Restricted Period”), nor may they be sold, transferred,
assigned, pledged or hypothecated during the FINRA Restricted Period except to any underwriter and selected dealer participating
in the Initial Public Offering and their bona fide officers or partners. NOTE 8. INCOME
TAX The
Company’s net deferred tax liability are as follows: December 31, | December 31,
2020 | 2019
Deferred tax liability
Unrealized gain on marketable securities | $ | ( 21,468 | ) | $ | ( 27,069 | )
Total deferred tax liability | ( 21,468 | ) | ( 27,069 | )
Valuation Allowance | — | —
Deferred tax liability | $ | ( 21,468 | ) | $ | ( 27,069 | ) The
income tax provision consists of the following: December 31, | December 31,
2020 | 2019
Federal
Current | $ | 372,365 | $ | 868,182
Deferred | ( 5,601 | ) | 27,069
State and Local
Current | — | —
Deferred | — | —
Change in valuation allowance | — | —
Income tax provision | $ | 366,764 | $ | 895,251 As
of December 31, 2020 and 2019, the Company did not have any of U.S. federal and state net operating loss carryovers available
to offset future taxable income. A
reconciliation of the federal income tax rate to the Company’s effective tax rate is as follows: December 31, 2020 | December 31, 2019
Statutory federal income tax rate | 21.0 | % | 21.0 | %
State taxes, net of federal tax benefit | 0.0 | % | 0.0 | %
Income tax provision | 21.0 | % | 21.0 | % The
Company files income tax returns in the U.S. federal jurisdiction and is subject to examination by the various taxing authorities.
The Company’s tax returns since inception remain open to examination by the taxing authorities. The Company considers New York
to be a significant state tax jurisdiction. F- 15 TUSCAN HOLDINGS CORP. NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS DECEMBER 31, 2020 NOTE
9. FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS The
Company follows the guidance in ASC 820 for its financial assets and liabilities that are re-measured and reported at fair value
at each reporting period, and non-financial assets and liabilities that are re-measured and reported at fair value at least annually. The
fair value of the Company’s financial assets and liabilities reflects management’s estimate of amounts that the Company
would have received in connection with the sale of the assets or paid in connection with the transfer of the liabilities in an
orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. In connection with measuring the fair value of its assets
and liabilities, the Company seeks to maximize the use of observable inputs (market data obtained from independent sources) and
to minimize the use of unobservable inputs (internal assumptions about how market participants would price assets and liabilities).
The following fair value hierarchy is used to classify assets and liabilities based on the observable inputs and unobservable
inputs used in order to value the assets and liabilities: Level 1: | Quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities. An active market for an asset or liability is a market in which transactions for the asset or liability occur with sufficient frequency and volume to provide pricing information on an ongoing basis.
Level 2: | Observable inputs other than Level 1 inputs. Examples of Level 2 inputs include quoted prices in active markets for similar assets or liabilities and quoted prices for identical assets or liabilities in markets that are not active.
Level 3: | Unobservable inputs based on our assessment of the assumptions that market participants would use in pricing the asset or liability. The following table
presents information about the Company’s assets that are measured at fair value on a recurring basis at December 31, 2020
and 2019 and indicates the fair value hierarchy of the valuation inputs the Company utilized to determine such fair value: Description | Level | December 31, 2020 | December 31, 2019
Assets:
Cash and marketable securities held in Trust Account | 1 | $ | 282,254,978 | $ | 280,103,245 NOTE
10. SUBSEQUENT EVENTS The
Company evaluated subsequent events and transactions that occurred after the balance sheet date up to the date that the financial
statements were issued. Based upon this review, other than as described below, the Company did not identify any subsequent events
that would have required adjustment or disclosure in the financial statements. F- 16 TUSCAN HOLDINGS CORP. NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS DECEMBER 31, 2020 Proposed Business
Combination On
February 1, 2021, Tuscan entered into an agreement and plan of merger (the “Merger Agreement”) with Microvast, Inc.,
a Delaware corporation (“Microvast”) and Merger Sub. Pursuant to the Merger Agreement, Merger Sub will merge with
and into Microvast and Microvast will survive the merger and become a wholly owned subsidiary of Tuscan. Under the Merger Agreement,
all of the equity interests of Microvast will be converted into an aggregate of 210,000,000 shares of common stock (“closing
shares”). The Microvast shareholders and the investors in Microvast’s majority-owned subsidiary, Microvast Power System
(Houzhou) Co. Ltd. (“MPS”), will also have the ability to earn an additional 20,000,000 shares of common stock (“earnout
shares”) if the daily volume weighted average price of the common stock is greater than or equal to $ 18.00 for any 20 trading
days within a 30 trading day period (or a change of control occurs that results in the holders of common stock receiving a per
share price equal to or in excess of $18.00), during the period commencing on the closing date and ending on the third anniversary
of the closing date. Concurrently with the execution of the Merger Agreement, Tuscan and Microvast will jointly acquire 100 % ownership
of MPS and will discharge certain convertible loans of MPS. The Merger will be accounted for as a reverse recapitalization
in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America (“U.S. GAAP”). Under this
method of accounting, Tuscan will be treated as the “acquired” company for accounting purposes and the Business Combination
will be treated as the equivalent of Microvast issuing stock for the net assets of Tuscan, accompanied by a recapitalization. The
net assets of Tuscan will be stated at historical cost, with no goodwill or other intangible assets recorded. Additionally,
the Merger Agreement provides that Tuscan will issue an aggregate of 6,736,111 shares of common stock upon conversion (the
“Bridge Notes Conversion”) of an aggregate of $ 57,500,000 outstanding promissory notes issued by Microvast. Further,
on February 1, 2021, Tuscan, the Sponsor, Microvast and certain stockholders of Tuscan entered into the Sponsor Support Agreement
(the “Sponsor Support Agreement”), pursuant to which the Sponsor and certain officers and directors of Tuscan (collectively,
the “Sponsor Group”) agreed, among other things, to vote all equity interests of Tuscan held by such member of the
Sponsor Group in favor of the approval and adoption of the proposed business combination with Microvast. Additionally, such members
of the Sponsor Group have agreed not to (a) transfer any of their equity interests in the Company (or enter into any arrangement
with respect thereto) other than as set forth therein or (b) exercise any conversion rights of any equity interests held by such
member of the Sponsor Group in connection with the approval of the proposed business combination. The
Sponsor also agreed that, to the extent that certain expenses of Tuscan are in excess of $ 46,000,000 (unless such expenses shall
have been approved by Microvast), the Sponsor will either (i) pay any such excess amount in cash or (ii) forfeit to Tuscan such
number of shares of common stock held by the Sponsor that would have a value equal to such excess. The Sponsor also agreed to
amend the escrow agreement to make certain adjustments to the terms of the escrow of its shares of common stock as set forth in
the Sponsor Support Agreement. Contemporaneously with
the execution of the Merger Agreement, certain investors entered into subscription agreements (the “Subscription Agreements”),
pursuant to which such investors subscribed for an aggregate value of $ 482,500,000 , representing 48,250,000 shares of Tuscan common
stock at a purchase price of $ 10.00 per share in a private placement (the “PIPE Financing”) to be consummated immediately
prior to the consummation of the Transactions. Affiliates of InterPrivate, a co-sponsor of Tuscan, subscribed to purchase 6.5 million
shares in the PIPE Financing for an aggregate purchase price of $ 65 million. Immediately
following the Closing, the former equityholders of Microvast will hold approximately 69.9% of the issued and outstanding shares
of common stock and the current stockholders of Tuscan will hold approximately 9.2% of the issued and outstanding shares of common
stock, which pro forma ownership (1) assumes no holder of the common stock sold in Tuscan’s initial public offering
(such persons, the “Public Stockholders”) exercises its conversion rights in connection with the business combination,
and (2) reflects the issuance of an aggregate of 48,250,000 shares of Common Stock in the PIPE Financing and 6,736,111 shares
of common stock in the Bridge Notes Conversion, but does not include the effect of any other financing of Tuscan. If the maximum
number of Public Shares are converted into cash such that Microvast does not have the right to terminate the Merger Agreement
(i.e., Tuscan has at least $5,000,001 of net tangible assets immediately prior to or upon consummation of the business combination),
such percentages will be approximately 76.8% and 0.2%, respectively. Consummation
of the proposed business combination is subject to customary conditions and covenants of the respective parties, including approval
of Tuscan’s stockholders and Tuscan having available cash of at least $ 250,000,000 . Extension Amendment On March 12, 2021,
Tuscan filed a preliminary proxy statement seeking approval from its stockholders to amend Tuscan’s charter to extend the
date by which Tuscan is required to complete its initial business combination from April 30, 2021 to July 31, 2021 and to hold
an annual meeting for the election of directors in accordance with Nasdaq listing rules. Nasdaq Compliance On January 6,
2021, we received a notice from the Listing Qualifications Department of The Nasdaq Stock Market stating that we failed to hold
an Annual Meeting of stockholders within 12 months after our fiscal year ended December 31, 2019, as required by Nasdaq
Listing Rule 5620(a). In accordance with Nasdaq Listing Rule 5810(c)(2)(G), we submitted a plan to regain compliance
on February 4, 2021. Nasdaq accepted our plan and granted us an extension through June 29, 2021 to hold an annual meeting.
Nasdaq’s decision is subject to certain conditions, including that we provide periodic updates with respect to our proposed
business combination with Microvast. Loan Commitment On February 12,
2021, the Sponsor extended a loan to Tuscan in the aggregate principal amount totaling $ 1.2 million, of which $400,000 was
drawn upon on such date. This loan was in addition to the previous $200,000 drawn upon the $300,000 convertible note that was committed
by the Sponsor on April 21, 2020. As a result of the February 12, 2021 commitment, the Sponsor had committed to Tuscan a total
of $1.5 million, of which a total of $600,000 has been drawn upon, with $400,000 of the drawn amount pursuant to the February 12,
2021 note. The Sponsor intends to convert the $1.5 million total loan balance into 150,000 Units immediately prior to the closing
of the proposed business combination with Microvast. Such units will have terms identical to the terms of the Company’s Private
Units and will consist of (i) 150,000 shares of common stock and (ii) warrants to purchase 150,000 shares of common stock
at an exercise price of $11.50 per share, subject to adjustment. F-17 No No Yes Yes false --12-31 FY false 0001760689 0001760689 2020-01-01 2020-12-31 0001760689 2021-03-23 0001760689 2020-06-30 0001760689 2020-12-31 0001760689 2019-12-31 0001760689 2019-01-01 2019-12-31 0001760689 us-gaap:CommonStockMember 2018-12-31 0001760689 us-gaap:AdditionalPaidInCapitalMember 2018-12-31 0001760689 us-gaap:RetainedEarningsMember 2018-12-31 0001760689 2018-12-31 0001760689 us-gaap:CommonStockMember 2019-01-01 2019-12-31 0001760689 us-gaap:AdditionalPaidInCapitalMember 2019-01-01 2019-12-31 0001760689 us-gaap:RetainedEarningsMember 2019-01-01 2019-12-31 0001760689 us-gaap:CommonStockMember 2019-12-31 0001760689 us-gaap:AdditionalPaidInCapitalMember 2019-12-31 0001760689 us-gaap:RetainedEarningsMember 2019-12-31 0001760689 us-gaap:CommonStockMember 2020-01-01 2020-12-31 0001760689 us-gaap:AdditionalPaidInCapitalMember 2020-01-01 2020-12-31 0001760689 us-gaap:RetainedEarningsMember 2020-01-01 2020-12-31 0001760689 us-gaap:CommonStockMember 2020-12-31 0001760689 us-gaap:AdditionalPaidInCapitalMember 2020-12-31 0001760689 us-gaap:RetainedEarningsMember 2020-12-31 0001760689 us-gaap:IPOMember 2019-03-01 2019-03-07 0001760689 us-gaap:CommonStockMember us-gaap:IPOMember 2019-03-07 0001760689 us-gaap:CommonStockMember us-gaap:IPOMember 2019-03-01 2019-03-07 0001760689 thcb:EarlyBirdCapitalMember thcb:SponsorMember 2019-03-01 2019-03-07 0001760689 thcb:EarlyBirdCapitalMember thcb:SponsorMember 2019-03-07 0001760689 thcb:EarlyBirdCapitalMember thcb:SponsorMember 2020-01-01 2020-12-31 0001760689 us-gaap:IPOMember 2020-01-01 2020-12-31 0001760689 us-gaap:OverAllotmentOptionMember 2019-03-01 2019-03-12 0001760689 thcb:PrivateUnitsMember 2019-03-01 2019-03-12 0001760689 thcb:PrivateUnitsMember 2019-03-12 0001760689 us-gaap:OverAllotmentOptionMember 2019-03-12 0001760689 us-gaap:CommonStockMember us-gaap:SubsequentEventMember 2020-12-07 2021-04-30 0001760689 us-gaap:CommonStockMember us-gaap:SubsequentEventMember 2021-04-30 0001760689 2020-04-20 0001760689 2020-04-21 0001760689 us-gaap:PrivatePlacementMember 2020-01-01 2020-12-31 0001760689 us-gaap:IPOMember 2019-03-07 0001760689 thcb:SponsorMember 2020-01-01 2020-12-31 0001760689 thcb:SponsorMember 2020-12-31 0001760689 thcb:FoundeSharesMember 2018-11-01 2018-11-30 0001760689 thcb:FoundeSharesMember 2019-03-01 2019-03-05 0001760689 2019-03-01 2019-03-05 0001760689 2019-03-05 0001760689 thcb:FoundeSharesMember 2020-01-01 2020-12-31 0001760689 us-gaap:PrivatePlacementMember 2020-12-31 0001760689 thcb:VogelPartnersLlpMember 2020-01-01 2020-12-31 0001760689 srt:ChiefExecutiveOfficerMember 2020-12-31 0001760689 srt:ChiefExecutiveOfficerMember 2018-11-30 0001760689 thcb:SponsorMember 2020-04-20 0001760689 thcb:SponsorMember 2020-04-21 0001760689 thcb:PrivateUnitsMember 2020-04-21 0001760689 thcb:MorganStanleyMember 2020-01-01 2020-12-31 0001760689 thcb:PrivateInvestmentInPublicEquityMember thcb:MorganStanleyMember 2020-01-01 2020-12-31 0001760689 us-gaap:WarrantMember 2020-01-01 2020-12-31 0001760689 thcb:EarlyBirdCapitalMember us-gaap:WarrantMember 2018-11-01 2018-11-30 0001760689 us-gaap:FairValueInputsLevel1Member 2020-12-31 0001760689 us-gaap:FairValueInputsLevel1Member 2019-12-31 0001760689 us-gaap:SubsequentEventMember 2021-01-26 2021-02-01 0001760689 thcb:MicrovastPowerSystemMember us-gaap:SubsequentEventMember 2021-01-26 2021-02-01 0001760689 2021-01-26 2021-02-01 0001760689 thcb:MicrovastPowerSystemMember us-gaap:SubsequentEventMember 2021-02-01 0001760689 thcb:BridgeNotesConversionMember us-gaap:SubsequentEventMember 2021-02-01 0001760689 thcb:SponsorMember us-gaap:SubsequentEventMember 2021-01-26 2021-02-01 0001760689 thcb:SubscriptionAgreementsMember us-gaap:SubsequentEventMember 2021-01-26 2021-02-01 0001760689 thcb:SubscriptionAgreementsMember thcb:CosponsorMember us-gaap:SubsequentEventMember 2021-01-26 2021-02-01 0001760689 thcb:MergerAgreementMember us-gaap:SubsequentEventMember 2021-01-26 2021-02-01 0001760689 us-gaap:SubsequentEventMember 2021-02-01 0001760689 thcb:SponsorMember us-gaap:SubsequentEventMember 2021-02-02 2021-02-12 0001760689 us-gaap:SubsequentEventMember 2021-02-12 xbrli:shares iso4217:USD iso4217:USD xbrli:shares xbrli:pure