10-Q 1 d329285d10q.htm 10-Q 10-Q Table of Contents UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 FORM 10-Q (Mark One) ☒ | QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the quarterly period ended March 31, 2021 ☐ | TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the transition period
from to Commission File No. 001-39704 ZANITE ACQUISITION CORP. (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) Delaware | 85-2549808
(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) | (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 25101 Chagrin Boulevard, Suite 350 Cleveland, Ohio 44122 (Address of Principal Executive Offices, including zip code) (216) 292-0200 (Registrant’s telephone number, including area code) N/A (Former name, former
address and former fiscal year, if changed since last report) Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Title of each class | Trading symbol(s) | Name of each exchange on which registered
Units, each consisting of one share of Class A common stock and one-half of one redeemable warrant | ZNTU | The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC
Class A common stock, par value $0.0001 par value | ZNTE | The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC
Warrants, each whole warrant exercisable for one share of Class A common stock, each at an exercise price of $11.50 per share | ZNTEW | The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90
days. Yes ☐ No ☒ Indicate by check mark whether the
registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (§232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such
shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). Yes ☒ No ☐ Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of “large accelerated filer,” “accelerated filer,” “smaller reporting
company,” and “emerging growth company” in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. ☐ Large accelerated filer | ☐ Accelerated filer
☒ Non-accelerated filer | ☒ Smaller reporting company
☒ Emerging growth company If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended
transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. ☐ Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the
Exchange Act): Yes ☒ No ☐ As of June 21, 2021, there
were 23,000,000 shares of Class A common stock and 5,750,000 shares of Class B common stock, $0.0001 par value, issued and outstanding. Table of Contents ZANITE ACQUISITION CORP. FORM 10-Q FOR THE QUARTER ENDED MARCH 31, 2021 TABLE OF CONTENTS Page
PART 1 – FINANCIAL INFORMATION
Item 1. | Financial Statements
Condensed Balance Sheets as of March 31, 2021 (Unaudited) and December 31, 2020 | 1
Condensed Statement of Operations for the Three Months Ended March 31, 2021 (Unaudited) | 2
Condensed Statement of Changes in Stockholders’ Equity for the Three Months Ended March 31, 2021 (Unaudited) | 3
Condensed Statement of Cash Flows for the Three Months Ended March 31, 2021 (Unaudited) | 4
Notes to Condensed Financial Statements (Unaudited) | 5
Item 2. | Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations | 15
Item 3. | Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk | 17
Item 4. | Control and Procedures | 17
PART II – OTHER INFORMATION
Item 1. | Legal Proceedings | 17
Item 1A. | Risk Factors | 17
Item 2. | Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds | 18
Item 3. | Defaults Upon Senior Securities | 18
Item 4. | Mine Safety Disclosures | 18
Item 5. | Other Information | 18
Item 6. | Exhibits | 19
SIGNATURES | 20 i Table of Contents ZANITE ACQUISITION CORP. CONDENSED BALANCE SHEETS March 31, | December 31,
2021 | 2020
(Unaudited)
ASSETS
Current Assets
Cash | $ | 1,503,349 | $ | 1,971,811
Prepaid expenses | 288,910 | 308,608
Total Current Assets | 1,792,259 | 2,280,419
Investments held in trust account | 232,308,402 | 232,302,673
Total Assets | $ | 234,100,661 | $ | 234,583,092
LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS’ EQUITY
Current liabilities:
Accounts payable and accrued expenses | $ | 241,042 | $ | 352,051
Total Current Liabilities | 241,042 | 352,051
Derivative liabilities | 27,939,000 | 40,057,500
Deferred underwriting fee payable | 8,050,000 | 8,050,000
Total Liabilities | 36,230,042 | 48,459,551
Commitments and contingencies
Class A common stock subject to possible redemption, 23,000,000 and 23,000,000 shares at $10.10 per share redemption value as of March 31, 2021, and December 31, 2020, respectively | 232,300,000 | 232,300,000
Stockholders’ Equity
Preferred stock, $0.0001 par value; 1,000,000 shares authorized; none issued and outstanding | — | —
Class A common stock, $0.0001 par value; 100,000,000 shares authorized; | — | —
Class B common stock, $0.0001 par value; 10,000,000 shares authorized; 5,750,000 shares issued and outstanding at March 31, 2021 and December 31, 2020 | 575 | 575
Additional paid-in capital | — | —
Accumulated deficit | (34,429,956 | ) | (46,177,034 | )
Total Stockholders’ Equity | (34,429,381 | ) | (46,176,459 | )
Total Liabilities and Stockholders’ Equity | $ | 234,100,661 | $ | 234,583,092 The accompanying notes are an integral part of the unaudited condensed financial statements. 1 Table of Contents ZANITE ACQUISITION CORP. CONDENSED STATEMENT OF OPERATIONS FOR THE THREE MONTHS ENDED MARCH 31, 2021 (Unaudited) General and administrative expenses | $ | 377,151
Loss from operations | (377,151 | )
Other income:
Interest earned on marketable securities held in Trust Account | 5,729
Change in fair value of derivative liabilities | 12,118,500
Net Income | $ | 11,747,078
Weighted average shares outstanding of Class A redeemable common stock | 23,000,000
Basic and diluted net income per share, Class A | $ | 0.00
Weighted average shares outstanding of Class B non-redeemable common stock | 5,750,000
Basic and diluted net income per share, Class B | $ | 2.04 The accompanying notes are an integral part of the unaudited condensed financial statements. 2 Table of Contents ZANITE ACQUISITION CORP. CONDENSED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS’ EQUITY FOR THE THREE MONTHS ENDED MARCH 31, 2021 (Unaudited) Additional | Total
Class A Common Stock | Class B Common Stock | Paid-in | Accumulated | Stockholders’
Shares | Amount | Shares | Amount | Capital | Deficit | Equity
Balance – January 1, 2021 | — | $ | — | 5,750,000 | $ | 575 | $ | — | $ | (46,177,034 | ) | $ | (46,176,459 | )
Net income | — | — | — | — | — | 11,747,078 | 11,747,078
Balance – March 31, 2021 | — | $ | — | 5,750,000 | $ | 575 | $ | — | $ | (34,429,956 | ) | $ | (34,429,381 | ) The accompanying notes are an integral part of the unaudited condensed financial statements. 3 Table of Contents ZANITE ACQUISITION CORP. CONDENSED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS FOR THE THREE MONTHS ENDED MARCH 31, 2021 (Unaudited) Cash Flows from Operating Activities:
Net income | $ | 11,747,078
Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash used in operating activities:
Change in fair value of derivative liabilities | (12,118,500 | )
Interest earned on investments held in Trust Account | (5,729 | )
Changes in operating assets and liabilities:
Prepaid expenses | 19,698 | )
Accounts payable and accrued expenses | (111,009 | )
Net cash used in operating activities | (468,462 | )
Net Change in Cash | (468,462 | )
Cash – Beginning of period | 1,971,811
Cash – End of period | $ | 1,503,349 The accompanying notes are an integral part of the unaudited condensed financial statements. 4 Table of Contents ZANITE ACQUISITION CORP. NOTES TO CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS MARCH 31, 2021 (Unaudited) NOTE 1. DESCRIPTION OF
ORGANIZATION AND BUSINESS OPERATIONS Zanite Acquisition Corp. (the “Company”) was incorporated in Delaware on August 7,
2020. The Company was formed for the purpose of effecting a merger, capital stock exchange, asset acquisition, stock purchase, reorganization or similar business combination with one or more businesses (a “Business Combination”). The Company is not limited to a particular industry or sector for purposes of consummating a Business Combination. The Company is an early
stage and emerging growth company and, as such, the Company is subject to all of the risks associated with early stage and emerging growth companies. As of March 31, 2021, the Company had not commenced any operations. All activity for the period from August 7, 2020 (inception)
through March 31, 2021 relates to the Company’s formation and the initial public offering (“Initial Public Offering”), which is described below, as well as activities related to identifying potential acquisitions. The Company
will not generate any operating revenues until after the completion of its initial Business Combination, at the earliest. The Company will generate non-operating income in the form of interest income from the
proceeds derived from the Initial Public Offering. The registration statement for the Company’s Initial Public Offering was declared
effective on November 16, 2020. On November 19, 2020, the Company consummated the Initial Public Offering of 23,000,000 units (the “Units” and, with respect to the Class A common stock included in the Units sold, the
“Public Shares”), which includes the full exercise by the underwriters of the over-allotment option to purchase an additional 3,000,000 Units, at $10.00 per Unit, generating gross proceeds of $230,000,000, which is described in Note 3. Simultaneously with the closing of the Initial Public Offering, the Company consummated the sale of 9,650,000 warrants (the “Private
Placement Warrants”) at a price of $1.00 per Private Placement Warrant in a private placement to Zanite Sponsor LLC (the “Sponsor”), generating gross proceeds of $9,650,000, which is described in Note 4. Transaction costs amounted to $13,143,093, consisting of $4,600,000 of underwriting fees, $8,050,000 of deferred underwriting fees and
$493,093 of other offering costs. Following the closing of the Initial Public Offering on November 19, 2020, an amount of
$232,300,000 ($10.10 per Unit) from the net proceeds of the sale of the Units in the Initial Public Offering and the sale of the Private Placement Warrants was placed in a trust account (the “Trust Account”), located in the
United States and invested only in a money market fund selected by the Company meeting certain conditions of Rule 2a-7 of the Investment Company Act, as determined by the Company, until the earlier
of: (i) the completion of a Business Combination and (ii) the distribution of the funds held in the Trust Account, as described below. The Company’s management has broad discretion with respect to the specific application of the net proceeds of the Initial Public Offering
and the sale of Private Placement Warrants, although substantially all of the net proceeds are intended to be applied generally toward consummating a Business Combination. There is no assurance that the Company will be able to complete a Business
Combination successfully. The Company must complete one or more initial Business Combinations with one or more operating businesses or assets with a fair market value equal to at least 80% of the net assets held in the Trust Account (excluding the
deferred underwriting commissions and taxes payable on the interest earned on the Trust Account). The Company will only complete a Business Combination if the post-transaction company owns or acquires 50% or more of the outstanding voting securities
of the target or otherwise acquires a controlling interest in the target business sufficient for it not to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act. The Company will provide the holders of the outstanding Public Shares (the “Public Stockholders”) with the opportunity to redeem all
or a portion of their Public Shares upon the completion of a Business Combination either (i) in connection with a stockholder meeting called to approve the Business Combination or (ii) by means of a tender offer. The decision as to whether
the Company will seek stockholder approval of a Business Combination or conduct a tender offer will be made by the Company. The Public Stockholders will be entitled to redeem their Public Shares for a pro rata portion of the amount then in the Trust
Account (initially anticipated to be $10.10 per Public Share, plus any pro rata interest then in the Trust Account, net of taxes payable). There will be no redemption rights upon the completion of a Business Combination with respect to the
Company’s warrants. The Company will only proceed with a Business Combination if the Company has net tangible assets of at least
$5,000,001 following any related redemptions and, if the Company seeks stockholder approval, a majority of the shares voted are voted in favor of the Business Combination. If a stockholder vote is not required by applicable law or stock exchange
listing requirements and the Company does not decide to hold a stockholder vote for business or other reasons, the Company will, pursuant to its Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation (the “Certificate of Incorporation”),
conduct the redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”) and file tender offer documents with the SEC prior to completing a Business Combination. If, however, stockholder approval of
the transaction is required by applicable law or stock exchange 5 Table of Contents ZANITE ACQUISITION CORP. NOTES TO CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS MARCH 31, 2021 (Unaudited) listing requirements, or the Company decides to obtain stockholder approval for business or other reasons,
the Company will offer to redeem shares in conjunction with a proxy solicitation pursuant to the proxy rules and not pursuant to the tender offer rules. If the Company seeks stockholder approval in connection with a Business Combination, the Sponsor
has agreed to vote its Founder Shares (as defined in Note 5) and any Public Shares purchased during or after the Initial Public Offering in favor of approving a Business Combination. Additionally, each Public Stockholder may elect to redeem their
Public Shares without voting, and if they do vote, irrespective of whether they vote for or against the proposed transaction. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the Company seeks stockholder approval of a Business Combination and it does not conduct redemptions
pursuant to the tender offer rules, the Certificate of Incorporation will provide that a Public Stockholder, together with any affiliate of such stockholder or any other person with whom such stockholder is acting in concert or as a
“group” (as defined under Section 13 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “Exchange Act”)), will be restricted from redeeming its shares with respect to more than an aggregate of 15% of the Public Shares,
without the prior consent of the Company. The Sponsor has agreed (a) to waive its redemption rights with respect to the Founder
Shares and Public Shares held by it in connection with the completion of a Business Combination and (b) not to propose an amendment to the Certificate of Incorporation (i) to modify the substance or timing of the Company’s obligation
to allow redemptions in connection with a Business Combination or to redeem 100% of its Public Shares if the Company does not complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period (as defined below) or (ii) with respect to any other
provision relating to stockholders’ rights or pre-business combination activity, unless the Company provides the Public Stockholders with the opportunity to redeem their Public Shares in conjunction with
any such amendment. The Company will have until November 19, 2021 to consummate a Business Combination. However, if the Company
anticipates that it may not be able to consummate a Business Combination by November 19, 2021, the Company may, by resolution of its board of directors if requested by the Sponsor, extend the period of time the Company will have to consummate a
Business Combination up to two times, each by an additional 6 months (until May 19, 2022), subject to the sponsor purchasing additional Private Placement Warrants. The Company’s stockholders will not be entitled to vote on or redeem their
shares in connection with any such extension. Pursuant to the terms of the Certificate of Incorporation, in order to extend the period of time to consummate a Business Combination in such a manner, the Sponsor, upon no less than five days’
advance notice prior to the applicable deadline, must purchase an additional 2,300,000 Private Placement Warrants, at a price of $1.00 per warrant and deposit the $2,300,000 in proceeds into the Trust Account on or prior to the date of the
applicable deadline. In the event that the Company receives notice from the Sponsor five days prior to the applicable deadline of its wish for the Company to effect an extension, the Company intends to issue a press release announcing such intention
at least three days prior to the applicable deadline. In addition, the Company intends to issue a press release the day after the applicable deadline announcing whether or not the funds have been timely deposited. Our sponsor has the option to
accelerate its purchase of 2,300,000 Private Placement Warrants at any time prior to the consummation of the Business Combination with the same effect of extending the time the Company will have to consummate a Business Combination by 6 months (see
Note 10). In addition to the Sponsor’s ability to extend the Company’s deadline to consummate a Business Combination in 6-month increments by purchasing additional Private Placement Warrants as described above, the Company may also hold a stockholder vote at any time to amend the Certificate of Incorporation to modify the amount of
time the Company will have to consummate a Business Combination. The Sponsor and the Company’s executive officers, directors and director nominees have agreed that they will not propose any such amendment unless the Company provides the Public
Stockholders with the opportunity to redeem their Public Shares upon approval of any such amendment at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account,
including interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account (net of permitted withdrawals), divided by the number of then outstanding Public Shares. As used herein, “Combination Period” refers to (i) the 6-month period from the closing of the Initial Public Offering in which the Company must complete a Business Combination, (ii) the 12- or 18-month period from the closing of the Initial Public Offering in which the Company must complete a Business Combination if the Sponsor has extended the period of time for the Company to consummate a Business
Combination by purchasing additional Private Placement Warrants, and (iii) such other time period in which the Company must consummate a Business Combination pursuant to an amendment to the Certificate of Incorporation. If the Company has not completed a Business Combination within the Combination Period, the Company will (i) cease all operations except
for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the Public Shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the
aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account, including interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account and not previously released to pay taxes (less up to $100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of
then outstanding Public Shares, which redemption will completely extinguish Public Stockholders’ rights as stockholders (including the right to receive further liquidating distributions, if any), and (iii) as promptly as reasonably
possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of the Company’s remaining stockholders and the Company’s board of directors, dissolve and liquidate, subject in each case to the Company’s obligations under Delaware law to
provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. There will be no redemption rights or liquidating distributions with respect to the Company’s warrants, which will expire worthless if the Company fails to complete a
Business Combination within the Combination Period. 6 Table of Contents ZANITE ACQUISITION CORP. NOTES TO CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS MARCH 31, 2021 (Unaudited) The Sponsor has agreed to waive its liquidation rights with respect to the Founder Shares if
the Company fails to complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period. However, if the Sponsor acquires Public Shares after the Initial Public Offering, such Public Shares will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the Trust
Account if the Company fails to complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period. The underwriters have agreed to waive their rights to their deferred underwriting commission (see Note 6) held in the Trust Account in the event the
Company does not complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period and, in such event, such amounts will be included with the other funds held in the Trust Account that will be available to fund the redemption of the Public Shares. In
the event of such distribution, it is possible that the per share value of the assets remaining available for distribution will be less than the amount initially deposited into the Trust Account ($10.10). In order to protect the amounts held in the Trust Account, the Sponsor has agreed to be liable to the Company if and to the extent any claims
by a third party for services rendered or products sold to the Company, or a prospective target business with which the Company has discussed entering into a transaction agreement, reduce the amount of funds in the Trust Account to below the lesser
of (i) $10.10 per Public Share and (ii) the actual amount per Public Share held in the Trust Account as of the date of the liquidation of the Trust Account, if less than $10.10 per public Share due to reductions in the value of the trust
assets, less taxes payable, provided that such liability will not apply to any claims by a third party or prospective target business who executed a waiver of any and all rights to monies held in the Trust Account nor will it apply to any claims
under the Company’s indemnity of the underwriters of the Initial Public Offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”). Moreover, in the event that an
executed waiver is deemed to be unenforceable against a third party, the Sponsor will not be responsible to the extent of any liability for such third-party claims. The Company will seek to reduce the possibility that the Sponsor will have to
indemnify the Trust Account due to claims of creditors by endeavoring to have all vendors, service providers (except for the Company’s independent registered public accounting firm), prospective target businesses and other entities with which
the Company does business, execute agreements with the Company waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to monies held in the Trust Account. Going Concern In connection with
the Company’s assessment of going concern considerations in accordance with Accounting Standards Codification (“ASC”) 205-40, “Disclosures of Uncertainties about an Entity’s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern,”
management has determined that if the Company is unable to complete a Business Combination by November 19, 2021, then the Company may cease all operations except for the purpose of liquidating unless a resolution of its board of directors is
passed at the request of the Sponsor to extend the period of time the Company will have to consummate a Business Combination by an additional 6 months (until May 19, 2022) subject to the Sponsor purchasing additional Private Placement Warrants.
The uncertainty surrounding the date for mandatory liquidation and subsequent dissolution raise substantial doubt about the Company’s ability to continue as a going concern. No adjustments have been made to the carrying amounts of assets or
liabilities should the Company be required to liquidate after November 19, 2021. NOTE 2. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES Basis of Presentation The
accompanying unaudited condensed financial statements have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America (“GAAP”) for interim financial information and in accordance with the
instructions to Form 10-Q and Article 8 of Regulation S-X of the Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”). Certain information or footnote disclosures
normally included in financial statements prepared in accordance with GAAP have been condensed or omitted, pursuant to the rules and regulations of the SEC for interim financial reporting. Accordingly, they do not include all the information and
footnotes necessary for a complete presentation of financial position, results of operations, or cash flows. In the opinion of management, the accompanying unaudited condensed financial statements include all adjustments, consisting of a normal
recurring nature, which are necessary for a fair presentation of the financial position, operating results and cash flows for the periods presented. The accompanying unaudited condensed financial statements should be read in conjunction with the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K/A as filed with the SEC on June 14, 2021. The interim results for the three months ended March 31, 2021 are not necessarily indicative of the results to be expected for the year ending
December 31, 2021 or for any future periods. Emerging Growth Company The Company is an “emerging growth company,” as defined in Section 2(a) of the Securities Act, as modified by the Jumpstart Our
Business Startups Act of 2012 (the “JOBS Act”), and it may take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not emerging growth companies including, but not
limited to, not being required to comply with the independent registered public accounting firm attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in its periodic
reports and proxy statements, and exemptions from the requirements of holding a nonbinding advisory vote on executive compensation and stockholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved. 7 Table of Contents ZANITE ACQUISITION CORP. NOTES TO CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS MARCH 31, 2021 (Unaudited) Further, Section 102(b)(1) of the JOBS Act exempts emerging growth companies from being
required to comply with new or revised financial accounting standards until private companies (that is, those that have not had a Securities Act registration statement declared effective or do not have a class of securities registered under the
Exchange Act) are required to comply with the new or revised financial accounting standards. The JOBS Act provides that a company can elect to opt out of the extended transition period and comply with the requirements that apply to non-emerging growth companies but any such election to opt out is irrevocable. The Company has elected not to opt out of such extended transition period which means that when a standard is issued or revised and it
has different application dates for public or private companies, the Company, as an emerging growth company, can adopt the new or revised standard at the time private companies adopt the new or revised standard. This may make comparison of the
Company’s financial statements with another public company which is neither an emerging growth company nor an emerging growth company which has opted out of using the extended transition period difficult or impossible because of the potential
differences in accounting standards used. Use of Estimates The preparation of condensed financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires the Company’s management to make estimates and
assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Making estimates requires management to exercise significant judgment. It is at least reasonably possible that the estimate of the effect of a
condition, situation or set of circumstances that existed at the date of the financial statements, which management considered in formulating its estimate, could change in the near term due to one or more future confirming events. One of the more
significant accounting estimates included in these financial statements is the determination of the fair value of the warrant and forward contract derivative liabilities. Accordingly, the actual results could differ significantly from those
estimates. Cash and Cash Equivalents The Company considers all short-term investments with an original maturity of three months or less when purchased to be cash equivalents. The
Company did not have any cash equivalents as of March 31, 2021 and December 31, 2020. Marketable Securities Held in Trust Account At March 31, 2021 and December 31, 2020, the assets held in the Trust Account were substantially held in money market
funds which are invested primarily in U.S. Treasury Securities. Offering Costs Offering costs consist of legal, accounting, underwriting, and other expenses incurred through the balance sheet date that are directly related
to the Initial Public Offering. Offering costs amounting to $13,143,093 were recognized with $854,301 allocated to the Public Warrants, included in the Statement of Operations as a component of other income/(expense) and $12,288,792 included in
stockholders’ equity upon completion of the Initial Public Offering. Deferred underwriting commissions are classified as a long-term liability due to their encumbrance to the trust account. Fair Value of Financial Instruments The fair value of the Company’s assets and liabilities, which qualify as financial instruments under ASC 820, “Fair Value
Measurement,” approximates the carrying amounts represented in the accompanying condensed balance sheets, primarily due to their short-term nature. Derivative Financial Instruments The Company evaluates its financial instruments to determine if such instruments are derivatives or contain features that qualify as embedded
derivatives in accordance with ASC Topic 815, “Derivatives and Hedging”. The Company’s derivative instruments are recorded at fair value as of the IPO (November 19, 2020) and re-valued at each
reporting date, with changes in the fair value reported in the Statement of Operations. Derivative assets and liabilities are classified on the balance sheet as current or non-current based on whether or not net-cash settlement or conversion of the instrument could be required within 12 months of the balance sheet date. The Company has determined the warrants and the forward contract for additional warrants are
derivatives. As the financial instruments meet the definition of a derivative the warrants and the forward contract for additional warrants are measured at fair value at issuance and at each reporting date in accordance with ASC 820, Fair Value
Measurement, with changes in fair value recognized in the Statement of Operations in the period of change. Fair Value Measurements The Company complies with ASC 820, Fair Value Measurements , for its financial assets and liabilities that are re-measured and reported at fair value at each reporting period, and non-financial assets and liabilities that are re-measured and
reported at fair value at least annually. ASC 820 determines fair value to be the price that would be received to sell an asset or would be paid to transfer a liability (i.e., the exit price) in an orderly transaction between market participants at
the measurement date. The following fair value hierarchy is used to classify assets and liabilities based on the observable inputs and
unobservable inputs used in order to value the assets and liabilities: Level 1: | Quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities. An active market for an asset or liability is a market in which transactions for the asset or liability occur with sufficient frequency and volume to provide pricing information on an ongoing basis.
Level 2: | Observable inputs other than Level 1 inputs. Examples of Level 2 inputs include quoted prices in active markets for similar assets or liabilities and quoted prices for identical assets or liabilities in markets that are not active.
Level 3: | Unobservable inputs based on our assessment of the assumptions that market participants would use in pricing the asset or liability. 8 Table of Contents ZANITE ACQUISITION CORP. NOTES TO CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS MARCH 31, 2021 (Unaudited) See Note 9 for additional information on assets and liabilities measured at fair value. Concentration of Credit Risk Financial instruments that potentially subject the Company to concentrations of credit risk consist of a cash account in a financial
institution, which, at times, may exceed the Federal Depository Insurance Coverage of $250,000. The Company has not experienced losses on this account and management believes the Company is not exposed to significant risks on such account. Class A Common Stock Subject to Possible Redemption The Company accounts for its Class A common stock subject to possible redemption in accordance with the guidance in ASC Topic 480
“Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity.” Shares of Class A common stock subject to mandatory redemption, if any, are classified as a liability instrument and are measured at fair value. Conditionally redeemable common stock
(including common stock that feature redemption rights that are either within the control of the holder or subject to redemption upon the occurrence of uncertain events not solely within the Company’s control) is classified as temporary equity.
At all other times, common stock is classified as stockholders’ equity. The Company’s Class A common stock features certain redemption rights that are considered to be outside of the Company’s control and subject to occurrence of
uncertain future events. Accordingly, shares of Class A common stock subject to possible redemption are presented as temporary equity, outside of the stockholders’ equity section of the Company’s balance sheets. As discussed in Note 4, all of the 23,000,000 Class A common stock sold as part of the Units in the Public Offering contain a redemption
feature which allows for the redemption of such public shares in connection with the Company’s liquidation, if there is a stockholder vote or tender offer in connection with the Business Combination and in connection with certain amendments to
the Company’s second amended and restated certificate of incorporation. Accordingly, all of the Company’s Class A common stock are presented as temporary equity, outside of the stockholders’ equity section of the Company’s
balance sheet. The Company recognizes changes in redemption value immediately as they occur and adjusts the carrying value of redeemable
common stock to equal the redemption value at the end of each reporting period. Increases or decreases in the carrying amount of redeemable common stock are affected by charges against additional paid in capital and accumulated deficit. Net Income (Loss) per Common Share Net income (loss) per share is computed by dividing net income/loss by the weighted average number of shares of common stock outstanding during
the period. The calculation of diluted loss per share does not consider the effect of the warrants issued in connection with the (i) Initial Public Offering, (ii) the exercise of the over-allotment option and (iii) Private Placement
Warrants since the exercise of the warrants is contingent upon the occurrence of future events and the inclusion of such warrants would be anti-dilutive. The warrants are exercisable to purchase 21,150,000 shares of Class A common stock in the
aggregate. The Company’s statement of operations includes a presentation of income (loss) per share for common shares subject to
possible redemption in a manner similar to the two-class method of income (loss) per share. Net income per common share, basic and diluted, for Class A redeemable common stock is calculated by dividing
the interest income earned on the Trust Account, net of applicable franchise and income taxes, by the weighted average number of Class A redeemable common stock outstanding since original issuance. Net loss per share, basic and diluted, for
Class B non-redeemable common stock is calculated by dividing the net loss, adjusted for income attributable to Class A redeemable common stock, net of applicable franchise and income taxes, by the
weighted average number of Class B non-redeemable common stock outstanding for the period. Class B non-redeemable common stock includes the Founder Shares as
these shares do not have any redemption features and do not participate in the income earned on the Trust Account. The following table
reflects the calculation of basic and diluted net income (loss) per common share (in dollars, except per share amounts): Three Months Ended March 31, 2021
Redeemable Class A Common Stock
Numerator: Earnings allocable to Redeemable Class A Common Stock
Interest Income | $ | 5,729
Income and Franchise Tax | $ | (5,729 | )
Net Earnings | $ | —
Denominator: Weighted Average Redeemable Class A Common Stock
Redeemable Class A Common Stock, Basic and Diluted | 23,000,000
Earnings/Basic and Diluted Redeemable Class A Common Stock | $ | 0.00
Non-Redeemable Class B Common Stock
Numerator: Net Income minus Redeemable Net Earnings
Net Income | $ | 11,747,078
Redeemable Net Earnings | —
Non-Redeemable Net Earnings | $ | 11,747,078
Denominator: Weighted Average Non-Redeemable Class B Common Stock
Non-Redeemable Class B Common Stock, Basic and Diluted | 5,750,000
Income/Basic and Diluted Non-Redeemable Class B Common Stock | $ | 2.04 As of March 31, 2021, basic and diluted shares are the same as there are no non-redeemable securities that are dilutive to the stockholders. 9 Table of Contents ZANITE ACQUISITION CORP. NOTES TO CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS MARCH 31, 2021 (Unaudited) Income Taxes The Company follows the asset and liability method of accounting for income taxes under ASC 740, “Income Taxes.” Deferred tax assets
and liabilities are recognized for the estimated future tax consequences attributable to differences between the financial statements carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases. Deferred tax assets and
liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which those temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled. The effect on deferred tax assets and liabilities of a change in tax
rates is recognized in income in the period that included the enactment date. Valuation allowances are established, when necessary, to reduce deferred tax assets to the amount expected to be realized. ASC 740 prescribes a recognition threshold and a measurement attribute for the financial statement recognition and measurement of tax
positions taken or expected to be taken in a tax return. For those benefits to be recognized, a tax position must be more likely than not to be sustained upon examination by taxing authorities. The Company recognizes accrued interest and penalties
related to unrecognized tax benefits as income tax expense. There were no unrecognized tax benefits and no amounts accrued for interest and penalties as of March 31, 2021 and December 31, 2020.The Company is currently not aware of any
issues under review that could result in significant payments, accruals or material deviation from its position. The Company is subject to income tax examinations by major taxing authorities since inception. The Company may be subject to potential examination by federal, state and city taxing authorities in the areas of income taxes. These
potential examinations may include questioning the timing and amount of deductions, the nexus of income among various tax jurisdictions and compliance with federal, state and city tax laws. The Company’s management does not expect that the
total amount of unrecognized tax benefits will materially change over the next twelve months. The Company is subject to income tax examinations by major taxing authorities since inception. Recent Accounting Standards In
August 2020, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (“FASB”) issued Accounting Standards Update (“ASU”) 2020-06, Debt — Debt with Conversion and Other Options (Subtopic 470-20) and Derivatives and Hedging — Contracts
in Entity’s Own Equity (Subtopic 815-40) (“ASU 2020-06”) to simplify accounting for certain financial instruments. ASU 2020-06 eliminates the current models that require separation of beneficial conversion and cash conversion features
from convertible instruments and simplifies the derivative scope exception guidance pertaining to equity classification of contracts in an entity’s own equity. The new standard also introduces additional disclosures for convertible debt and
freestanding instruments that are indexed to and settled in an entity’s own equity. ASU 2020-06 amends the diluted earnings per share guidance, including the requirement to use the if-converted method for all convertible instruments. ASU
2020-06 is effective January 1, 2022 and should be applied on a full or modified retrospective basis, with early adoption permitted beginning on January 1, 2021. The Company is currently assessing the impact, if any, that ASU 2020-06 would have on
its financial position, results of operations or cash flows. Management does not believe that any other recently issued, but not yet
effective, accounting standards, if currently adopted, would have a material effect on the Company’s condensed financial statements. NOTE 3.
INITIAL PUBLIC OFFERING Pursuant to the Initial Public Offering, the Company sold 23,000,000 Units, which includes the full exercise
by the underwriters of their option to purchase an additional 3,000,000 Units, at a price of $10.00 per Unit. Each Unit consisted of one share of Class A common stock and one-half of one redeemable
warrant (“Public Warrant”). Each whole Public Warrant entitles the holder to purchase one share of Class A common stock at a price of $11.50 per share, subject to adjustment (see Note 8). All of the 23,000,000 Class A common stock sold as part of the Units in the Public Offering contain a redemption feature which allows for the
redemption of such public shares in connection with the Company’s liquidation, if there is a stockholder vote or tender offer in connection with the Business Combination and in connection the Company’s amended and restated certificate of
incorporation. In accordance with SEC and its staff’s guidance on redeemable equity instruments, which has been codified in ASC 480-10-S99, redemption provisions not solely within the control of the Company require common stock subject to
redemption to be classified outside of permanent equity. Given that the Class A common stock was issued with other freestanding instruments (i.e., public warrants), the initial carrying value of Class A Common Stock classified as temporary equity is
the allocated proceeds based on the guidance in ASC 470-20. Our Class A common stock is subject to SEC and its staff’s guidance on
redeemable equity instruments, which has been codified in ASC 480-10-S99. If it is probable that the equity instrument will become redeemable, the Company has the option to either accrete changes in the redemption value over the period from the date
of issuance (or from the date that it becomes probable that the instrument will become redeemable, if later) to the earliest redemption date of the instrument or to recognize changes in the redemption value immediately as they occur and adjust the
carrying amount of the instrument to equal the redemption value at the end of each reporting period. The accretion or remeasurement is treated as a deemed dividend (i.e., a reduction to retained earnings, or in absence of retained earnings,
additional paid-in capital). The Company elected to remeasure the Class A common stock to the redemption amount immediately upon the closing of the Initial Public Offering. As of March 31, 2020, the Class A common stock reflected on the balance sheet are reconciled in the following table: As of December 31, 2020
Gross proceeds | $ | 230,000,000
Less:
Proceeds allocated to public warrants | $ | (14,950,000 | )
Class A common stock issuance costs | $ | (12,288,792 | )
Plus:
Immediate remeasurement of the Class A common stock to the redemption amount | $ | 29,538,792
Contingently redeemable Class A common stock | $ | 232,300,000 The immediate remeasurement of the Class A common stock to the redemption amount includes $2,300,000
related to the difference between the issuance price of $10 per Unit and the redemption price of $10.10 for the 23,000,000 Class A shares issued. NOTE
4. PRIVATE PLACEMENT Simultaneously with the closing of the Initial Public Offering, the Sponsor purchased an aggregate of 9,650,000
Private Placement Warrants at a price of $1.00 per Private Placement Warrant or $9,650,000. Each Private Placement Warrant is exercisable to purchase one share of Class A common stock at a price of $11.50 per share, subject to adjustment
(see Note 8). The proceeds from the sale of the Private Placement Warrants were added to the net proceeds from the Initial Public Offering held in the Trust Account. If the Company does not complete a Business Combination within the Combination
Period, the proceeds from the sale of the Private Placement Warrants held in the Trust Account will be used to fund the redemption of the Public Shares (subject to the requirements of applicable law) and the Private Placement Warrants will expire
worthless. There will be no redemption rights or liquidating distributions from the Trust Account with respect to the Private Placement Warrants. Additionally, our Sponsor is required to purchase an additional 2,300,000 Private Place Warrants for
each 6-month extension of the Company’s period to consummate an initial business combination. As the fair value of the Private Placement Warrants exceeded the purchase price, the Company recorded an
expense of $3,088,000 related to the sale of the Private Placement Warrants. This amount is reflected in the Company’s statement of operations for the period ended December 31, 2020 as part of the change in fair value of derivative liabilities
expense. Additionally, the Company is obligated to issue an additional 2,300,000 Private Place Warrants to the Sponsor at a price of
$1.00 per Private Placement Warrant, or $2,300,000, for each 6-month extension of the Company’s period to consummate an initial business combination. The terms of the additional Private Placement Warrants, if issued, will be consistent with the
initial 9,650,000 Private Placement Warrants issued to the Sponsors at the Initial Public Offering. The Company recorded an expense of $1,104,000 for the initial recognition of the forward contract derivative liability. This amount is reflected in
the Company’s statement of operations as part of the change in fair value of derivative liabilities expense. NOTE 5. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS Founder Shares The
Sponsor paid $25,000 to cover certain offering costs of the Company in consideration for 5,750,000 shares of Class B common stock (the “Founder Shares”). The Sponsor has agreed, subject to limited exceptions, not to transfer, assign or sell any of the Founder Shares until the earlier to occur
of: (A) one year after the completion of a Business Combination and (B) subsequent to a Business Combination, (x) if the closing price of the Class A common stock equals or exceeds $12.00 per share (as adjusted for stock splits,
stock capitalizations, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing at least 150 days after a Business Combination, or (y) the
date on which the Company completes a liquidation, merger, capital stock exchange or other similar transaction that results in all of the Public Stockholders having the right to exchange their shares of common stock for cash, securities or other
property. 10 Table of Contents ZANITE ACQUISITION CORP. NOTES TO CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS MARCH 31, 2021 (Unaudited) Administrative Services Agreement The Company entered into an administrative services agreement, commencing on November 19, 2020, through the earlier of the Company’s
consummation of a Business Combination or its liquidation, to pay to the Sponsor a total of $10,000 per month for office space, secretarial and administrative services provided to members of the Company’s management team. For the three months
ended March 31, 2021, the Company incurred $30,000 in fees for these services, of which such amount is included in accrued expenses in the accompanying condensed balance sheets. Promissory Notes — Related Party On August 7, 2020, the Sponsor issued an unsecured promissory note to the Company (the “Promissory Note”), pursuant to which the
Company could borrow up to an aggregate principal amount of $300,000. The Promissory Note was non-interest bearing and payable on the earlier of (i) December 31, 2020 or (ii) the consummation of the
Initial Public Offering. The outstanding balance under the Promissory Note of $90,093 was subsequently repaid on November 23, 2020. Related
Party Loans In order to finance transaction costs in connection with a Business Combination, the Sponsor or an affiliate of the
Sponsor, or certain of the Company’s officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, loan the Company funds as may be required (“Working Capital Loans”). If the Company completes a Business Combination, the Company would repay
the Working Capital Loans out of the proceeds of the Trust Account released to the Company. Otherwise, the Working Capital Loans would be repaid only out of funds held outside the Trust Account. In the event that a Business Combination does not
close, the Company may use a portion of proceeds held outside the Trust Account to repay the Working Capital Loans, but no proceeds held in the Trust Account would be used to repay the Working Capital Loans. Except for the foregoing, the terms of
such Working Capital Loans, if any, have not been determined and no written agreements exist with respect to such loans. The Working Capital Loans would either be repaid upon consummation of a Business Combination, without interest, or, at the
lender’s discretion, up to $1,500,000 of such Working Capital Loans may be convertible into warrants of the post-Business Combination entity at a price of $1.00 per warrant. The warrants would be identical to the Private Placement Warrants. As
of March 31, 2021, no amounts were outstanding under the Working Capital Loans. NOTE 6. COMMITMENTS Risks and Uncertainties Management
continues to evaluate the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic and has concluded that while it is reasonably possible that the virus could have a negative effect on the Company’s financial position, results of
its operations and/or search for a target company, the specific impact is not readily determinable as of the date of these financial statements. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this
uncertainty. Registration and Stockholder Rights Pursuant to a registration rights agreement entered into on November 16, 2020, the holders of the Founder Shares, Private Placement
Warrants and warrants that may be issued upon conversion of Working Capital Loans (and any Class A common stock issuable upon the exercise of the Private Placement Warrants and warrants that may be issued upon conversion of Working Capital
Loans and upon conversion of the Founder Shares) will be entitled to registration rights requiring the Company to register such securities for resale. The holders of these securities are entitled to make up to three demands, excluding short form
demands, that the Company register such securities. In addition, the holders have certain “piggy-back” registration rights with respect to registration statements filed subsequent to the completion of a Business Combination. The
registration rights agreement does not contain liquidating damages or other cash settlement provisions resulting from delays in registering the Company’s securities. The Company will bear the expenses incurred in connection with the filing of
any such registration statements. Underwriting Agreement The underwriters are entitled to a deferred fee of $0.35 per Unit, or $8,050,000 in the aggregate. The deferred fee will become payable to
the underwriters from the amounts held in the Trust Account solely in the event that the Company completes a Business Combination, subject to the terms of the underwriting agreement. NOTE 7. STOCKHOLDERS’ EQUITY Preferred Stock —The Company is authorized to issue 1,000,000 shares of preferred stock with a par value of $0.0001 per share
with such designations, voting and other rights and preferences as may be determined from time to time by the Company’s board of directors. As of March 31, 2021 and December 31, 2020, there were no shares of preferred stock issued or
outstanding. 11 Table of Contents ZANITE ACQUISITION CORP. NOTES TO CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS MARCH 31, 2021 (Unaudited) Class A Common Stock —The Company is
authorized to issue 100,000,000 shares of Class A common stock with a par value of $0.0001 per share. Holders of Class A common stock are entitled to one vote for each share. At March 31, 2021 December 31, 2020, there were
23,000,000 shares of Class A common stock issued and outstanding. Class B Common
Stock —The Company is authorized to issue 10,000,000 shares of Class B common stock with a par value of $0.0001 per share. Holders of Class B common stock are entitled to one vote for each share. As of March 31, 2021 and
December 31, 2020, there were 5,750,000 shares of Class B common stock issued and outstanding. Holders of Class A common
stock and holders of Class B common stock will vote together as a single class on all matters submitted to a vote of our shareholders except as otherwise required by law. The shares of Class B common stock will automatically convert into Class A common stock concurrently with or immediately following
the consummation of a Business Combination on a one-for-one basis, subject to adjustment. In the case that additional shares of Class A common stock, or
equity-linked securities, are issued or deemed issued in connection with a Business Combination, the number of shares of Class A common stock issuable upon conversion of all shares of Class B common stock will equal, in the aggregate, on an as-converted basis, 20% of the sum of the total number of all shares of Class A common stock outstanding after such conversion (after giving effect to any redemptions of shares of Class A
common stock by Public Stockholders), including the total number of shares of Class A common stock issued, or deemed issued or issuable upon conversion or exercise of any equity-linked securities or rights issued or deemed issued, by the
Company in connection with or in relation to the consummation of a Business Combination, excluding any shares of Class A common stock or equity-linked securities or rights exercisable for or convertible into shares of Class A common stock
issued, or to be issued, to any seller in a Business Combination and any Private Placement Warrants issued to the Sponsor, officers or directors upon conversion of working capital loans, provided that such conversion of Founder Shares will never
occur on a less than one-for-one basis. NOTE 8. WARRANT LIABILITIES As of December 31, 2020, the Company issued 11,500,000 warrants to purchase Class A shares to investors in the Company’s Initial
Public Offering and simultaneously issued 9,650,000 Private Placement Warrants. Public Warrants may only be exercised for a whole number
of shares. No fractional warrants will be issued upon separation of the Units and only whole warrants will trade. The Public Warrants will become exercisable on the later of (a) 30 days after the completion of a Business Combination and (b) 12
months from the closing of the Initial Public Offering. The Public Warrants will expire five years after the completion of a Business Combination or earlier upon redemption or liquidation. The Company will not be obligated to deliver any shares of Class A common stock pursuant to the exercise of a warrant and will have no
obligation to settle such warrant exercise unless a registration statement under the Securities Act covering the issuance of the shares of Class A common stock underlying the warrants is then effective and a prospectus relating thereto is
current, subject to the Company satisfying its obligations with respect to registration. No warrant will be exercisable and the Company will not be obligated to issue shares of Class A common stock upon exercise of a warrant unless Class A
common stock issuable upon such warrant exercise has been registered, qualified or deemed to be exempt under the securities laws of the state of residence of the registered holder of the warrants. The Company has agreed that as soon as practicable, but in no event later than 15 business days after the closing of a Business Combination,
the Company will use its best efforts to file with the SEC a registration statement for the registration, under the Securities Act, of the Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants. The Company will use its best efforts to
cause the same to become effective and to maintain the effectiveness of such registration statement and a current prospectus relating thereto, until the expiration of the warrants in accordance with the provisions of the warrant agreement. If a
registration statement covering the shares of Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants is not effective by the sixtieth (60th) business day after the closing of a Business Combination, warrant holders may, until such time as
there is an effective registration statement and during any period when the Company will have failed to maintain an effective registration statement, exercise warrants on a “cashless basis” in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the
Securities Act or another exemption. Notwithstanding the above, if the shares of Class A common stock are at the time of any exercise of a warrant not listed on a national securities exchange such that they satisfy the definition of a
“covered security” under Section 18(b)(1) of the Securities Act, the Company may, at its option, require holders of Public Warrants who exercise their warrants to do so on a “cashless basis” in accordance with
Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act and, in the event the Company so elects, it will not be required to file or maintain in effect a registration statement, and in the event the Company does not so elect, it will use its best efforts to
register or qualify the shares under applicable blue sky laws to the extent an exemption is not available. Once the warrants become
exercisable, the Company may redeem for cash the outstanding Public Warrants: • | in whole and not in part; • | at a price of $0.01 per Public Warrant; • | upon not less than 30 days’ prior written notice of redemption to each warrant holder; and 12 Table of Contents ZANITE ACQUISITION CORP. NOTES TO CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS MARCH 31, 2021 (Unaudited) • | if, and only if, the closing price of the common stock equals or exceeds $18.00 per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within a 30-trading day period ending three business days before the Company sends the notice of redemption to warrant holders. If and when the warrants become redeemable by the Company, the Company may exercise its redemption right even if it is unable to register or
qualify the underlying securities for sale under all applicable state securities laws. If the Company calls the Public Warrants for
redemption, management will have the option to require all holders that wish to exercise the Public Warrants to do so on a “cashless basis,” as described in the warrant agreement. The exercise price and number of shares of Class A
common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants may be adjusted in certain circumstances including in the event of a stock dividend, or recapitalization, reorganization, merger or consolidation. However, except as described below, the warrants
will not be adjusted for issuance of Class A common stock at a price below its exercise price. Additionally, in no event will the Company be required to net cash settle the warrants. If the Company is unable to complete a Business Combination
within the Combination Period and the Company liquidates the funds held in the Trust Account, holders of warrants will not receive any of such funds with respect to their warrants, nor will they receive any distribution from the Company’s
assets held outside of the Trust Account with the respect to such warrants. Accordingly, the warrants may expire worthless. In addition,
if (x) the Company issues additional shares of Class A common stock or equity-linked securities for capital raising purposes in connection with the closing of a Business Combination at an issue price or effective issue price of less than
$9.20 per share of Class A common stock (with such issue price or effective issue price to be determined in good faith by the Company’s board of directors, and, in the case of any such issuance to the Sponsor or its affiliates, without
taking into account any Founder Shares held by the Sponsor or its affiliates, as applicable, prior to such issuance) (the “Newly Issued Price”), (y) the aggregate gross proceeds from such issuances represent more than 60% of the total
equity proceeds, and interest thereon, available for the funding of a Business Combination on the date of the completion of a Business Combination (net of redemptions), and (z) the volume weighted average trading price of the Company’s
Class A common stock during the 20 trading day period starting on the trading day prior to the day on which the Company completes a Business Combination (such price, the “Market Value”) is below $9.20 per share, the exercise price of
the warrants will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to 115% of the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price, and the $18.00 per share redemption trigger price will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to 180% of the
higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price. The Private Placement Warrants are identical to the Public Warrants underlying the
Units sold in the Initial Public Offering, except that the Private Placement Warrants and the Class A common stock issuable upon the exercise of the Private Placement Warrants will not be transferable, assignable or saleable until 30 days
after the completion of a Business Combination, subject to certain limited exceptions. Additionally, the Private Placement Warrants will be exercisable on a cashless basis and be non-redeemable, except as
described above, so long as they are held by the initial purchasers or their permitted transferees. If the Private Placement Warrants are held by someone other than the initial purchasers or their permitted transferees, the Private Placement
Warrants will be redeemable by the Company and exercisable by such holders on the same basis as the Public Warrants. NOTE 9. FAIR VALUE
MEASUREMENTS Marketable Securities Held in Trust Account At March 31, 2021 and December 31, 2020, assets held in the Trust Account were comprised of $232,308,402 and $232,302,673 in money
market funds which are invested primarily in U.S. Treasury Securities. During the three months ended March 31, 2021 and the year ended December 31, 2020, the Company did not withdraw any interest earned on the Trust Account. Warrant and Forward Contract Liability At March 31, 2021 and December 31, 2020, the Company’s warrant liability was valued at $26,938,500 and $36,515,500,
respectively, and its forward contract to acquire additional warrants liability was valued at $1,000,500 and $3,542,000, respectively. Under the guidance in ASC 815-40 the warrants and forward contract do not
meet the criteria for equity treatment. As such, the warrants and forward contract must be recorded on the balance sheet at fair value. This valuation is subject to re-measurement at each balance sheet date.
With each re-measurement, the warrant valuation will be adjusted to fair value, with the change in fair value recognized in the Company’s Statement of Operations. 13 Table of Contents ZANITE ACQUISITION CORP. NOTES TO CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS MARCH 31, 2021 (Unaudited) Recurring Fair Value Measurements The following table presents fair value information as of March 31, 2021 and December 31, 2020 of the Company’s financial assets
and liabilities that were accounted for at fair value on a recurring basis and indicates the fair value hierarchy of the valuation techniques the Company utilized to determine such fair value. Since all of the Company’s investments held in the
Trust Account consist of U. S. Treasury Bills or U.S. Money Market, fair values of these investments are determined by Level 1 inputs utilizing quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets. The Company’s Forward
Contract liability, and Private Warrant liability as of March 31, 2021 and December 31, 2020, and Public Warrant liability as of December 31, 2020 are based on a valuation model utilizing management judgment and pricing inputs from observable and
unobservable markets with less volume and transaction frequency than active markets. Significant deviations from these estimates and inputs could result in a material change in fair value. For the three months ended March 31, 2021, the value of
the Public Warrant liability was transferred out of Level 3 and into Level 1 classification. The Public Warrant liability moved from Level 3 to Level 1 during the three months ended March 31, 2021 after the Public Warrants began active
trading. Description | Level | March 31, 2021 | December 31, 2020
Assets:
Investments held in Trust Account – U.S. Treasury Securities Money Market Fund | 1 | $ | 232,308,402 | $ | 232,302,673
Liabilities:
Public Warrants | 1 | $ | 14,490,000 | —
Public Warrants | 3 | — | $ | 19,435,000
Private Warrants | 3 | $ | 12,448,500 | $ | 17,080,500
Forward Contract | 3 | $ | 1,000,500 | $ | 3,542,000 Measurement The Company established the initial fair value for the warrant liability and forward contract liability on November 19, 2020, the date of
the consummation of the Company’s IPO. On December 31, 2020 the fair value was remeasured. For both periods, neither the Public Warrants nor the Private Warrants were separately traded on an open market. As such, the Company used a Monte
Carlo simulation model to value the Public Warrants and a modified Black-Scholes model to value the Private Warrants. The Company valued the forward contract to issue additional Private Warrants by determining the difference between the purchase
price and the valuation of the underlying Private Warrants, as described above, and used a probability-weighted average to estimate the number of additional Private Warrants to be issued. For the Public Warrants, the Company allocated the proceeds
received from the sale of Units (which is inclusive of one share of Class A common stock and one-half of one Public Warrant) first to the Public Warrants based on their fair values as determined at
initial measurement, with the remaining proceeds allocated to Class A common stock subject to possible redemption (temporary equity), and Class A common stock (permanent equity). The Private Placement Warrants and forward contract were
classified within Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy at the measurement dates due to the use of unobservable inputs. As of March 31, 2021, the Public Warrants were valued using the instrument’s publicly listed trading price as of the
balance sheet date, which is considered to be a Level 1 measurement due to the use of an observable market quote in an active market. The Company estimates the volatility of its ordinary shares based on historical volatility of select peer companies that matches the expected
remaining life of the warrants. The risk-free interest rate is based on the U.S. Treasury zero-coupon yield curve on the grant date for a maturity similar to the expected remaining life of the warrants. The expected life of the warrants is assumed
to be equivalent to their remaining contractual term. The dividend rate is based on the historical rate, which the Company anticipates remaining at zero. The key inputs into the Monte Carlo simulation model (December 31, 2020 only) and the modified Black-Scholes model were as follows at
March 31, 2021 (Private Warrants only) and December 31, 2020: Input | March 31, 2021 | December 31, 2020
Risk-free interest rate | 1.04 | % | 0.50 | %
Expected term (years) | 5.5 | 6.0
Expected volatility | 18.8 | % | 25.0 | %
Exercise price | $ | 11.50 | $ | 11.50
Dividend yield | 0 | % | 0 | %
Expected stock price at De-SPAC | $ | 9.95 | $ | 10.00
Probability-weighted average of additional shares to be issued for the forward contract | 3,450,000 | 4,600,000 The change in the fair value of the derivative liabilities for the period ended March 31, 2021 is
summarized as follows: Private Placement | Public | Forward Contract | Derivative Liabilities
Fair value as of January 1, 2021 | $ | 17,080,500 | $ | 19,435,000 | $ | 3,542,000 | $ | 40,057,500
Change in valuation inputs or other assumptions | (4,632,000 | ) | (4,945,000 | ) | (2,541,500 | ) | (12,118,500 | )
Fair value as of March 31, 2021 | 12,448,500 | 14,490,000 | 1,000,500 | 27,939,000 There were transfers out of Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy into Level 1 totaling $19,435,000 during the quarter
ended March 31, 2021. NOTE 10. SUBSEQUENT EVENTS The Company evaluated subsequent events and transactions that occurred after the balance sheet date up to the date that the condensed financial
statements were issued. Based upon this review, the Company did not identify any subsequent events, other than as described below, that would have required adjustment or disclosure in the condensed financial statements. On May 18, 2021, our Sponsor exercised its option to purchase 2,300,000 Private Placement Warrants, for an aggregate purchase price of
$2,300,000, in order to extend the time the Company will have to consummate an initial business combination by 6 months, to November 19, 2021. The Private Placement Warrants issued on May 18, 2021 are identical to the Private Placement Warrants sold
to the Sponsor in connection with the Company’s initial public offering. As a result of the sale the Company has issued a total of 11,950,000 Private Placement Warrants. Table of Contents ITEM 2. MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL
CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS References in this report (the “Quarterly Report”) to “we,” “us” or
the “Company” refer to Zanite Acquisition Corp. References to our “management” or our “management team” refer to our officers and directors, and references to the “Sponsor” refer to Zanite Sponsor LLC. The
following discussion and analysis of the Company’s financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with the financial statements and the notes thereto contained elsewhere in this Quarterly Report. Certain information
contained in the discussion and analysis set forth below includes forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. Special Note
Regarding Forward-Looking Statements This Quarterly Report includes “forward-looking statements” within the meaning of
Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”) and Section 21E of the Exchange Act that are not historical facts, and involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ
materially from those expected and projected. All statements, other than statements of historical fact included in this Form 10-Q including, without limitation, statements in this “Management’s
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” regarding the Company’s financial position, business strategy and the plans and objectives of management for future operations, are forward-looking statements. Words
such as “expect,” “believe,” “anticipate,” “intend,” “estimate,” “seek” and variations and similar words and expressions are intended to identify such forward-looking statements. Such
forward-looking statements relate to future events or future performance, but reflect management’s current beliefs, based on information currently available. A number of factors could cause actual events, performance or results to differ
materially from the events, performance and results discussed in the forward-looking statements. For information identifying important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those anticipated in the forward-looking
statements, please refer to the Risk Factors section of the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K/A filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”). The Company’s
securities filings can be accessed on the EDGAR section of the SEC’s website at www.sec.gov. Except as expressly required by applicable securities law, the Company disclaims any intention or obligation to update or revise any forward-looking
statements whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. Overview We are a blank check company formed under the laws of the State of Delaware on August 7, 2020 for the purpose of effecting a merger,
capital stock exchange, asset acquisition, stock purchase, reorganization or other similar Business Combination with one or more businesses. We intend to effectuate our Business Combination using cash from the proceeds of the Initial Public Offering
and the sale of the Private Placement Warrants, our capital stock, debt or a combination of cash, stock and debt. We expect to continue
to incur significant costs in the pursuit of our acquisition plans. We cannot assure you that our plans to complete a Business Combination will be successful. Results of Operations We have neither
engaged in any operations (other than searching for a Business Combination after our Initial Public Offering) nor generated any revenues to date. Our only activities from inception through March 31, 2021 were organizational activities, those
necessary to prepare for the initial public offering, described below, and activities in connection with searching for a Business Combination. We do not expect to generate any operating revenues until after the completion of our Business
Combination. We expect to generate non-operating income in the form of interest income on marketable securities held after the Initial Public Offering. We incur expenses as a result of being a public company
(for legal, financial reporting, accounting and auditing compliance), as well as for due diligence expenses. For the three months ended
March 31, 2021, we had a net income of $11,747,078, which consists of a change in fair value of warrant liabilities of $12,118,500 and interest income on marketable securities held in the Trust Account of $5,729, offset by operating costs of
$377,151. Liquidity and Capital Resources On November 19, 2020, we consummated the initial public offering of 23,000,000 Units, which included the full exercise by the underwriters
of their over-allotment option in the amount of 3,000,000 Units, at a price of $10.00 per Unit, generating gross proceeds of $230,000,000. Simultaneously with the closing of the initial public offering, we consummated the sale of 9,650,000 Private
Placement Warrants at a price of $1.00 per Private Placement Warrant in a private placement to our stockholders, generating gross proceeds of $9,650,000. Following the initial public offering, the full exercise of the over-allotment option, and the sale of the Private Placement Warrants, a total
of $232,300,000 was placed in the Trust Account. We incurred $13,143,093 in transaction costs, including $4,600,000 of underwriting fees, $8,050,000 of deferred underwriting fees and $493,093 of other offering costs. For the three months ended March 31, 2021, net cash used in operating activities was $468,462. Net income of $11,747,078 was affected by
change in fair value of warrant liabilities of $12,118,500 and interest income on marketable securities held in the Trust Account of $5,729. Changes in operating assets and liabilities used $91,311 of cash for operating activities. At March 31, 2021, we had marketable securities held in the Trust Account of $232,308,402 . We intend to use substantially all of the
funds held in the Trust Account, including any amounts representing interest earned on the Trust Account to complete our Business Combination. We may withdraw interest to pay taxes. To the extent that our capital stock or debt is used, in whole or
in part, as consideration to complete our Business Combination, the remaining proceeds held in the Trust Account will be used as working capital to finance the operations of the target business or businesses, make other acquisitions and pursue our
growth strategies. 15 Table of Contents At March 31, 2021, we had cash of $1,503,349 held outside of the Trust Account. We
intend to use the funds held outside the Trust Account primarily to identify and evaluate target businesses, perform business due diligence on prospective target businesses, travel to and from the offices, plants or similar locations of prospective
target businesses or their representatives or owners, review corporate documents and material agreements of prospective target businesses, and structure, negotiate and complete a Business Combination. In order to fund working capital deficiencies or finance transaction costs in connection with a Business Combination, our Sponsor or an
affiliate of our Sponsor or certain of our officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, loan us funds as may be required. If we complete a Business Combination, we may repay such loaned amounts out of the proceeds of the Trust Account
released to us. In the event that a Business Combination does not close, we may use a portion of the working capital held outside the Trust Account to repay such loaned amounts, but no proceeds from our Trust Account would be used for such
repayment. Up to $1,500,000 of such loans may be convertible into warrants, at a price of $1.00 per warrant, at the option of the lender. The warrants would be identical to the Private Placement Warrants. We do not believe we will need to raise additional funds in order to meet the expenditures required for operating our business. However, if
our estimate of the costs of identifying a target business, undertaking in-depth due diligence and negotiating a Business Combination are less than the actual amount necessary to do so, we may have
insufficient funds available to operate our business prior to our Business Combination. Moreover, we may need to obtain additional financing either to complete our Business Combination or because we become obligated to redeem a significant number of
our public shares upon consummation of our Business Combination, in which case we may issue additional securities or incur debt in connection with such Business Combination. Subject to compliance with applicable securities laws, we would only
complete such financing simultaneously with the completion of our Business Combination. If we are unable to complete our Business Combination because we do not have sufficient funds available to us, we will be forced to cease operations and
liquidate the Trust Account. In addition, following our Business Combination, if cash on hand is insufficient, we may need to obtain additional financing in order to meet our obligations. Going Concern We have until November 19,
2021 to consummate a Business Combination unless a resolution is passed by our board of directors at the request of the Sponsor to extend the period of time the Company will have to consummate a Business Combination, which may occur one more time,
for an additional 6 months (until May 19, 2022), subject to the Sponsor purchasing additional Private Placement Warrants. It is uncertain that we will be able to consummate a Business Combination by this time. If a Business Combination is not
consummated within the completion window, there will be a mandatory liquidation and subsequent dissolution. Management has determined that the mandatory liquidation, should a Business Combination not occur, and potential subsequent dissolution
raises substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. No adjustments have been made to the carrying amounts of assets or liabilities should we be required to liquidate after the completion window. Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements We did not have any off-balance sheet arrangements as of March 31, 2021. Contractual Obligations We do not have
any long-term debt, capital lease obligations, operating lease obligations or long-term liabilities, other than an agreement the Sponsor a monthly fee of $10,000 for office space, secretarial and administrative services. We began incurring these
fees on November 19, 2020 and will continue to incur these fees monthly until the earlier of the completion of the Business Combination and our liquidation. The underwriters are entitled to a deferred fee of $0.35 per Unit, or $8,050,000 in the aggregate. The deferred fee will become payable to the
underwriters from the amounts held in the Trust Account solely in the event that we complete a Business Combination, subject to the terms of the underwriting agreement. Critical Accounting Policies The
preparation of condensed financial statements and related disclosures in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts
of assets and liabilities, disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements, and income and expenses during the periods reported. Actual results could materially differ from those estimates. We have identified
the following critical accounting policies: Class A Common Stock Subject to Possible Redemption The Company accounts for its Class A common stock subject to possible redemption in accordance with the guidance in Accounting Standards
Codification (“ASC”) Topic 480 “Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity.” Shares of Class A common stock subject to mandatory redemption, if any, are classified as a liability instrument and are measured at fair value.
Conditionally redeemable common stock (including common stock that feature redemption rights that are either within the control of the holder or subject to redemption upon the occurrence of uncertain events not solely within the Company’s
control) is classified as temporary equity. At all other times, common stock is classified as stockholders’ equity. The Company’s Class A common stock features certain redemption rights that are considered to be outside of the
Company’s control and subject to occurrence of uncertain future events. All of the 23,000,000 Class A common stock sold as part of
the Units in the Public Offering contain a redemption feature which allows for the redemption of such public shares in connection with the Company’s liquidation, if there is a stockholder vote or tender offer in connection with the Business
Combination and in connection with certain amendments to the Company’s second amended and restated certificate of incorporation. Accordingly, all of the Company’s Class A common stock are presented as temporary equity, outside of the
stockholders’ equity section of the Company’s balance sheet The Company recognizes changes in redemption value immediately as
they occur and adjusts the carrying value of redeemable common stock to equal the redemption value at the end of each reporting period. Increases or decreases in the carrying amount of redeemable common stock are affected by charges against
additional paid in capital and accumulated deficit. Net Income (Loss) per Common Share We apply the two-class method in calculating earnings per share. Net income per common share, basic and
diluted for Class A redeemable common stock is calculated by dividing the interest income earned on the Trust Account, net of applicable franchise and income taxes, by the weighted average number of Class A redeemable common stock
outstanding for the period. Net income per common share, basic and diluted for Class B non-redeemable common stock is calculated by dividing the net income, less income attributable to Class A
redeemable common stock, by the weighted average number of Class B non-redeemable common stock outstanding for the period presented. 16 Table of Contents Derivative Financial Instruments The Company evaluates its financial instruments to determine if such instruments are derivatives or contain features that qualify as embedded
derivatives in accordance with ASC Topic 815, “Derivatives and Hedging”. The Company’s derivative instruments are recorded at fair value and re-valued at each reporting date, with changes in the fair value reported in the Statement of
Operations. Derivative assets and liabilities are classified on the balance sheet as current or non-current based on whether or not net-cash settlement or conversion of the instrument could be required within 12 months of the balance sheet date. The
Company has determined the warrants and the forward contract for additional warrants are derivatives. As the financial instruments meet the definition of a derivative, the warrants and the forward contract for additional warrants are measured at
fair value at issuance and at each reporting date in accordance with ASC 820, Fair Value Measurement, with changes in fair value recognized in the Statement of Operations in the period of change. Recent Accounting Standards Management
does not believe that any recently issued, but not yet effective, accounting standards, if currently adopted, would have a material effect on our condensed financial statements. Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk As of March 31, 2021, we were not subject to any market or interest rate risk. Following the consummation of our Initial Public
Offering, the net proceeds of our Initial Public Offering, including amounts in the Trust Account, have been invested in U.S. government treasury obligations with a maturity of 185 days or less or in certain money market funds that invest solely in
U.S. treasuries. Due to the short-term nature of these investments, we believe there will be no associated material exposure to interest rate risk. Item 4. Controls and Procedures Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures Under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our co-chief executive officers and chief financial officer, we
conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the fiscal quarter ended March 31, 2021, as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15 (e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act. Based upon that
evaluation, and in light of the SEC’s Statement on Accounting and Reporting Considerations for Warrants Issued by Special Purpose Acquisition Companies, promulgated on April 12, 2021, our management has concluded that, solely due to the
industry-wide issues and related insufficient risk assessment of the underlying accounting for certain financial instruments resulting in the material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting described in our Annual Report on
10-K/A, a material weakness existed and our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective as of March 31, 2021. In light of this material weakness, we performed additional analysis as deemed necessary to ensure that our financial
statements were prepared in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. Disclosure controls and procedures are
designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in our Exchange Act reports is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC’s rules and forms, and that such information is
accumulated and communicated to our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer or persons performing similar functions, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting There was no change in our internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the fiscal quarter of 2021 covered by this Quarterly Report on Form
10-Q that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting, as the circumstances that led to the restatement of our financial statements described in the Annual Report on Form
10-K/A had not yet been identified. Management has implemented remediation steps to address the material weakness and to improve our internal control over financial reporting. Specifically, we expanded and improved our review process for
complex securities and related accounting standards. PART II - OTHER INFORMATION Item 1. Legal Proceedings. None. Item 1A. Risk Factors. Except as set forth below, as of the date of this Quarterly Report, there have been no material changes with respect to those risk factors
previously disclosed in our Annual Report on Form 10-K/A filed with the SEC. Any of these factors could result in a significant or material adverse effect on our results of operations or financial condition.
Additional risk factors not presently known to us or that we currently deem immaterial may also impair our business or results of operations. The
securities in which we invest the funds held in the Trust Account could bear a negative rate of interest, which could reduce the value of the assets held in trust such that the per-share redemption amount
received by public stockholders may be less than $10.00 per share. The proceeds held in the Trust Account are invested only in
U.S. government treasury obligations with a maturity of 185 days or less or in money market funds meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 under the Investment Company Act, which invest only in direct U.S.
government treasury obligations. While short-term U.S. government treasury obligations currently yield a positive rate of interest, they have briefly yielded negative interest rates in recent years. Central banks in Europe and Japan pursued interest
rates below zero in recent years, and the Open Market Committee of the Federal Reserve has not ruled out the possibility that it may in the future adopt similar policies in the United States. In the event that we are unable to complete our initial
business combination or make certain amendments to our Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation, our public stockholders are entitled to receive their pro-rata share of the proceeds held in the Trust
Account, plus any interest income not released to us, net of taxes payable. Negative interest rates could impact the per-share redemption amount that may be received by public stockholders. 17 Table of Contents Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds. On November 19, 2020, we consummated the Initial Public Offering of 23,000,000 Units, inclusive of 3,000,000 Units sold to the
underwriters upon the underwriters’ election to fully exercise their over-allotment option, at a price of $10.00 per Unit, generating total gross proceeds of $230,000,000. BTIG, LLC acted as sole book-running manager of the Initial Public
Offering. The securities in the offering were registered under the Securities Act on a registration statement on Form S-1 (No. 333-349618). The Securities and Exchange
Commission declared the registration statement effective on November 16, 2020. Simultaneous with the consummation of the Initial
Public Offering and the full exercise of the over-allotment option, we consummated the private placement of an aggregate of 9,650,000 warrants at a price of $1.00 per Private Placement Warrant, generating total proceed of $9,650,000. The issuance
was made pursuant to the exemption from registration contained in Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act. The Private Placement
Warrants are identical to the warrants underlying the Units sold in the Initial Public Offering, except that the Private Placement Warrants are not transferable, assignable or salable until 30 days after the completion of a Business Combination,
subject to certain limited exceptions. Of the gross proceeds received from the Initial Public Offering including the over-allotment
option, and the Private Placement Warrants, $232,300,000 was placed in the Trust Account. We paid a total of $4,600,000 in underwriting
discounts and commissions and $493,093 for other offering costs related to the Initial Public Offering. In addition, the underwriters agreed to defer $8,050,000 in underwriting discounts and commissions. Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities. None. Item 4.
Mine Safety Disclosures. Not Applicable. Item 5. Other Information. None. 18 Table of Contents Item 6. Exhibits The following exhibits are filed as part of, or incorporated by reference into, this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. No. | Description of Exhibit
31.1* | Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to Securities Exchange Act Rules 13a-14(a) and 15(d)-14(a), as adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
31.2* | Certification of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to Securities Exchange Act Rules 13a-14(a) and 15(d)-14(a), as adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
32.1** | Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
32.2** | Certification of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
101.INS*** | XBRL Instance Document
101.CAL*** | XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document
101.SCH*** | XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document
101.DEF*** | XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document
101.LAB*** | XBRL Taxonomy Extension Labels Linkbase Document
101.PRE*** | XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document * | Filed herewith.
** | Furnished.
*** | To be filed by amendment. 19 Table of Contents SIGNATURES In accordance with the requirements of the Exchange Act, the registrant caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned,
thereunto duly authorized. ZANITE ACQUISITION CORP.
Date: June 21, 2021 | By: | /s/ Steven H. Rosen
Name: | Steven H. Rosen
Title: | Co-Chief Executive Officer
(Principal Executive Officer)
Date: June 21, 2021 | By: | /s/ Michael A. Rossi
Name: | Michael A. Rossi
Title: | Chief Financial Officer
(Principal Financial Officer) 20