8-K false 0001823652 0001823652 2022-02-16 2022-02-16 0001823652 znte:UnitsEachConsistingOfOneShareOfClassACommonStockAndOneHalfOfOneRedeemableWarrantMember 2022-02-16 2022-02-16 0001823652 znte:ClassACommonStockParValue0.0001PerShareMember 2022-02-16 2022-02-16 0001823652 znte:WarrantsEachWholeWarrantExercisableForOneShareOfClassACommonStockEachAtAnExercisePriceOf11.50PerShareMember 2022-02-16 2022-02-16 UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 FORM 8-K CURRENT REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported): February 16, 2022 Zanite Acquisition Corp. (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) Delaware | 001-39704 | 85-2549808
(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation) | (Commission File Number) | (IRS Employer Identification No.) 25101 Chagrin Boulevard , Suite 350 Cleveland , Ohio 44122 (Address of principal executive offices, including zip code) Registrant’s telephone number, including area code: (216) 292-0200 N/A (Former name or former address, if changed since last report) Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions: ☐ | Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425) ☒ | Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12) ☐ | Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b)) ☐ | Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c)) Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Title of each class | Trading Symbol(s) | Name of each exchange on which registered
Units, each consisting of one share of Class A common stock and one-half of one redeemable warrant | ZNTEU | The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC
Class A common stock, par value $0.0001 per share | ZNTE | The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC
Warrants, each whole warrant exercisable for one share of Class A common stock, each at an exercise price of $11.50 per share | ZNTEW | The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (§230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (§240.12b-2 of this chapter). Emerging growth company ☒ If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. ☐ Item 7.01 Regulation FD Disclosure. As previously announced, Zanite Acquisition Corp., a Delaware corporation (“ Zanite ” or the “ Company ”), entered into a Business Combination Agreement (the “ Business Combination Agreement ”) with Embraer S.A., a Brazilian corporation ( sociedade anônima ) (“ Embraer ”), Embraer Aircraft Holding Inc., a Delaware corporation and a direct wholly-owned subsidiary of Embraer (“ EAH ”), and EVE UAM, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company and a wholly-owned subsidiary of EAH (“ Eve ”). Furnished as Exhibit 99.1 hereto is a presentation to be presented by Eve at the Singapore Airshow 2022 on February 16, 2022. The information in this Item 7.01, including Exhibit 99.1, is furnished and shall not be deemed “filed” for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “Exchange Act”), or otherwise subject to liabilities under that section, and shall not be deemed to be incorporated by reference into the filings of Zanite under the Securities Act or the Exchange Act, regardless of any general incorporation language in such filings. This Current Report on Form 8-K will not be deemed an admission as to the materiality of any information in this Item 7.01, including Exhibit 99.1. Important Information about the Business Combination and Where to Find It In connection with the business combination, on December 30, 2021, Zanite has filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”) a preliminary proxy statement (as amended by Amendment No. 1 to the preliminary proxy statement, filed on February 9, 2022) relating to the Business Combination. When available, Zanite will mail a definitive proxy statement and other relevant documents to its stockholders. This Current Report on Form 8-K does not contain all the information that should be considered concerning the proposed Business Combination and is not intended to form the basis of any investment decision or any other decision in respect of the Business Combination. Zanite’s stockholders and other interested persons are advised to read the preliminary proxy statement and the amendments thereto and the definitive proxy statement, when available, and documents incorporated by reference therein filed in connection with Zanite’s solicitation of proxies for its special meeting of stockholders to be held to approve the Business Combination and other matters, as these materials contain or will contain important information about Zanite, Eve and the Business Combination. When available, the definitive proxy statement and other relevant materials for the Business Combination will be mailed to stockholders of Zanite as of a record date to be established for voting on the Business Combination. Stockholders of Zanite may obtain copies of the preliminary proxy statement, the definitive proxy statement (when available) and other documents that are filed or will be filed with the SEC or that are incorporated by reference therein, without charge, once available, at the SEC’s website at www.sec.gov, or by directing a request to Zanite Acquisition Corp. at 25101 Chagrin Boulevard Suite 350, Cleveland, Ohio 44122, Attention: Steven H. Rosen, or by calling (216) 292-0200. This Current Report on Form 8-K is for informational purposes only and does not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any securities, or a solicitation of any vote or approval, nor shall there be any sale of securities in any jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under the securities laws of any such jurisdiction. No offering of securities shall be made except by means of a prospectus meeting the requirements of Section 10 of the Securities Act, or an applicable exemption from the registration requirements thereof. Participants in the Solicitation Zanite and its directors and executive officers may be deemed participants in the solicitation of proxies from Zanite’s stockholders with respect to the proposed Business Combination. A list of the names of those directors and executive officers and a description of their interests in Zanite is contained in Zanite’s Registration Statement on Form S-1/A and by Zanite’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 15, 2021, each of which was filed with the SEC and is available free of charge at the SEC’s web site at www.sec.gov, or by directing a request to Zanite Acquisition Corp. at 25101 Chagrin Boulevard Suite 350, Cleveland, Ohio 44122, Attention: Steven H. Rosen, or by calling (216) 292-0200. Eve, Embraer, EAH and their respective directors and executive officers may also be deemed to be participants in the solicitation of proxies from the stockholders of Zanite in connection with the proposed Business Combination. Additional information regarding the persons who may, under SEC rules, be deemed participants in the solicitation of Zanite’s stockholders in connection with the proposed Business Combination, including a description of their direct and indirect interests, by security holdings or otherwise, which may be different than those of Zanite stockholders generally, may be obtained by reading Zanite’s preliminary proxy statement for the proposed Business Combination and, when it is filed with the SEC, the definitive proxy statement and any other relevant documents that are filed or will be filed with the SEC relating to the proposed Business Combination. Stockholders, potential investors and other interested persons should read the preliminary proxy statement carefully and, when it becomes available, the definitive proxy statement and any other relevant documents that are filed or will be filed with the SEC relating to the proposed business combination before making any voting or investment decisions. These documents can be obtained free of charge from the sources indicated above. Forward-Looking Statements This 8-K includes “forward-looking statements” within the meaning of the “safe harbor” provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1996. Zanite’s and Eve’s actual results may differ from their expectations, estimates and projections and consequently, you should not rely on these forward-looking statements as predictions of future events. Words such as “expect”, “estimate”, “project”, “budget”, “forecast”, “anticipate”, “intend”, “plan”, “may”, “will”, “could”, “should”, “believes”, “predicts”, “potential”, “continue”, and similar expressions are intended to identify such forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements include, without limitation, Zanite’s and Eve’s expectations with respect to future performance and anticipated financial impacts of the Transaction, the satisfaction of closing conditions to the Transaction and the timing of the completion of the Transaction. These forward-looking statements involve significant risks and uncertainties that could cause the actual results to differ materially from the expected results. You should carefully consider the risks and uncertainties described in the “Risk Factors” section of Zanite’s registration statement on Form S-1 and annual report on Form 10-K and Embraer’s annual report on Form 20-F. In addition, there will be risks and uncertainties described in the proxy statement relating to the proposed Transaction, a preliminary version of which has been filed by Zanite with the SEC and other documents filed by Zanite from time to time with the SEC. These filings identify and address other important risks and uncertainties that could cause actual events and results to differ materially from those contained in the forward looking statements. Most of these factors are outside Zanite’s and Eve’s control and are difficult to predict. Factors that may cause such differences include, but are not limited to: (1) the outcome of any legal proceedings that may be instituted against Zanite or Eve following the announcement of the Transaction; (2) the inability to complete the proposed Transaction, including due to the inability to concurrently close the proposed Transaction and the private placement of common stock or due to failure to obtain approval of the securityholders of Zanite; (3) delays in obtaining, adverse conditions contained in, or the inability to obtain necessary regulatory approvals or complete regular reviews required to complete the Transaction; (4) the risk that the Transaction disrupts current plans and operations as a result of the announcement and consummation of the Transaction; (5) the inability to recognize the anticipated benefits of the Transaction, which may be affected by, among other things, competition, the ability of the combined company to grow and manage growth profitably, maintain relationships with customers and suppliers and retain its key employees; (6) costs related to the Transaction; (7) changes in the applicable laws or regulations; (8) the possibility that the combined company may be adversely affected by other economic, business, and/or competitive factors; (9) the impact of the global COVID-19 pandemic; and (10) other risks and uncertainties indicated from time to time described in Zanite’s registration on Form S-1 and Embraer’s annual report on Form 20-F, including those under “Risk Factors” therein, and in Zanite’s and Embraer’s other filings with the SEC. Zanite and Eve caution that the foregoing list of factors is not exclusive and not to place undue reliance upon any forward-looking statements, including projections, which speak only as of the date made. Neither Zanite nor Eve undertakes or accepts any obligation to release publicly any updates or revisions to any forward-looking statements to reflect any change in its expectations or any change in events, conditions or circumstances on which any such statement is based. Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits. (d) Exhibits Exhibit No. | Description
99.1 | Presentation, dated as of February 16, 2022.
104 | Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document) SIGNATURE Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized. ZANITE ACQUISITION CORP.
Dated: February 16, 2022 | By: | /s/ Steven H. Rosen
Name: Steven H. Rosen
Title: Co-Chief Executive Officer