evex-20230123.htm 0001823652 false 0001823652 2023-01-23 2023-01-23 0001823652 us-gaap:CommonStockMember 2023-01-23 2023-01-23 0001823652 us-gaap:WarrantMember 2023-01-23 2023-01-23 UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 FORM 8-K CURRENT REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported): January 23, 2023 EVE HOLDING, INC. (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) Delaware (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation) 001-39704 | 85-2549808
(Commission File Number) | (IRS Employer Identification No.)
1400 General Aviation Drive , Melbourne , Florida | 32935
(Address of principal executive offices) | (Zip Code) Registrant’s telephone number, including area code (321) 751-5050 N/A (Former name or former address, if changed since last report.) Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions (see General Instruction A.2. below): ☐ | Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425) ☐ | Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12) ☐ | Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b)) ☐ | Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c)) Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Title of each class: | Trading Symbol: | Name of each exchange on which registered:
Common Stock, par value $0.001 per share | EVEX | The New York Stock Exchange
Warrants, each whole warrant exercisable for one share of Common Stock | EVEXW | The New York Stock Exchange Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (§230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (§240.12b-2 of this chapter). Emerging growth company ☒ If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. ☐ Item 1.01 . Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement . On January 23 , 2023, EVE Soluções de Mobilidade Aérea Urbana, Ltda. (“ Eve Brazil ”) , a Brazilian limited liability company and a wholly owned subsidiary of Eve Holding, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the “ Company ”), entered into a loan agreement (the “ Loan Agreement ”) with Banco Nacional de Dese n volvimento Econômico e Social – BNDES, Brazil ’ s National Development Bank (“ BNDES ”), pursuant to which BNDES agreed to grant two lines of credit to Eve Brazil, with an aggregate amount of R$ 490 million (approximately U.S. $ 95.25 million) , to support the first phase of the development of the Company’s electrical vertical take-off and landing (“eVTOL”) project. . The first line of credit , in the amount of R$ 80 million (approximately U.S. $ 15.55 million), will be granted in Brazilian reais by Fundo Nacional Sobre Mudança Climática (“ FNMC ”), a BNDES f und that support s businesses focused on mitigat ing climate change and reduc ing carbon emissions , and will be subject to an interest rate of 4.55% per year . The second line of credit , in the amount of R$ 410 million (approximately U.S. $79.70 million), will be granted in U.S. dollars, as adjusted on a daily basis by the U.S. dollar sale rate p ublished by the Central Bank of Brazil as the “ PTAX ” rate , and will be subject to an interest rate of 1.10% per year plus a fixed rate to be published by BNDES every 15 days in accordance with the Loan Agreement . S uch credit lines shall be used by Eve Brazil within 36 months from the date of signing of the Loan Agreement (otherwise, BNDES may terminate the Loan Agreement) and any loans shall be paid by no later than February 15, 2035. In addition, Eve Brazil shall pay a one-time R$ 2.05 million (approximately U.S. $ 400,000 ) fee to BNDES , whether or not Eve Brazil ends up using any credit . The Loan Agreement provides that the availability of such lines of credit is subject to BNDES’s rules and regulations and, in the case of the first line of credit, FNMC’s budget and, in the case of the second line of credit, BNDES’s financing program (which is subject to funding by the Conselho Monetário Nacional, Brazil’s National Monetary Council). Additionally, the Loan Agreement provides that the borrowing of any amount under these lines of credit is subject to certain conditions, including, among others , the promulgation of a new law (which condition only applies to the first line of credit), the receipt by BNDES of a guarantee from an acceptable financial institution, absence of any facts that would have a m aterial adverse effect on the economic or financial condition of Eve Brazil , and approval of the project by the applicable environmental entities. The Loan Agreement can be early terminated, and payment of any outstanding amount can be accelerated, by BNDES in certain events provided for in the Loan Agreement, including in the event of default by Eve Brazil that remains uncured for 30 days following receipt of written notice from BNDES. The foregoing summary of the Loan Agreement does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to an English translation of the Loan Agreement, which translation is attached hereto as Exhibit 10.1 and is incorporated by reference herein. Item 2.03. Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant. The information set forth under Item 1.01 above is incorporated by reference into this Item 2.03. Forward-Looking Statements This Current Report on Form 8-K includes “forward-looking statements” within the meaning of the “safe harbor” provisions of the United States Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements may be identified by the use of words such as “estimate,” “plan,” “project,” “forecast,” “intend,” “will,” “expect,” “anticipate,” “believe,” “seek,” “target,” “may,” “intend,” “predict,” “should,” “would,” “predict,” “potential,” “seem,” “future,” “outlook” or other similar expressions (or negative versions of such words or expressions) that predict or indicate future events or trends or that are not statements of historical matters. These forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, statements regarding the Company’s expectations with respect to its ability to borrow any amounts under the Loan Agreement . These statements are based on various assumptions, whether or not identified herein, and on the current expectations of the Company’s management and are not predictions of actual performance. These forward-looking statements are provided for illustrative purposes only and are not intended to serve as, and must not be relied on by any investor as, a guarantee, an assurance, a prediction or a definitive statement of fact or probability. Actual events and circumstances are difficult or impossible to predict and may differ from assumptions, and such differences may be material. Many actual events and circumstances are beyond the control of the Company. These forward-looking statements are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties, including, among others: ( i ) any delay or inability of BNDES to lend any amount under the Loan Agreement ; (ii) changes in domestic and foreign business, market, financial, political and legal conditions; (iii) risks relating to the uncertainty of the projected financial information with respect to the Company; (iv) the outcome of any legal proceedings that may be instituted against the Company; (v) future global, regional or local economic and market conditions, including the growth and development of the urban air mobility market; (vi) the development, effects and enforcement of laws and regulations; (vii) the Company’s ability to grow and manage future growth, maintain relationships, including the potential promulgation of certain new laws as described in the Loan Agreement with customers and suppliers and retain its key employees; (viii) the Company’s ability to develop new products and solutions, bring them to market in a timely manner, and make enhancements to its platform; (ix) the Company’s ability to successfully develop, obtain certification for and commercialize its eVTOL , (x) the effects of competition on the Company’s future business; (xi) the outcome of any potential litigation, government and regulatory proceedings, investigations and inquiries; (xi) the impact of the global COVID-19 pandemic and (xii) those factors discussed in the Company’s prospectus, dated January 18, 2023, filed on January 20, 2023 pursuant to Rule 424(b) under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, relating to the Registration Statement on Form S-1, as amended (File No. 333-265337) under the heading “Risk Factors,” and other documents of the Company filed, or to be filed, with the SEC. If any of these risks materialize or our assumptions prove incorrect, actual results could differ materially from the results implied by these forward-looking statements. There may be additional risks that the Company does not presently know or that the Company currently believes are immaterial that could also cause actual results to differ from those contained in the forward-looking statements. In addition, forward-looking statements reflect the Company’s expectations, plans or forecasts of future events and views as of the date of this Current Report on Form 8-K. The Company anticipates that subsequent events and developments could cause the Company’s assessments to change. However, while the Company may elect to update these forward-looking statements at some point in the future, the Company specifically disclaims any obligation to do so. These forward-looking statements should not be relied upon as representing the Company’s assessments as of any date subsequent to the date of this Current Report on Form 8-K. Accordingly, undue reliance should not be placed upon the forward-looking statements. Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits. (d) Exhibits Exhibit No. | Description
10.1* | Loan Agreement, dated as of January 23, 2023, by and between EVE Soluções de Mobilidade Aérea Urbana, Ltda. and Banco Nacional de Desenvolvimento Econômico e Social – BNDES
104 | Cover Page Interactive Data File - the cover page XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document * Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to Item 601(b)(10)(iv) of Regulation S-K. SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized. EVE HOLDING, INC.
Date: January 27 , 2023 | By: | /s/ Gerard J. DeMuro
Name: | Gerard J. DeMuro
Title: | Co-Chief Executive Officer