8-K 1 d149897d8k.htm 8-K 8-K UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 FORM 8-K CURRENT REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported): June 10, 2021 ZANITE ACQUISITION CORP. (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) Delaware | 001-39704 | 85-2549808
(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation) | (Commission File Number) | (IRS Employer Identification No.) 25101 Chagrin Boulevard Suite 350 Cleveland,
Ohio 44122 (Address of principal executive offices, including zip code) Registrant’s telephone number, including area code: (216) 292-0200 Not Applicable (Former
name or former address, if changed since last report) Check the appropriate box below
if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions: ☐ | Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425) ☐ | Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12) ☐ | Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b)) ☐ | Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c)) Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Title of each class | Trading Symbol(s) | Name of each exchange on which registered
Units, each consisting of one share of Class A common stock and one-half of one redeemable warrant | ZNTEU | The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC
Class A common stock, par value $0.0001 per share | ZNTE | The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC
Redeemable warrants, each warrant exercisable for one share of Class A common stock, each at an exercise price of $11.50 per share | ZNTEW | The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of
1933 (§230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (§240.12b-2 of this chapter). Emerging growth
company ☒ If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period
for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. ☐ Item 7.01 Regulation FD Disclosure. On June 10, 2021, Zanite Acquisition Corp. (the “Company”) issued a press release to confirm that it is in negotiations relating
to a potential business combination with Eve Urban Air Mobility Solutions, Inc., a subsidiary of Embraer S.A., a Brazilian corporation. There can be no assurance that a definitive agreement will be entered into or that a proposed transaction will be
consummated. A copy of the press release is attached as Exhibit 99.1 hereto and incorporated by reference herein. The information in this
Item 7.01, including Exhibit 99.1, is furnished and shall not be deemed “filed” for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “Exchange Act”), or otherwise subject to liabilities under
that section, and shall not be deemed to be incorporated by reference into the filings of the Company under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”), or the Exchange Act, regardless of any general incorporation
language in such filings. This Current Report on Form 8-K will not be deemed an admission as to the materiality of any information of the information in this Item 7.01, including Exhibit 99.1. Additional Information and Where to Find It If a legally binding definitive agreement is entered into, a full description of the terms of the transaction will be provided in a proxy
statement for the stockholders of the Company (the “Transaction Proxy Statement”), to be filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”). The Company urges investors, stockholders and other interested persons
to read, when available, the preliminary Transaction Proxy Statement as well as other documents filed with the SEC because these documents will contain important information about the Company, the potential target company and the transaction. The
definitive Transaction Proxy Statement will be mailed to the Company’s stockholders of record as of a record date to be established for voting on the proposed transaction. Stockholders will also be able to obtain copies of the Transaction Proxy
Statement, without charge, once available, at the SEC’s website at www.sec.gov or by directing a request to: Zanite Acquisition Corp., 25101 Chagrin Boulevard, Suite 350, Cleveland, Ohio 44122. Forward Looking Statements Certain
statements made in this Current Report on Form 8-K are “forward looking statements” within the meaning of the “safe harbor” provisions of the United States Private Securities Litigation
Reform Act of 1995. When used in this Current Report on Form 8-K, the words “estimates,” “projected,” “expects,” “anticipates,” “forecasts,” “plans,”
“intends,” “believes,” “seeks,” “may,” “will,” “should,” “future,” “propose” and variations of these words or similar expressions (or the negative versions of such words
or expressions) are intended to identify forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance, conditions or results, and involve a number of known and unknown risks, uncertainties, assumptions and
other important factors, many of which are outside the Company’s control, that could cause actual results or outcomes to differ materially from those discussed in the forward-looking statements. Important factors, among others, that may affect
actual results or outcomes include: the inability of the Company to enter into a definitive agreement with respect to the proposed business combination or to complete the contemplated transactions with the potential target company; matters
discovered by the potential target company or the Company as they complete their respective due diligence investigation of the other; the risk that the approval of the stockholders of the Company for the potential transaction is not obtained; the
inability to recognize the anticipated benefits of the proposed business combination, which may be affected by, among other things, the amount of funds available in the Company’s trust account following any redemptions by the Company stockholders; the ability to meet Nasdaq’s listing standards following the consummation of the transactions contemplated by the proposed business combination;
costs related to the proposed business combination; and those factors discussed in the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2020 under the heading “Risk
Factors,” and other documents of the Company filed, or to be filed, with the SEC. The Company does not undertake any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or
otherwise, except as required by law. Participants in the Solicitation The Company and its directors and executive officers may be considered participants in the solicitation of proxies with respect to the
potential transaction described herein under the rules of the SEC. Information about the directors and officers of the Company and a description of their interests in the Company will be set forth in a Transaction Proxy Statement when it is filed
with the SEC. These documents can be obtained free of charge from the sources indicated above. Non-Solicitation The disclosure herein is not a proxy statement or solicitation of a proxy, consent or authorization with respect to any securities or in
respect of the potential transaction and shall not constitute an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to buy the securities of the Company, nor shall there be any sale of any such securities in any state or jurisdiction in which such offer,
solicitation, or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under the securities laws of such state or jurisdiction. No offer of securities shall be made except by means of a definitive document. Item 9.01. Financial Statements and Exhibits. (d)
Exhibits. Exhibit Number | Description
99.1 | Press Release, dated June 10, 2021. SIGNATURE Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned
hereunto duly authorized. ZANITE ACQUISITION CORP.
By: | /s/ Steven H. Rosen
Name: Steven H. Rosen
Title: Co-Chief Executive Officer Dated: June 10, 2021