8-K false 0001823652 0001823652 2021-12-21 2021-12-21 0001823652 znte:UnitsEachConsistingOfOneShareOfClassACommonStockAndOneHalfOfOneRedeemableWarrantMember 2021-12-21 2021-12-21 0001823652 us-gaap:CommonStockMember 2021-12-21 2021-12-21 0001823652 znte:WarrantsEachWholeWarrantExercisableForOneShareOfClassACommonStockEachAtAnExercisePriceOf11.50PerShareMember 2021-12-21 2021-12-21 UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 FORM 8-K CURRENT REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported): December 21, 2021 Zanite Acquisition Corp. (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) Delaware | 001-39704 | 85-2549808
(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation) | (Commission File Number) | (IRS Employer Identification No.) 25101 Chagrin Boulevard , Suite 350 Cleveland , Ohio 44122 (Address of principal executive offices, including zip code) Registrant’s telephone number, including area code: (216) 292-0200 N/A (Former name or former address, if changed since last report) Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions: ☐ | Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425) ☒ | Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12) ☐ | Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b)) ☐ | Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c)) Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Title of each class | Trading Symbol(s) | Name of each exchange on which registered
Units, each consisting of one share of Class A common stock and one-half of one redeemable warrant | ZNTEU | The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC
Class A common stock, par value $0.0001 per share | ZNTE | The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC
Warrants, each whole warrant exercisable for one share of Class A common stock, each at an exercise price of $11.50 per share | ZNTEW | The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of1933 (§230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (§240.12b-2 of this chapter). Emerging growth company ☒ If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised fmancial accmmting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. ☐ Item 7.01 Regulation FD Disclosure. As previously announced, Zanite Acquisition Corp., a Delaware corporation (“ Zanite” or the “ Company” ), entered into a Business Combination Agreement (the “ Business Combination Agreement” ) with Embraer S.A., a Brazilian corporation (sociedade anônima) (“ Embraer” ), Embraer Aircraft Holding Inc., a Delaware corporation and a direct wholly-owned subsidiary of Embraer (“ EAH” ), and EVE UAM, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company and a wholly-owned subsidiary of EAH (“ Eve” ). Attached as Exhibit 99.1 is a press release (the “ BAES Press Release ”), dated as of December 21, 2021, jointly issued by BAE Systems plc and Embraer announcing their partnership to explore potential defense and security applications for electric vertical take-off and landing vehicles (“eVTOLs”) which are to be produced by Eve. The BAES Press Release is attached hereto as Exhibit 99.1 and incorporated by reference herein. Attached as Exhibit 99.2 is a press release (the “ SkyWest Press Release ”), dated as of December 2021, jointly issued by SkyWest Inc. (“SkyWest”), Embraer and Eve, announcing a partnership to develop a regional eVTOL operator network for the deployment of Eve’s eVTOLs in the United States, as well as SkyWest’s non-binding commitment to purchase 100 of Eve’s eVTOLs. The SkyWest Press Release is attached hereto as Exhibit 99.2 and incorporated by reference herein. Attached as Exhibit 99.3 is a press release (the “ Republic Press Release ”), dated as of December 21, 2021, jointly issued by Republic Airways Holdings Inc. (“Republic”), Embraer and Eve, announcing a partnership to develop an eVTOL deployment network throughout the Central and East Coast markets of the United States, as well as Republic’s non-binding commitment to purchase up to 200 of Eve’s eVTOLs. The Republic Press Release is attached hereto as Exhibit 99.3 and incorporated by reference herein. Attached as Exhibit 99.4 is a press release (the “ Azorra Press Release ”), dated as of December 21, 2021, jointly issued by Azorra (“Azorra”), Embraer and Eve, announcing Azorra’s non-binding commitment to purchase up to 200 of Eve’s eVTOLs. The Azorra Press Release is attached hereto as Exhibit 99.4 and incorporated by reference herein. The information in this Item 7.01, including Exhibits 99.1, 99.2, 99.3 and 99.4 is furnished and shall not be deemed “filed” for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “ Exchange Act” ), or otherwise subject to liabilities under that section, and shall not be deemed to be incorporated by reference into the filings of Zanite under the Securities Act or the Exchange Act, regardless of any general incorporation language in such filings. This Current Report on Form 8-K will not be deemed an admission as to the materiality of any information of the information in this Item 7.01, including Exhibits 99.1, 99.2, 99.3 and 99.4. Important Information about the Business Combination and Where to Find It In connection with the business combination, Zanite intends to file with the SEC a preliminary proxy statement relating to the business combination. Zanite will mail a definitive proxy statement and other relevant documents to its stockholders. This Current Report on Form 8-K does not contain all the information that should be considered concerning the proposed business combination and is not intended to form the basis of any investment decision or any other decision in respect of the business combination. Zanite’s stockholders and other interested persons are advised to read, when available, the preliminary proxy statement and the amendments thereto and the definitive proxy statement and documents incorporated by reference therein filed in connection with Zanite’s solicitation of proxies for its special meeting of stockholders to be held to approve the business combination and other matters, as these materials will contain important information about Zanite, Eve and the business combination. When available, the definitive proxy statement and other relevant materials for the business combination will be mailed to stockholders of Zanite as of a record date to be established for voting on the business combination. Stockholders of Zanite will also be able to obtain copies of the preliminary proxy statement, the definitive proxy statement and other documents filed with the SEC that will be incorporated by reference therein, without charge, once available, at the SEC’s website at www.sec.gov, or by directing a request to Zanite Acquisition Corp. at 25101 Chagrin Boulevard Suite 350, Cleveland, Ohio 44122, Attention: Steven H. Rosen, or by calling (216) 292-0200. This Current Report on Form 8-K is for informational purposes only and does not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any securities, or a solicitation of any vote or approval, nor shall there be any sale of securities in any jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under the securities laws of any such jurisdiction. No offering of securities shall be made except by means of a prospectus meeting the requirements of Section 10 of the Securities Act, or an applicable exemption from the registration requirements thereof. Participants in the Solicitation Zanite and its directors and executive officers may be deemed participants in the solicitation of proxies from Zanite’s stockholders with respect to the business combination. A list of the names of those directors and executive officers and a description of their interests in Zanite is contained in Zanite’s Registration Statement on Form S-1/A and by Zanite’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 15, 2021, each of which was filed with the SEC and is available free of charge at the SEC’s web site at www.sec.gov, or by directing a request to Zanite Acquisition Corp. at 25101 Chagrin Boulevard Suite 350, Cleveland, Ohio 44122, Attention: Steven H. Rosen, or by calling (216) 292-0200. Eve, Embraer, EAH and their respective directors and executive officers may also be deemed to be participants in the solicitation of proxies from the stockholders of Zanite in connection with the business combination. A list of the names of such directors and executive officers and information regarding their interests in the business combination will be included in the proxy statement for the business combination when available. Additional information regarding the persons who may, under SEC rules, be deemed participants in the solicitation of Zanite’s stockholders in connection with the business combination, including a description of their direct and indirect interests, by security holdings or otherwise, will be set forth in Zanite’s proxy statement for the business combination when it is filed with the SEC. Stockholders, potential investors and other interested persons should read the proxy statement carefully when it becomes available before making any voting or investment decisions. When available, these documents can be obtained free of charge from the sources indicated above. Forward-Looking Statements This Form 8-K includes “forward-looking statements” within the meaning of the “safe harbor” provisions of the United States Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements may be identified by the use of words such as “estimate,” “plan,” “project,” “forecast,” “intend,” “will,” “expect,” “anticipate,” “believe,” “seek,” “target”, “may”, “intend”, “predict”, “should”, “would”, “predict”, “potential”, “seem”, “future”, “outlook” or other similar expressions (or negative versions of such words or expressions) that predict or indicate future events or trends or that are not statements of historical matters. These forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, statements regarding Zanite’s, Eve’s, Embraer’s and EAH’s expectations with respect to future performance and anticipated financial impacts of the business combination, the satisfaction of the closing conditions to the business combination and the PIPE, the level of redemptions by Zanite’s public stockholders, the timing of the completion of the business combination and the use of the cash proceeds therefrom. These statements are based on various assumptions, whether or not identified herein, and on the current expectations of Zanite’s, Eve’s, Embraer’s and EAH’s management and are not predictions of actual performance. These forward-looking statements are provided for illustrative purposes only and are not intended to serve as, and must not be relied on by any investor as, a guarantee, an assurance, a prediction or a definitive statement of fact or probability. Actual events and circumstances are difficult or impossible to predict and may differ from assumptions, and such differences may be material. Many actual events and circumstances are beyond the control of Zanite, Eve, Embraer and EAH. These forward-looking statements are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties, including: (i) changes in domestic and foreign business, market, financial, political and legal conditions; (ii) the inability of the parties to successfully or timely consummate the proposed business combination, including the risk that any required regulatory approvals are not obtained, are delayed or are subject to unanticipated conditions that could adversely affect the combined company or the expected benefits of the proposed business combination or that the approval of the stockholders of Zanite or Eve is not obtained and or that the proposed business combination and the private placement of common stock are not able to concurrently close; (iii) failure to realize the anticipated benefits of the proposed business combination; (iv) risks relating to the uncertainty of the projected financial information with respect to Eve; (v) the outcome of any legal proceedings that may be instituted against Zanite, Embraer, EAH and/or Eve following the announcement of the business combination agreement and the transactions contemplated therein; (vi) future global, regional or local economic and market conditions; (vii) the development, effects and enforcement of laws and regulations; (viii) Eve’s ability to grow and manage future growth , maintain relationships with customers and suppliers and retain its key employees; (ix) Eve’s ability to develop new products and solutions, bring them to market in a timely manner, and make enhancements to its platform; (x) the effects of competition on Eve’s future business; (xi) the amount of redemption requests made by Zanite’s public stockholders; (xii) the ability of Zanite or the combined company to issue equity or equity-linked securities in connection with the proposed business combination or in the future; (xiii) the outcome of any potential litigation, government and regulatory proceedings, investigations and inquiries; (xiv) the risk that the proposed business combination disrupts current plans and operations as a result of the announcement and consummation, (xv) costs related to the business combination, (xvi) the impact of the global COVID-19 pandemic and (xvii) those factors discussed in Zanite’s Annual Report on Form 10-K/A for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021 and Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2021, in each case, under the heading “Risk Factors,” and other documents of Zanite filed, or to be filed, with the SEC. If any of these risks materialize or our assumptions prove incorrect, actual results could differ materially from the results implied by these forward-looking statements. There may be additional risks that neither Eve nor Zanite presently know or that Eve and Zanite currently believe are immaterial that could also cause actual results to differ from those contained in the forward-looking statements. In addition, forward-looking statements reflect Eve’s and Zanite’s expectations, plans or forecasts of future events and views as of the date of this Form 8-K. Eve and Zanite anticipate that subsequent events and developments will cause Eve’s and Zanite’s assessments to change. However, while Eve and Zanite may elect to update these forward-looking statements at some point in the future, Eve and Zanite specifically disclaim any obligation to do so. These forward-looking statements should not be relied upon as representing Eve’s and Zanite’s assessments as of any date subsequent to the date of this Current Report on Form 8-K. Accordingly, undue reliance should not be placed upon the forward-looking statements. Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits. (d) | Exhibits Exhibit No. | Description
99.1 | BAES Press Release, dated as of December 21, 2021.
99.2 | SkyWest Press Release, dated as of December 21, 2021.
99.3 | Republic Press Release, dated as of December 21, 2021.
99.4 | Azorra Press Release, dated as of December 21, 2021.
104 | Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document) SIGNATURE Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized. ZANITE ACQUISITION CORP.
Dated: December 21, 2021 | By: | /s/ Steven H. Rosen
Name: Steven H. Rosen
Title: Co-Chief Executive Officer