10-Q 1 d15433d10q.htm FORM 10-Q Form 10-Q Table of Contents UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 FORM 10-Q (Mark One) ☒ | QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the quarterly period ended September 30, 2020 ☐ | TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the transition period
from to Commission File No. 001-39704 ZANITE ACQUISITION CORP. (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) Delaware | 85-2549808
(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) | (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 25101 Chagrin Boulevard, Suite 350 Cleveland, Ohio 44122 (Address of Principal Executive Offices, including zip code) (216) 292-0200 (Registrant’s telephone number, including area code) N/A (Former name, former
address and former fiscal year, if changed since last report) Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Title of each class | Trading Symbol(s) | Name of each exchange on which registered
Units, each consisting of one share of Class A common stock and one-half of one redeemable warrant | ZNTEU | The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC
Class A common stock, par value $0.0001 par value | ZNTE | The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC
Warrants, each whole warrant exercisable for one share of Class A common stock, each at an exercise price of $11.50 per share | ZNTEW | The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90
days. Yes ☐ No ☒ Indicate by check mark whether the
registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (§232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such
shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). Yes ☒ No ☐ Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of “large accelerated filer,” “accelerated filer,” “smaller reporting
company,” and “emerging growth company” in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. ☐ Large accelerated filer | ☐ Accelerated filer
☒ Non-accelerated filer | ☒ Smaller reporting company
☒ Emerging growth company If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended
transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. ☐ Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the
Exchange Act): Yes ☒ No ☐ As of December 23, 2020
there were 23,000,000 shares of Class A common stock and 5,750,000 shares of Class B common stock, $0.0001 par value, issued and outstanding. Table of Contents ZANITE ACQUISITION CORP. FORM 10-Q FOR THE QUARTER ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2020 TABLE OF CONTENTS Page
PART 1 – FINANCIAL INFORMATION
Item 1. | Financial Statements
Condensed Balance Sheet (unaudited) | 1
Condensed Statement of Operations (unaudited) | 2
Condensed Statement of Changes in Stockholder’s Equity (unaudited) | 3
Condensed Statement of Cash Flows (unaudited) | 4
Notes to Condensed Financial Statements (unaudited) | 5
Item 2. | Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations | 13
Item 3. | Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk | 15
Item 4. | Control and Procedures | 15
PART II – OTHER INFORMATION
Item 1. | Legal Proceedings | 15
Item 1A. | Risk Factors | 15
Item 2. | Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds | 16
Item 3. | Defaults Upon Senior Securities | 16
Item 4. | Mine Safety Disclosures | 16
Item 5. | Other Information | 16
Item 6. | Exhibits | 17
SIGNATURES | 18 i Table of Contents ZANITE ACQUISITION CORP. CONDENSED BALANCE SHEET SEPTEMBER 30, 2020 (Unaudited) ASSETS
Deferred offering costs | $ | 132,852
TOTAL ASSETS | $ | 132,852
LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDER’S EQUITY
Current liabilities
Accrued expenses | $ | 1,000
Accrued offering costs | 47,852
Promissory notes — related party | 60,000
Total Current Liabilities | 108,852
Commitments
Stockholder’s Equity
Preferred stock, $0.0001 par value; 1,000,000 shares authorized; none issued and outstanding | —
Class A common stock, $0.0001 par value; 100,000,000 shares authorized; none issued and outstanding | —
Class B common stock, $0.0001 par value; 10,000,000 shares authorized; 5,750,000 shares issued and outstanding (1) | 575
Additional paid-in capital | 24,425
Accumulated deficit | (1,000 | )
Total Stockholder’s Equity | 24,000
TOTAL LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDER’S EQUITY | $ | 132,852 (1) | This number includes an aggregate of up to 750,000 shares of Class B common stock held by the Sponsor subject to forfeiture if the over-allotment option is not exercised in full or in part by the underwriters. On November 19, 2020, the underwriters exercised the over-allotment option in full; thus, these shares are no longer subject to forfeiture (see Note 5). The accompanying notes are an integral part of the unaudited condensed financial statements. 1 Table of Contents ZANITE ACQUISITION CORP. CONDENSED STATEMENT OF OPERATIONS FOR THE PERIOD FROM AUGUST 7, 2020 (INCEPTION) THROUGH SEPTEMBER 30, 2020 (Unaudited) Formation and operating costs | $ | 1,000
Net Loss | $ | (1,000 | )
Weighted average shares outstanding, basic and diluted (1) | 5,750,000
Basic and diluted net loss per common share | $ | (0.00 | ) (1) | This number includes an aggregate of up to 750,000 shares of Class B common stock held by the Sponsor subject to forfeiture if the over-allotment option is not exercised in full or in part by the underwriters. On November 19, 2020, the underwriters exercised the over-allotment option in full; thus, these shares are no longer subject to forfeiture (see Note 5). The accompanying notes are an integral part of the unaudited condensed financial statements. 2 Table of Contents ZANITE ACQUISITION CORP. CONDENSED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDER’S EQUITY FOR THE PERIOD FROM AUGUST 7, 2020 (INCEPTION) THROUGH SEPTEMBER 30, 2020 (Unaudited) Class B Common Stock | Additional Paid-in | Accumulated | Total Stockholder’s
Shares | Amount | Capital | Deficit | Equity
Balance — August 7, 2020 (inception) | — | $ | — | $ | — | $ | — | $ | —
Issuance of Class B common stock to Sponsor (1) | 5,750,000 | 575 | 24,425 | — | 25,000
Net loss | — | — | — | (1,000 | ) | (1,000 | )
Balance — September 30, 2020 | 5,750,000 | $ | 575 | $ | 24,425 | $ | (1,000 | ) | $ | 24,000 (1) | This number includes an aggregate of up to 750,000 shares of Class B common stock held by the Sponsor subject to forfeiture if the over-allotment option is not exercised in full or in part by the underwriters. On November 19, 2020, the underwriters exercised the over-allotment option in full; thus, these shares are no longer subject to forfeiture (see Note 5). The accompanying notes are an integral part of the unaudited condensed financial statements. 3 Table of Contents ZANITE ACQUISITION CORP. CONDENSED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS FOR THE PERIOD FROM AUGUST 7, 2020 (INCEPTION) THROUGH SEPTEMBER 30, 2020 (Unaudited) Cash Flows from Operating Activities:
Net loss | $ | (1,000 | )
Changes in operating assets and liabilities:
Accrued expenses | 1,000
Net cash used in operating activities | —
Net Change in Cash | —
Cash – Beginning | —
Cash – Ending | $ | —
Supplemental disclosure of non-cash investing and financing activities:
Deferred offering costs paid directly by Sponsor in exchange for the issuance of Class B common stock | $ | 25,000
Deferred offering costs included in accrued offering costs | $ | 47,852
Deferred offering costs paid through promissory note | $ | 60,000 The accompanying notes are an integral part of the unaudited condensed financial statements. 4 Table of Contents ZANITE ACQUISITION CORP. NOTES TO CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS SEPTEMBER 30, 2020 (Unaudited) NOTE 1. DESCRIPTION OF ORGANIZATION AND BUSINESS OPERATIONS Zanite Acquisition Corp. (the “Company”) was incorporated in Delaware on August 7, 2020. The Company was formed for the purpose
of effecting a merger, capital stock exchange, asset acquisition, stock purchase, reorganization or similar business combination with one or more businesses (a “Business Combination”). The Company is not limited to a particular industry or sector for purposes of consummating a Business Combination. The Company is an early
stage and emerging growth company and, as such, the Company is subject to all of the risks associated with early stage and emerging growth companies. As of September 30, 2020, the Company had not commenced any operations. All activity for the period from August 7, 2020 (inception)
through September 30, 2020 relates to the Company’s formation and the initial public offering (“Initial Public Offering”), which is described below. The Company will not generate any operating revenues until after the completion
of its initial Business Combination, at the earliest. The Company will generate non-operating income in the form of interest income from the proceeds derived from the Initial Public Offering. The registration statement for the Company’s Initial Public Offering was declared effective on November 16, 2020. On
November 19, 2020, the Company consummated the Initial Public Offering of 23,000,000 units (the “Units” and, with respect to the Class A common stock included in the Units sold, the “Public Shares”), which includes the
full exercise by the underwriters of the over-allotment option to purchase an additional 3,000,000 Units, at $10.00 per Unit, generating gross proceeds of $230,000,000, which is described in Note 3. Simultaneously with the closing of the Initial Public Offering, the Company consummated the sale of 9,650,000 warrants (the “Private
Placement Warrants”) at a price of $1.00 per Private Placement Warrant in a private placement to Zanite Sponsor LLC (the “Sponsor”), generating gross proceeds of $9,650,000, which is described in Note 4. Transaction costs amounted to $13,143,093, consisting of $4,600,000 of underwriting fees, $8,050,000 of deferred underwriting fees and
$493,093 of other offering costs. In addition, on November 19, 2020, cash of $2,750,000 was held outside of the Trust Account (as defined below) and is available for the payment of offering costs and for working capital purposes. Following the closing of the Initial Public Offering on November 19, 2020, an amount of $232,300,000 ($10.10 per Unit) from the net
proceeds of the sale of the Units in the Initial Public Offering and the sale of the Private Placement Warrants was placed in a trust account (the “Trust Account”), located in the United States and invested only in U.S. government
securities, within the meaning set forth in Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the “Investment Company Act”), with a maturity of 185 days or less or in any open-ended investment company that holds
itself out as a money market fund selected by the Company meeting certain conditions of Rule 2a-7 of the Investment Company Act, as determined by the Company, until the earlier of: (i) the completion
of a Business Combination and (ii) the distribution of the funds held in the Trust Account, as described below. The Company’s
management has broad discretion with respect to the specific application of the net proceeds of the Initial Public Offering and the sale of Private Placement Warrants, although substantially all of the net proceeds are intended to be applied
generally toward consummating a Business Combination. There is no assurance that the Company will be able to complete a Business Combination successfully. The Company must complete one or more initial Business Combinations with one or more operating
businesses or assets with a fair market value equal to at least 80% of the net assets held in the Trust Account (excluding the deferred underwriting commissions and taxes payable on the interest earned on the Trust Account). The Company will only
complete a Business Combination if the post-transaction company owns or acquires 50% or more of the outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise acquires a controlling interest in the target business sufficient for it not to be required
to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act. The Company will provide the holders of the outstanding Public
Shares (the “Public Stockholders”) with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their Public Shares upon the completion of a Business Combination either (i) in connection with a stockholder meeting called to approve the Business
Combination or (ii) by means of a tender offer. The decision as to whether the Company will seek stockholder approval of a Business Combination or conduct a tender offer will be made by the Company. The Public Stockholders will be entitled to
redeem their Public Shares for a pro rata portion of the amount then in the Trust Account (initially anticipated to be $10.10 per Public Share, plus any pro rata interest then in the Trust Account, net of taxes payable). There will be no redemption
rights upon the completion of a Business Combination with respect to the Company’s warrants. The Company will only proceed with a
Business Combination if the Company has net tangible assets of at least $5,000,001 following any related redemptions and, if the Company seeks stockholder approval, a majority of the shares voted are voted in favor of the Business Combination. If a
stockholder vote is not required by applicable law or stock exchange listing requirements and the Company does not decide to hold a stockholder vote for business or other reasons, the Company will, pursuant to its Amended and Restated Certificate of
Incorporation (the “Certificate of Incorporation”), conduct the redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”) and file tender offer documents with the SEC prior to
completing a Business Combination. If, however, stockholder 5 Table of Contents ZANITE ACQUISITION CORP. NOTES TO CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS SEPTEMBER 30, 2020 (Unaudited) approval of the transaction is required by applicable law or stock exchange listing requirements, or the Company decides to obtain stockholder approval for business or other reasons, the Company
will offer to redeem shares in conjunction with a proxy solicitation pursuant to the proxy rules and not pursuant to the tender offer rules. If the Company seeks stockholder approval in connection with a Business Combination, the Sponsor has agreed
to vote its Founder Shares (as defined in Note 5) and any Public Shares purchased during or after the Initial Public Offering in favor of approving a Business Combination. Additionally, each Public Stockholder may elect to redeem their Public Shares
without voting, and if they do vote, irrespective of whether they vote for or against the proposed transaction. Notwithstanding the
foregoing, if the Company seeks stockholder approval of a Business Combination and it does not conduct redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules, the Certificate of Incorporation will provide that a Public Stockholder, together with any
affiliate of such stockholder or any other person with whom such stockholder is acting in concert or as a “group” (as defined under Section 13 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “Exchange Act”)), will be
restricted from redeeming its shares with respect to more than an aggregate of 15% of the Public Shares, without the prior consent of the Company. The Sponsor has agreed (a) to waive its redemption rights with respect to the Founder Shares and Public Shares held by it in connection
with the completion of a Business Combination and (b) not to propose an amendment to the Certificate of Incorporation (i) to modify the substance or timing of the Company’s obligation to allow redemptions in connection with a Business
Combination or to redeem 100% of its Public Shares if the Company does not complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period (as defined below) or (ii) with respect to any other provision relating to stockholders’ rights or pre-business combination activity, unless the Company provides the Public Stockholders with the opportunity to redeem their Public Shares in conjunction with any such amendment. The Company will have until May 19, 2021 to consummate a Business Combination. However, if the Company anticipates that it may not be
able to consummate a Business Combination by May 19, 2021, the Company may, by resolution of its board of directors if requested by the Sponsor, extend the period of time the Company will have to consummate a Business Combination up to two
times, each by an additional 6 months (until May 19, 2022), subject to the sponsor purchasing additional Private Placement Warrants. The Company’s stockholders will not be entitled to vote on or redeem their shares in connection with any
such extension. Pursuant to the terms of the Certificate of Incorporation, in order to extend the period of time to consummate a Business Combination in such a manner, the Sponsor, upon no less than five days’ advance notice prior to the
applicable deadline, must purchase an additional 2,300,000 Private Placement Warrants, at a price of $1.00 per warrant and deposit the $2,300,000 in proceeds into the Trust Account on or prior to the date of the applicable deadline, for each 6 month
extension. In the event that the Company receives notice from the Sponsor five days prior to the applicable deadline of its wish for the Company to effect an extension, the Company intends to issue a press release announcing such intention at least
three days prior to the applicable deadline. In addition, the Company intends to issue a press release the day after the applicable deadline announcing whether or not the funds have been timely deposited. Our sponsor has the option to accelerate its
purchase of one or both halves of the up to 4,600,000 Private Placement Warrants at any time following the closing of the Initial Public Offering and prior to the consummation of the Business Combination with the same effect of extending the time
the Company will have to consummate a Business Combination by 6 or 12 months, as applicable. In addition to the Sponsor’s ability to
extend the Company’s deadline to consummate a Business Combination in 6-month increments by purchasing additional Private Placement Warrants as described above, the Company may also hold a stockholder
vote at any time to amend the Certificate of Incorporation to modify the amount of time the Company will have to consummate a Business Combination. The Sponsor and the Company’s executive officers, directors and director nominees have agreed
that they will not propose any such amendment unless the Company provides the Public Stockholders with the opportunity to redeem their Public Shares upon approval of any such amendment at a per-share price,
payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account, including interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account (net of permitted withdrawals), divided by the number of then outstanding Public Shares. As used
herein, “Combination Period” refers to (i) the 6-month period from the closing of the Initial Public Offering in which the Company must complete a Business Combination, (ii) the 12- or 18-month period from the closing of the Initial Public Offering in which the Company must complete a Business Combination if the Sponsor has extended the period of time
for the Company to consummate a Business Combination by purchasing additional Private Placement Warrants, and (iii) such other time period in which the Company must consummate a Business Combination pursuant to an amendment to the Certificate
of Incorporation. If the Company has not completed a Business Combination within the Combination Period, the Company will (i) cease
all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the Public Shares, at a per-share price, payable in
cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account, including interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account and not previously released to pay taxes (less up to $100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses),
divided by the number of then outstanding Public Shares, which redemption will completely extinguish Public Stockholders’ rights as stockholders (including the right to receive further liquidating distributions, if any), and (iii) as
promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of the Company’s remaining stockholders and the Company’s board of directors, dissolve and liquidate, subject in each case to the Company’s obligations
under Delaware law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. There will be no redemption rights or liquidating distributions with respect to the Company’s warrants, which will expire worthless if the
Company fails to complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period. 6 Table of Contents ZANITE ACQUISITION CORP. NOTES TO CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS SEPTEMBER 30, 2020 (Unaudited) The Sponsor has agreed to waive its liquidation rights with respect to the Founder Shares if
the Company fails to complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period. However, if the Sponsor acquires Public Shares after the Initial Public Offering, such Public Shares will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the Trust
Account if the Company fails to complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period. The underwriters have agreed to waive their rights to their deferred underwriting commission (see Note 6) held in the Trust Account in the event the
Company does not complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period and, in such event, such amounts will be included with the other funds held in the Trust Account that will be available to fund the redemption of the Public Shares. In
the event of such distribution, it is possible that the per share value of the assets remaining available for distribution will be less than the amount initially deposited into the Trust Account ($10.10). In order to protect the amounts held in the Trust Account, the Sponsor has agreed to be liable to the Company if and to the extent any claims
by a third party for services rendered or products sold to the Company, or a prospective target business with which the Company has discussed entering into a transaction agreement, reduce the amount of funds in the Trust Account to below the lesser
of (i) $10.10 per Public Share and (ii) the actual amount per Public Share held in the Trust Account as of the date of the liquidation of the Trust Account, if less than $10.10 per public Share due to reductions in the value of the trust
assets, less taxes payable, provided that such liability will not apply to any claims by a third party or prospective target business who executed a waiver of any and all rights to monies held in the Trust Account nor will it apply to any claims
under the Company’s indemnity of the underwriters of the Initial Public Offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”). Moreover, in the event that an
executed waiver is deemed to be unenforceable against a third party, the Sponsor will not be responsible to the extent of any liability for such third-party claims. The Company will seek to reduce the possibility that the Sponsor will have to
indemnify the Trust Account due to claims of creditors by endeavoring to have all vendors, service providers (except for the Company’s independent registered public accounting firm), prospective target businesses and other entities with which
the Company does business, execute agreements with the Company waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to monies held in the Trust Account. NOTE 2. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES Basis of Presentation The
accompanying unaudited condensed financial statements have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America (“GAAP”) for interim financial information and in accordance with the
instructions to Form 10-Q and Article 8 of Regulation S-X of the Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”). Certain information or footnote disclosures
normally included in financial statements prepared in accordance with GAAP have been condensed or omitted, pursuant to the rules and regulations of the SEC for interim financial reporting. Accordingly, they do not include all the information and
footnotes necessary for a complete presentation of financial position, results of operations, or cash flows. In the opinion of management, the accompanying unaudited condensed financial statements include all adjustments, consisting of a normal
recurring nature, which are necessary for a fair presentation of the financial position, operating results and cash flows for the periods presented. The accompanying unaudited condensed financial statements should be read in conjunction with the Company’s prospectus for its Initial
Public Offering as filed with the SEC on November 16, 2020, as well as the Company’s Current Reports on Form 8-K, as filed with the SEC on November 19, 2020 and November 25, 2020. The
interim results for the period from August 7, 2020 (inception) through September 30, 2020 are not necessarily indicative of the results to be expected for the year ending December 31, 2020 or for any future periods. In connection with the Company’s assessment of going concern considerations in accordance with ASU 2014-15, “Disclosures of Uncertainties about an Entity’s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern,” as of September 30, 2020, management has determined that if the Company is unable to
complete a Business Combination during the Combination Period (as defined in Note 1), then the Company will cease all operations except for the purpose of liquidating. The mandatory liquidation and subsequent dissolution raises substantial doubt
about the Company’s ability to continue as a going concern. No adjustments have been made to the carrying amounts of assets or liabilities should the Company be required to liquidate after the end of business on May 19, 2021. Emerging Growth Company The
Company is an “emerging growth company,” as defined in Section 2(a) of the Securities Act, as modified by the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act of 2012 (the “JOBS Act”), and it may take advantage of certain exemptions from
various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not emerging growth companies including, but not limited to, not being required to comply with the independent registered public accounting firm attestation
requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in its periodic reports and proxy statements, and exemptions from the requirements of holding a nonbinding advisory vote on
executive compensation and stockholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved. 7 Table of Contents ZANITE ACQUISITION CORP. NOTES TO CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS SEPTEMBER 30, 2020 (Unaudited) Further, Section 102(b)(1) of the JOBS Act exempts emerging growth companies from being
required to comply with new or revised financial accounting standards until private companies (that is, those that have not had a Securities Act registration statement declared effective or do not have a class of securities registered under the
Exchange Act) are required to comply with the new or revised financial accounting standards. The JOBS Act provides that a company can elect to opt out of the extended transition period and comply with the requirements that apply to non-emerging growth companies but any such election to opt out is irrevocable. The Company has elected not to opt out of such extended transition period which means that when a standard is issued or revised and it
has different application dates for public or private companies, the Company, as an emerging growth company, can adopt the new or revised standard at the time private companies adopt the new or revised standard. This may make comparison of the
Company’s financial statements with another public company which is neither an emerging growth company nor an emerging growth company which has opted out of using the extended transition period difficult or impossible because of the potential
differences in accounting standards used. Use of Estimates The preparation of condensed financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires the Company’s management to make estimates and
assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Making estimates requires management to exercise significant judgment. It is at least reasonably possible that the estimate of the effect of a
condition, situation or set of circumstances that existed at the date of the financial statements, which management considered in formulating its estimate, could change in the near term due to one or more future confirming events. Accordingly, the
actual results could differ significantly from those estimates. Cash and Cash Equivalents The Company considers all short-term investments with an original maturity of three months or less when purchased to be cash equivalents. The
Company did not have any cash equivalents as of September 30, 2020. Deferred Offering Costs Offering costs consist of legal, accounting, underwriting, and other expenses incurred through the balance sheet date that are directly related
to the Initial Public Offering. Offering costs amounting to $13,143,093 were charged to stockholder’s equity upon the completion of the Initial Public Offering (see Note 1). As of September 30, 2020, there were $132,852 of deferred
offering costs recorded in the accompanying condensed balance sheet. Income Taxes The Company follows the asset and liability method of accounting for income taxes under ASC 740, “Income Taxes.” Deferred tax assets
and liabilities are recognized for the estimated future tax consequences attributable to differences between the financial statements carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases. Deferred tax assets and
liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which those temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled. The effect on deferred tax assets and liabilities of a change in tax
rates is recognized in income in the period that included the enactment date. Valuation allowances are established, when necessary, to reduce deferred tax assets to the amount expected to be realized. ASC 740 prescribes a recognition threshold and a measurement attribute for the financial statement recognition and measurement of tax
positions taken or expected to be taken in a tax return. For those benefits to be recognized, a tax position must be more likely than not to be sustained upon examination by taxing authorities. The Company recognizes accrued interest and penalties
related to unrecognized tax benefits as income tax expense. There were no unrecognized tax benefits and no amounts accrued for interest and penalties as of September 30, 2020. The Company is currently not aware of any issues under review that
could result in significant payments, accruals or material deviation from its position. The Company is subject to income tax examinations by major taxing authorities since inception. The Company may be subject to potential examination by federal, state and city taxing authorities in the areas of income taxes. These
potential examinations may include questioning the timing and amount of deductions, the nexus of income among various tax jurisdictions and compliance with federal, state and city tax laws. The Company’s management does not expect that the
total amount of unrecognized tax benefits will materially change over the next twelve months. The Company is subject to income tax examinations by major taxing authorities since inception. 8 Table of Contents ZANITE ACQUISITION CORP. NOTES TO CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS SEPTEMBER 30, 2020 (Unaudited) Net Loss per Common Share Net loss per share is computed by dividing net loss by the weighted average number of shares of common stock outstanding during the period,
excluding shares of common stock subject to forfeiture. At September 30, 2020, the Company did not have any dilutive securities and other contracts that could, potentially, be exercised or converted into shares of common stock and then share in
the earnings of the Company. As a result, diluted loss per share is the same as basic loss per share for the period presented. Concentration of
Credit Risk Financial instruments that potentially subject the Company to concentrations of credit risk consist of a cash account
in a financial institution, which, at times, may exceed the Federal Depository Insurance Coverage of $250,000. The Company has not experienced losses on this account and management believes the Company is not exposed to significant risks on such
account. Fair Value of Financial Instruments The fair value of the Company’s assets and liabilities, which qualify as financial instruments under ASC 820, “Fair Value
Measurement,” approximates the carrying amounts represented in the accompanying condensed balance sheet, primarily due to their short-term nature. Recent Accounting Standards Management does not believe that any recently issued, but not yet effective, accounting standards, if currently adopted, would have a material
effect on the Company’s condensed financial statements. NOTE 3. INITIAL PUBLIC OFFERING Pursuant to the Initial Public Offering, the Company sold 23,000,000 Units, which includes the full exercise by the underwriters of their
option to purchase an additional 3,000,000 Units, at a price of $10.00 per Unit. Each Unit consists of one share of Class A common stock and one-half of one redeemable warrant (“Public
Warrant”). Each whole Public Warrant entitles the holder to purchase one share of Class A common stock at a price of $11.50 per share, subject to adjustment (see Note 7). NOTE 4. PRIVATE PLACEMENT Simultaneously
with the closing of the Initial Public Offering, the Sponsor purchased an aggregate of 9,650,000 Private Placement Warrants at a price of $1.00 per Private Placement Warrant or $9,650,000. Each Private Placement Warrant is exercisable to purchase
one share of Class A common stock at a price of $11.50 per share, subject to adjustment (see Note 7). The proceeds from the sale of the Private Placement Warrants were added to the net proceeds from the Initial Public Offering held in the
Trust Account. If the Company does not complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period, the proceeds from the sale of the Private Placement Warrants held in the Trust Account will be used to fund the redemption of the Public Shares
(subject to the requirements of applicable law) and the Private Placement Warrants will expire worthless. There will be no redemption rights or liquidating distributions from the Trust Account with respect to the Private Placement Warrants. NOTE 5. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS Founder Shares The Sponsor paid $25,000 to cover certain offering costs of the Company in consideration for 5,750,000 shares of Class B
common stock (the “Founder Shares”). The Founder Shares included an aggregate of up to 750,000 shares subject to forfeiture to the extent that the underwriters’ over-allotment is not exercised in full or in part, so that the number of
Founder Shares will equal, on an as-converted basis, approximately 20% of the Company’s issued and outstanding common stock after the Initial Public Offering. As a result of the underwriter’s
election to fully exercise their over-allotment option, the Founder Shares are no longer subject to forfeiture. The Sponsor has agreed,
subject to limited exceptions, not to transfer, assign or sell any of the Founder Shares until the earlier to occur of: (A) one year after the completion of a Business Combination and (B) subsequent to a Business Combination, (x) if
the closing price of the Class A common stock equals or exceeds $12.00 per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock capitalizations, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing at least 150 days after a Business Combination, or (y) the date on which the Company completes a liquidation, merger, capital stock exchange or other similar transaction
that results in all of the Public Stockholders having the right to exchange their shares of common stock for cash, securities or other property. 9 Table of Contents ZANITE ACQUISITION CORP. NOTES TO CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS SEPTEMBER 30, 2020 (Unaudited) Administrative Services Agreement The Company entered into an administrative services agreement, commencing on November 19, 2020 through the earlier of the Company’s
consummation of a Business Combination or its liquidation, to pay to the Sponsor a total of $10,000 per month for office space, secretarial and administrative services provided to members of the Company’s management team. Promissory Notes — Related Party On August 7, 2020, the Sponsor issued an unsecured promissory note to the Company (the “Promissory Note”), pursuant to which the
Company could borrow up to an aggregate principal amount of $300,000. The Promissory Note was non-interest bearing and payable on the earlier of (i) December 31, 2020 or (ii) the consummation of the
Initial Public Offering. As of September 30, 2020, there was $60,000 outstanding under the Promissory Note. The outstanding balance under the Promissory Note of $93,093 was subsequently repaid on November 23, 2020. Related Party Loans In order to
finance transaction costs in connection with a Business Combination, the Sponsor or an affiliate of the Sponsor, or certain of the Company’s officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, loan the Company funds as may be required
(“Working Capital Loans”). If the Company completes a Business Combination, the Company would repay the Working Capital Loans out of the proceeds of the Trust Account released to the Company. Otherwise, the Working Capital Loans would be
repaid only out of funds held outside the Trust Account. In the event that a Business Combination does not close, the Company may use a portion of proceeds held outside the Trust Account to repay the Working Capital Loans, but no proceeds held in
the Trust Account would be used to repay the Working Capital Loans. Except for the foregoing, the terms of such Working Capital Loans, if any, have not been determined and no written agreements exist with respect to such loans. The Working Capital
Loans would either be repaid upon consummation of a Business Combination, without interest, or, at the lender’s discretion, up to $1,500,000 of such Working Capital Loans may be convertible into warrants of the post-Business Combination entity
at a price of $1.00 per warrant. The warrants would be identical to the Private Placement Warrants. As of September 30, 2020, no amounts were outstanding under the Working Capital Loans. NOTE 6. COMMITMENTS Risks and Uncertainties Management continues to evaluate the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on the industry and
has concluded that while it is reasonably possible that the virus could have a negative effect on the Company’s financial position, results of its operations and/or search for a target company, the specific impact is not readily determinable as
of the date of these financial statements. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. Registration and Stockholder Rights Pursuant to a registration rights agreement entered into on November 16, 2020, the holders of the Founder Shares, Private Placement
Warrants and warrants that may be issued upon conversion of Working Capital Loans (and any Class A common stock issuable upon the exercise of the Private Placement Warrants and warrants that may be issued upon conversion of Working Capital
Loans and upon conversion of the Founder Shares) will be entitled to registration rights requiring the Company to register such securities for resale. The holders of these securities are entitled to make up to three demands, excluding short form
demands, that the Company register such securities. In addition, the holders have certain “piggy-back” registration rights with respect to registration statements filed subsequent to the completion of a Business Combination. The
registration rights agreement does not contain liquidating damages or other cash settlement provisions resulting from delays in registering the Company’s securities. The Company will bear the expenses incurred in connection with the filing of
any such registration statements. Underwriting Agreement The underwriters are entitled to a deferred fee of $0.35 per Unit, or $8,050,000 in the aggregate. The deferred fee will become payable to
the underwriters from the amounts held in the Trust Account solely in the event that the Company completes a Business Combination, subject to the terms of the underwriting agreement. NOTE 7. STOCKHOLDER’S EQUITY Preferred Stock —The Company is authorized to issue 1,000,000 shares of preferred stock with a par value of $0.0001 per share
with such designations, voting and other rights and preferences as may be determined from time to time by the Company’s board of directors. At September 30, 2020, there were no shares of preferred stock issued or outstanding. 10 Table of Contents ZANITE ACQUISITION CORP. NOTES TO CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS SEPTEMBER 30, 2020 (Unaudited) Class A Common Stock —The Company is
authorized to issue 100,000,000 shares of Class A common stock with a par value of $0.0001 per share. Holders of Class A common stock are entitled to one vote for each share. At September 30, 2020, there were no shares of Class A
common stock issued or outstanding. Class B Common Stock —The Company is authorized to
issue 10,000,000 shares of Class B common stock with a par value of $0.0001 per share. Holders of Class B common stock are entitled to one vote for each share. At September 30, 2020, there were 5,750,000 shares of Class B common
stock issued and outstanding. Holders of Class A common stock and holders of Class B common stock will vote together as a
single class on all matters submitted to a vote of our shareholders except as otherwise required by law. The shares of Class B
common stock will automatically convert into Class A common stock concurrently with or immediately following the consummation of a Business Combination on a one-for-one basis, subject to adjustment. In the case that additional shares of Class A common stock, or equity-linked securities, are issued or deemed issued in
connection with a Business Combination, the number of shares of Class A common stock issuable upon conversion of all shares of Class B common stock will equal, in the aggregate, on an as-converted basis, 20% of the sum of the total number of all shares of Class A common stock outstanding after such conversion (after giving effect to any redemptions of shares of
Class A common stock by Public Stockholders), including the total number of shares of Class A common stock issued, or deemed issued or issuable upon conversion or exercise of any equity-linked securities or rights issued or deemed issued,
by the Company in connection with or in relation to the consummation of a Business Combination, excluding any shares of Class A common stock or equity-linked securities or rights exercisable for or convertible into shares of Class A common
stock issued, or to be issued, to any seller in a Business Combination and any Private Placement Warrants issued to the Sponsor, officers or directors upon conversion of working capital loans, provided that such conversion of Founder Shares will
never occur on a less than one-for-one basis. Warrants —Public Warrants may only be exercised for a whole number of shares. No fractional warrants will be issued upon
separation of the Units and only whole warrants will trade. The Public Warrants will become exercisable on the later of (a) 30 days after the completion of a Business Combination and (b) 12 months from the closing of the Initial Public
Offering. The Public Warrants will expire five years after the completion of a Business Combination or earlier upon redemption or liquidation. The Company will not be obligated to deliver any shares of Class A common stock pursuant to the exercise of a warrant and will have no
obligation to settle such warrant exercise unless a registration statement under the Securities Act covering the issuance of the shares of Class A common stock underlying the warrants is then effective and a prospectus relating thereto is
current, subject to the Company satisfying its obligations with respect to registration. No warrant will be exercisable and the Company will not be obligated to issue shares of Class A common stock upon exercise of a warrant unless Class A
common stock issuable upon such warrant exercise has been registered, qualified or deemed to be exempt under the securities laws of the state of residence of the registered holder of the warrants. The Company has agreed that as soon as practicable, but in no event later than 15 business days after the closing of a Business Combination,
the Company will use its best efforts to file with the SEC a registration statement for the registration, under the Securities Act, of the Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants. The Company will use its best efforts to
cause the same to become effective and to maintain the effectiveness of such registration statement and a current prospectus relating thereto, until the expiration of the warrants in accordance with the provisions of the warrant agreement. If a
registration statement covering the shares of Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants is not effective by the sixtieth (60th) business day after the closing of a Business Combination, warrant holders may, until such time as
there is an effective registration statement and during any period when the Company will have failed to maintain an effective registration statement, exercise warrants on a “cashless basis” in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the
Securities Act or another exemption. Notwithstanding the above, if the Class A common stock are at the time of any exercise of a warrant not listed on a national securities exchange such that they satisfy the definition of a “covered
security” under Section 18(b)(1) of the Securities Act, the Company may, at its option, require holders of Public Warrants who exercise their warrants to do so on a “cashless basis” in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the
Securities Act and, in the event the Company so elects, it will not be required to file or maintain in effect a registration statement, and in the event the Company does not so elect, it will use its best efforts to register or qualify the shares
under applicable blue sky laws to the extent an exemption is not available. Once the warrants become exercisable, the Company may redeem
for cash the outstanding Public Warrants: • | in whole and not in part; • | at a price of $0.01 per Public Warrant; • | upon not less than 30 days’ prior written notice of redemption to each warrant holder; and 11 Table of Contents ZANITE ACQUISITION CORP. NOTES TO CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS SEPTEMBER 30, 2020 (Unaudited) • | if, and only if, the closing price of the common stock equals or exceeds $18.00 per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within a 30-trading day period ending three business days before the Company sends the notice of redemption to warrant holders. If and when the warrants become redeemable by the Company, the Company may exercise its
redemption right even if it is unable to register or qualify the underlying securities for sale under all applicable state securities laws. If the Company calls the Public Warrants for redemption, management will have the option to require all holders that wish to exercise the
Public Warrants to do so on a “cashless basis,” as described in the warrant agreement. The exercise price and number of shares of Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants may be adjusted in certain circumstances
including in the event of a stock dividend, or recapitalization, reorganization, merger or consolidation. However, except as described below, the warrants will not be adjusted for issuance of Class A common stock at a price below its exercise
price. Additionally, in no event will the Company be required to net cash settle the warrants. If the Company is unable to complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period and the Company liquidates the funds held in the Trust Account,
holders of warrants will not receive any of such funds with respect to their warrants, nor will they receive any distribution from the Company’s assets held outside of the Trust Account with the respect to such warrants. Accordingly, the
warrants may expire worthless. In addition, if (x) the Company issues additional shares of Class A common stock or
equity-linked securities for capital raising purposes in connection with the closing of a Business Combination at an issue price or effective issue price of less than $9.20 per share of Class A common stock (with such issue price or effective
issue price to be determined in good faith by the Company’s board of directors, and, in the case of any such issuance to the Sponsor or its affiliates, without taking into account any Founder Shares held by the Sponsor or its affiliates, as
applicable, prior to such issuance) (the “Newly Issued Price”), (y) the aggregate gross proceeds from such issuances represent more than 60% of the total equity proceeds, and interest thereon, available for the funding of a Business
Combination on the date of the completion of a Business Combination (net of redemptions), and (z) the volume weighted average trading price of the Company’s Class A common stock during the 20 trading day period starting on the trading
day prior to the day on which the Company completes a Business Combination (such price, the “Market Value”) is below $9.20 per share, the exercise price of the warrants will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to 115% of the
higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price, and the $18.00 per share redemption trigger price will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to 180% of the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price. The Private Placement Warrants are identical to the Public Warrants underlying the Units sold in the Initial Public Offering, except that the
Private Placement Warrants and the Class A common stock issuable upon the exercise of the Private Placement Warrants will not be transferable, assignable or saleable until 30 days after the completion of a Business Combination, subject to
certain limited exceptions. Additionally, the Private Placement Warrants will be exercisable on a cashless basis and be non-redeemable, except as described above, so long as they are held by the initial
purchasers or their permitted transferees. If the Private Placement Warrants are held by someone other than the initial purchasers or their permitted transferees, the Private Placement Warrants will be redeemable by the Company and exercisable by
such holders on the same basis as the Public Warrants. NOTE 8. SUBSEQUENT EVENTS The Company evaluated subsequent events and transactions that occurred after the balance sheet date up to the date that the financial
statements were issued. Other than as described in these financial statements, the Company did not identify any subsequent events that would have required adjustment or disclosure in the financial statements. 12 Table of Contents ITEM 2. | MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS References in this report (the “Quarterly Report”) to “we,” “us” or the “Company” refer to
Zanite Acquisition Corp. References to our “management” or our “management team” refer to our officers and directors, and references to the “Sponsor” refer to Zanite Sponsor LLC. The following discussion and analysis of
the Company’s financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with the financial statements and the notes thereto contained elsewhere in this Quarterly Report. Certain information contained in the discussion and
analysis set forth below includes forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements This Quarterly Report includes “forward-looking statements” within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended
(the “Securities Act”) and Section 21E of the Exchange Act that are not historical facts, and involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expected and projected. All statements,
other than statements of historical fact included in this Form 10-Q including, without limitation, statements in this “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of
Operations” regarding the Company’s financial position, business strategy and the plans and objectives of management for future operations, are forward-looking statements. Words such as “expect,” “believe,”
“anticipate,” “intend,” “estimate,” “seek” and variations and similar words and expressions are intended to identify such forward-looking statements. Such forward-looking statements relate to future events or
future performance, but reflect management’s current beliefs, based on information currently available. A number of factors could cause actual events, performance or results to differ materially from the events, performance and results
discussed in the forward-looking statements. For information identifying important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those anticipated in the forward-looking statements, please refer to the Risk Factors section of the
Company’s final prospectus for its Initial Public Offering filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”). The Company’s securities filings can be accessed on the EDGAR section of the SEC’s website at
www.sec.gov. Except as expressly required by applicable securities law, the Company disclaims any intention or obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. Overview We are a blank check company formed under the
laws of the State of Delaware on August 7, 2020 for the purpose of effecting a merger, capital stock exchange, asset acquisition, stock purchase, reorganization or other similar Business Combination with one or more businesses. We intend to
effectuate our Business Combination using cash from the proceeds of the Initial Public Offering and the sale of the Private Placement Warrants, our capital stock, debt or a combination of cash, stock and debt. We expect to continue to incur significant costs in the pursuit of our acquisition plans. We cannot assure you that our plans to complete a Business
Combination will be successful. Results of Operations We have neither engaged in any operations (other than searching for a Business Combination after our Initial Public Offering) nor generated any revenues to
date. Our only activities from inception through September 30, 2020 were organizational activities, those necessary to prepare for the Initial Public Offering, described below. We do not expect to generate any operating revenues until after the
completion of our Business Combination. We expect to generate non-operating income in the form of interest income on marketable securities held after the Initial Public Offering. We incur expenses as a result
of being a public company (for legal, financial reporting, accounting and auditing compliance), as well as for due diligence expenses. For the period
from August 7, 2020 (inception) through September 30, 2020, we had a net loss of $1,000, which consisted of formation costs. Liquidity and
Capital Resources As of September 30, 2020, we had no cash. Until the consummation of the Initial Public Offering, our only source of liquidity
was an initial purchase of common stock by the Sponsor and loans from our Sponsor. Subsequent to the quarterly period covered by this Quarterly Report,
on November 19, 2020, we consummated the Initial Public Offering of 23,000,00 Units, which included the full exercise by the underwriters of their over-allotment option in the amount of 3,000,000 Units, at a price of $10.00 per Unit, generating
gross proceeds of $230,000,000. Simultaneously with the closing of the Initial Public Offering, we consummated the sale of 9,650,000 Private Placement Warrants at a price of $1.00 per Private Placement Warrant in a private placement to our
stockholders, generating gross proceeds of $9,650,000. Following the Initial Public Offering, the full exercise of the over-allotment option, and the
sale of the Private Placement Warrants, a total of $232,300,000 was placed in the Trust Account. We incurred $13,143,093 in transaction costs, including $4,600,000 of underwriting fees, $8,050,000 of deferred underwriting fees and $493,093 of other
offering costs. 13 Table of Contents We intend to use substantially all of the funds held in the Trust Account, including any amounts
representing interest earned on the Trust Account to complete our Business Combination. We may withdraw interest to pay taxes. To the extent that our capital stock or debt is used, in whole or in part, as consideration to complete our Business
Combination, the remaining proceeds held in the Trust Account will be used as working capital to finance the operations of the target business or businesses, make other acquisitions and pursue our growth strategies. We intend to use the funds held outside the Trust Account primarily to identify and evaluate target businesses, perform business due diligence on prospective
target businesses, travel to and from the offices, plants or similar locations of prospective target businesses or their representatives or owners, review corporate documents and material agreements of prospective target businesses, and structure,
negotiate and complete a Business Combination. In order to fund working capital deficiencies or finance transaction costs in connection with a Business
Combination, our Sponsor or an affiliate of our Sponsor or certain of our officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, loan us funds as may be required. If we complete a Business Combination, we may repay such loaned amounts out of the
proceeds of the Trust Account released to us. In the event that a Business Combination does not close, we may use a portion of the working capital held outside the Trust Account to repay such loaned amounts, but no proceeds from our Trust Account
would be used for such repayment. Up to $1,500,000 of such loans may be convertible into warrants, at a price of $1.00 per warrant, at the option of the lender. The warrants would be identical to the Private Placement Warrants. We do not believe we will need to raise additional funds in order to meet the expenditures required for operating our business. However, if our estimate of
the costs of identifying a target business, undertaking in-depth due diligence and negotiating a Business Combination are less than the actual amount necessary to do so, we may have insufficient funds
available to operate our business prior to our Business Combination. Moreover, we may need to obtain additional financing either to complete our Business Combination or because we become obligated to redeem a significant number of our public shares
upon consummation of our Business Combination, in which case we may issue additional securities or incur debt in connection with such Business Combination. Subject to compliance with applicable securities laws, we would only complete such financing
simultaneously with the completion of our Business Combination. If we are unable to complete our Business Combination because we do not have sufficient funds available to us, we will be forced to cease operations and liquidate the Trust Account. In
addition, following our Business Combination, if cash on hand is insufficient, we may need to obtain additional financing in order to meet our obligations. Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements We did not have any off-balance sheet arrangements as of September 30, 2020. Contractual Obligations We do not have any long-term
debt, capital lease obligations, operating lease obligations or long-term liabilities, other than an agreement the Sponsor a monthly fee of $10,000 for office space, secretarial and administrative services. We began incurring these fees on
November 19, 2020 and will continue to incur these fees monthly until the earlier of the completion of the Business Combination and our liquidation. The underwriters are entitled to a deferred fee of $0.35 per Unit, or $8,050,000 in the aggregate. The deferred fee will become payable to the underwriters
from the amounts held in the Trust Account solely in the event that we complete a Business Combination, subject to the terms of the underwriting agreement. Pursuant to a registration rights agreement entered into on November 16, 2020, the holders of the Founder Shares, Private Placement Warrants and warrants
that may be issued upon conversion of Working Capital Loans (and any Class A common stock issuable upon the exercise of the Private Placement Warrants and warrants that may be issued upon conversion of Working Capital Loans and upon conversion
of the Founder Shares) will be entitled to registration rights requiring us to register such securities for resale. The holders of these securities are entitled to make up to three demands, excluding short form demands, that we register such
securities. In addition, the holders have certain “piggy-back” registration rights with respect to registration statements filed subsequent to the completion of a Business Combination. The registration rights agreement does not contain
liquidating damages or other cash settlement provisions resulting from delays in registering our securities. We will bear the expenses incurred in connection with the filing of any such registration statements. Critical Accounting Policies The preparation of
condensed financial statements and related disclosures in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and
liabilities, disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements, and income and expenses during the periods reported. Actual results could materially differ from those estimates. We have not identified any
critical accounting policies. 14 Table of Contents Recent Accounting Standards Management does not believe that any recently issued, but not yet effective, accounting standards, if currently adopted, would have a material effect on our
condensed financial statements. Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk As of September 30, 2020, we were not subject to any market or interest rate risk. Following the consummation of our Initial Public Offering, the net
proceeds of our Initial Public Offering, including amounts in the Trust Account, have been invested in U.S. government treasury obligations with a maturity of 185 days or less or in certain money market funds that invest solely in U.S. treasuries.
Due to the short-term nature of these investments, we believe there will be no associated material exposure to interest rate risk. Item 4. Controls and Procedures Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures Disclosure controls and procedures are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in our Exchange Act reports is recorded, processed,
summarized, and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC’s rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer or
persons performing similar functions, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Under the supervision and with the
participation of our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial and accounting officer, we conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the fiscal quarter
ended September 30, 2020, as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act. Based on this evaluation, our principal executive officer
and principal financial and accounting officer have concluded that during the period covered by this report, our disclosure controls and procedures were effective at a reasonable assurance level and, accordingly, provided reasonable assurance that
the information required to be disclosed by us in reports filed under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC’s rules and forms. Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting There was no change in our internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the fiscal quarter of 2020 covered by this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. PART II - OTHER INFORMATION Item 1. Legal Proceedings. None. Item 1A. Risk Factors. Except as set forth below, as of the date of this Quarterly Report, there have been no material changes with respect to those risk factors previously
disclosed in our Registration Statement filed with the SEC. Any of these factors could result in a significant or material adverse effect on our results of operations or financial condition. Additional risk factors not presently known to us or that
we currently deem immaterial may also impair our business or results of operations. The securities in which we invest the funds held in the Trust
Account could bear a negative rate of interest, which could reduce the value of the assets held in trust such that the per-share redemption amount received by public stockholders may be less than $10.00 per
share. The proceeds held in the Trust Account are invested only in U.S. government treasury obligations with a maturity of 185 days or less or in
money market funds meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 under the Investment Company Act, which invest only in direct U.S. government treasury obligations. While short-term U.S. government treasury
obligations currently yield a positive rate of interest, they have briefly yielded negative interest rates in recent years. Central banks in Europe and Japan pursued interest rates below zero in recent years, and the Open Market Committee of the
Federal Reserve has not ruled out the possibility that it may in the future adopt similar policies in the United States. In the event that we are unable to complete our initial business combination or make certain amendments to our Amended and
Restated Certificate of Incorporation, our public stockholders are entitled to receive their pro-rata share of the proceeds held in the Trust Account, plus any interest income not released to us, net of taxes
payable. Negative interest rates could impact the per-share redemption amount that may be received by public stockholders. 15 Table of Contents Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds. On November 19, 2020, we consummated the Initial Public Offering of 23,000,000 Units, inclusive of 3,000,000 Units sold to the underwriters upon
the underwriters’ election to fully exercise their over-allotment option, at a price of $10.00 per Unit, generating total gross proceeds of $230,000,000. BTIG, LLC acted as sole book-running manager of the Initial Public Offering. The
securities in the offering were registered under the Securities Act on a registration statement on Form S-1 (No. 333-349618). The Securities and Exchange Commission
declared the registration statement effective on November 16, 2020. Simultaneous with the consummation of the Initial Public Offering and the full
exercise of the over-allotment option, we consummated the private placement of an aggregate of 9,650,000 warrants at a price of $1.00 per Private Placement Warrant, generating total proceed of $9,650,000. The issuance was made pursuant to the
exemption from registration contained in Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act. The Private Placement Warrants are identical to the warrants
underlying the Units sold in the Initial Public Offering, except that the Private Placement Warrants are not transferable, assignable or salable until 30 days after the completion of a Business Combination, subject to certain limited exceptions. Of the gross proceeds received from the Initial Public Offering including the over-allotment option, and the Private Placement Warrants, $232,300,000 was
placed in the Trust Account. We paid a total of $4,600,000 in underwriting discounts and commissions and $493,093 for other offering costs related to the
Initial Public Offering. In addition, the underwriters agreed to defer $8,050,000 in underwriting discounts and commissions. Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities. None. Item 4. Mine Safety
Disclosures. Not Applicable. Item 5. Other Information. None. 16 Table of Contents Item 6. Exhibits The following exhibits are filed as part of, or incorporated by reference into, this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. No. | Description of Exhibit
1.1 | Underwriting Agreement, dated November 16, 2020, by and between the Company and BTIG, LLC, as representative of the underwriters. (1)
3.1 | Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation. (1)
4.1 | Warrant Agreement, dated November 16, 2020, by and between the Company and Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company, as warrant agent. (1)
10.1 | Letter Agreement, dated November 16, 2020, by and among the Company, its executive officers, its directors and Zanite Sponsor LLC. (1)
10.2 | Investment Management Trust Agreement, dated November 16, 2020, by and between the Company and Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company, as trustee. (1)
10.3 | Registration Rights Agreement, dated November 16, 2020, by and among the Company, Zanite Sponsor LLC and the holders party thereto. (1)
10.4 | Private Placement Warrants Purchase Agreement, dated November 16, 2020, by and between the Company and Zanite Sponsor LLC. (1)
10.5 | Administrative Services Agreement, dated November 16, 2020, by and between the Company and Zanite Sponsor LLC. (1)
31.1* | Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to Securities Exchange Act Rules 13a-14(a) and 15(d)-14(a), as adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
31.2* | Certification of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to Securities Exchange Act Rules 13a-14(a) and 15(d)-14(a), as adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
32.1** | Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
32.2** | Certification of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
101.INS*** | XBRL Instance Document
101.CAL*** | XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document
101.SCH*** | XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document
101.DEF*** | XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document
101.LAB*** | XBRL Taxonomy Extension Labels Linkbase Document
101.PRE*** | XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document * | Filed herewith. ** | Furnished. *** | To be filed by amendment. (1) | Previously filed as an exhibit to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on November 19, 2020 and incorporated by reference herein. 17 Table of Contents SIGNATURES In accordance with the requirements of the Exchange Act, the registrant caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned,
thereunto duly authorized. ZANITE ACQUISITION CORP.
Date: December 23, 2020 | By: | /s/ Steven H. Rosen
Name: | Steven H. Rosen
Title: | Co-Chief Executive Officer
(Principal Executive Officer)
Date: December 23, 2020 | By: | /s/ Michael A. Rossi
Name: | Michael A. Rossi
Title: | Chief Financial Officer
(Principal Financial Officer) 18