8-K Science Applications International Corp false 0001571123 0001571123 2020-03-04 2020-03-04 UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 Form 8-K CURRENT REPORT Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported): March 4, 2020 Science Applications International Corporation (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) Delaware | 001-35832 | 46-1932921
(State or other Jurisdiction of Incorporation) | (Commission File Number) | (IRS Employer Identification No.) 12010 Sunset Hills Road , Reston , VA 20190 (Address of Principal Executive Offices) (Zip Code) (703) 676-4300 Registrant’s telephone number, including area code Not Applicable (Former name or former address if changed since last report) Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions: ☐ | Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425) ☐ | Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12) ☐ | Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b)) ☐ | Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c)) Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Title of each class | Trading Symbol(s) | Name of each exchange on which registered
Common Stock, par value $.0001 per share | SAIC | New York Stock Exchange Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (§230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (§240.12b-2 of this chapter). Emerging growth company ☐ If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. ☐ Item 8.01 | Other Events. On March 4, 2020, Science Applications International Corporation (the “Company”) issued a press release announcing the pricing of a private offering to eligible purchasers of $400.0 million aggregate principal amount of 4.875% Senior Notes due 2028 (the “Notes”). The Company intends to use the net proceeds from this offering of Notes, cash on its balance sheet, borrowings under its credit facility and proceeds from the sale of receivables under its receivable factoring facility to finance the acquisition of substantially all of the assets and liabilities of the Unisys Federal operating unit of Unisys Corporation (the “Acquisition”) and to pay related fees and expenses, with any remaining net proceeds being used for general corporate purposes. In accordance with Rule 135c of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”), a copy of this press release is being filed as Exhibit 99.1 to this Current Report on Form 8-K. Accordingly, this notice is not intended to and does not constitute an offer to sell nor a solicitation for an offer to purchase any securities of the Company. The Notes have not been registered under the Securities Act or any state securities laws and may not be offered or sold in the United States absent registration or an applicable exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act and any applicable state securities laws. Item 9.01. | Financial Statements and Exhibits. (d) Exhibits. Exhibit Number | Description of Exhibit
99.1 | Press Release, dated March 4, 2020.
104 | Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document). Forward-Looking Statements This report contains forward-looking statements that are based on management’s belief and assumptions about the future in light of information currently available to the Company’s management. In some cases, forward-looking statements can be identified by words such as “may,” “will,” “should,” “expects,” “projects,” “intends,” “plans,” “anticipates,” “believes,” “estimates,” “predicts,” “potential,” “continue,” “outlook” and similar words or phrases or the negative of these words or phrases. These statements relate to future events or the Company’s future financial performance, and involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause the Company’s actual results, levels of activity, performance or achievements to be materially different from any future results, levels of activity, performance or achievements expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. Although the Company’s management believes that the expectations reflected in the forward-looking statements are reasonable when made, the Company cannot guarantee future results, levels of activity, performance or achievements. There are a number of important factors that could cause the Company’s actual results to differ materially from those results anticipated by the forward-looking statements, which include, but are not limited to, the following factors: failure to complete the notes offering, the Acquisition or any related financings within the expected timeframe or at all; difficulties in integrating Unisys Federal’s business with the Company’s business; disruptions in the Company’s and Unisys Federal’s businesses as a result of the announcement and pendency of the Acquisition; liabilities that Unisys Federal may have that are not known, probable or estimable at this time; harm to the Company’s reputation or relationship with U.S. government agencies, which are the Company’s primary customers; a decline in the U.S. government defense budget, changes in spending or budgetary priorities, the failure to approve U.S. government budgets on a timely basis or delays in contracts awards and other procurement activity; failure to comply with a variety of complex procurement rules and regulations; the U.S. government’s adoption of new contract rules and regulations or revision of its procurement practices; unfavorable resolution of reviews, audits and cost adjustments by the U.S. government; the termination, cancellation, modification or curtailment of U.S. government contracts; failure to attract, train, retain and utilize skilled employees and the Company’s senior management team; inability to successfully integrate the business of Engility Holdings, Inc. with the Company’s business or realize the anticipated benefits of the merger in the expected time frame, or at all; any requirement to take write-downs or write-offs, restructuring and impairment or other charges; limitations on the Company’s use of net operating loss carryforwards and other tax attributes to offset future taxable income; an adverse change in the Company’s mix of contracts or the Company’s failure to accurately estimate and manage costs, time and resources; cyber or other security threats; customer system failures; legal disputes; a violation of legal and regulatory requirements by the Company’s employees, subcontractors, agents or business partners; impairment of the Company’s goodwill or intangible assets; inability to maintain teaming arrangements and relationships with other contractors and subcontractors; failure to adequately protect the Company’s proprietary information and intellectual property rights; and any improper handling or disposal of hazardous substances or dangerous materials. The Company does not undertake any obligation to update or revise any of the forward-looking statements to reflect events, circumstances, changes in expectations, or the occurrence of unanticipated events after the date of those statements or to conform these statements to actual results. SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized. Date: March 4, 2020 Science Applications International Corporation By: | /s/ Steven G. Mahon
Steven G. Mahon
Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Corporate Secretary