false Luminar Technologies, Inc./DE 0001758057 LAZRQ 0001758057 2026-02-18 2026-02-18 UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 FORM 8-K CURRENT REPORT Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported): February 18, 2026 LUMINAR TECHNOLOGIES, INC. (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) Delaware | 001-38791 | 83-1804317
(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation) | (Commission File Number) | (IRS Employer Identification No.) 151 Gibraltar Court Sunnyvale , California 94089 (Address of principal executive offices, including zip code) Registrant’s telephone number, including area code: ( 800 ) 532-2417 N/A (Former name or former address, if changed since last report.) Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of
 the following provisions: ☐ | Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425) ☐ | Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12) ☐ | Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b)) ☐ | Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c)) Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Title of each class | Trading symbol | Name of each exchange on which registered
Class A Common Stock, par value of $0.0001 per share (1) | ( 1 ) | (1) (1) | On January 23, 2026, the Nasdaq Stock Market LLC (“ Nasdaq ”) filed a Form 25 to delist the Class A Common Stock, par value $0.0001, of Luminar Technologies, Inc. (the “ Common Stock ”) from Nasdaq. The deregistration of the Common Stock under Section 12(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, will be effective 90 days, or such shorter period as the Securities and Exchange Commission may determine, after the filing of the Form 25. The Common Stock previously began trading on the OTC Pink Limited Market on December 24, 2025 under the symbol “LAZRQ”. Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (§230.405 of this
 chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (§240.12b-2 of this chapter). Emerging growth company ☐ If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any
 new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. ☐ Item 7.01 | Regulation FD Disclosure. As previously disclosed, Luminar Technologies, Inc. (the “ Company ”) and certain of its
 subsidiaries (collectively, the “ Debtors ”) filed voluntary petitions (the “ Bankruptcy Petitions ”) for relief under chapter 11 of
 title 11 of the United States Code (the “ Bankruptcy Code ”) in the United States Bankruptcy Court for the Southern District of Texas (the “ Bankruptcy


 Court ”) on December 15, 2025 and December 31, 2025, thereby commencing chapter 11 cases (the “ Chapter 11 Cases ”). The Chapter 11 Cases are being jointly administered under
 Case No. 25-90807 (CML). On December 30, 2025, January 29, 2026, February 17, 2026, and February 18, 2026, the Debtors filed with the Bankruptcy Court proposed versions of
 the Chapter 11 Plan of Liquidation of Luminar Technologies, Inc. and its Affiliated Debtors and related disclosure statement. On February 18, 2026, the Bankruptcy Court held a hearing to consider approval of the proposed disclosure statement and thereafter entered an order
 (the “ Order ”) with respect thereto. Following entry of the Order, on February 18, 2026, the Debtors filed the solicitation version of the Third Amended Chapter 11 Plan of Liquidation
 of Luminar Technologies, Inc. and Its Affiliated Debtors (the “ Third Amended Plan ”) and a related Disclosure Statement for the Third Amended Plan (the “ Disclosure Statement ”) with the Bankruptcy Court. The Order, among other things, authorizes the Debtors to solicit votes to accept or reject the Third Amended Plan. The Third Amended Plan provides for the liquidation of the Debtors’ remaining assets (the “ Liquidation ”)


 and the distribution of the proceeds thereof to its stakeholders. The Disclosure Statement describes, among other things, the Third Amended Plan, the Liquidation, the events leading up to the Chapter 11 Cases, the global settlement reached between
 the Debtors, an ad hoc group of the Debtors’ secured noteholders, and the official committee of unsecured creditors appointed in the Chapter 11 Cases, certain events that have occurred or are anticipated to occur during the Chapter 11 Cases,
 including the anticipated solicitation of votes to approve the Third Amended Plan from certain of the Debtors’ creditors, and certain other aspects of the Liquidation. Although the Debtors intend to pursue the Liquidation in accordance with the terms set forth in the Third Amended Plan, there can be no assurance
 that the Third Amended Plan will be approved by the Bankruptcy Court or that the Debtors will be successful in consummating the Liquidation or any other similar transaction on the terms set forth in the Third Amended Plan, on different terms or at
 all. This Current Report on Form 8-K is not a solicitation of votes to accept or reject the Third Amended Plan. Any such solicitation will be made pursuant to and in accordance with the Order and applicable law. Copies of the Third Amended Plan and Disclosure Statement are attached as Exhibits 99.1 and 99.2, respectively, to this Current Report on Form 8-K.
 The foregoing description of the Third Amended Plan and Disclosure Statement is a summary only and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the Third Amended Plan and Disclosure Statement. 2 Cautionary Statements Regarding Trading in the Company’s Securities The Company’s securityholders are cautioned that trading in the Company’s securities during the pendency of the Chapter 11 Cases is highly speculative and poses
 substantial risks. Trading prices for the Company’s securities may bear little or no relationship to the actual recovery, if any, by holders thereof in the Chapter 11 Cases. Accordingly, the Company urges extreme caution with respect to existing and
 future investments in its securities. In particular, the Company expects that its equityholders will experience a complete loss on their investment upon approval and implementation of the Third Amended Plan. Forward-Looking Statements This Current Report on Form 8-K contains certain “forward-looking statements.” All statements other than statements of historical fact are
 “forward-looking” statements for purposes of the U.S. federal and state securities laws, including the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements may be identified by the use of forward-looking terminology such as
 “anticipate,” “believe,” “continue,” “could,” “estimate,” “expect,” “intend,” “may,” “might,” “our vision,” “plan,” “potential,” “preliminary,” “predict,” “should,” “will,” or “would” or the negative thereof or other variations thereof or comparable
 terminology. These forward-looking statements are subject to a number of factors and uncertainties that could cause the Company’s actual results to differ materially from those expressed in or contemplated by the forward-looking statements. Such
 factors include, but are not limited to, risks attendant to the bankruptcy process, including the Company’s ability to obtain court approval from the Bankruptcy Court with respect to motions or other requests made to the Bankruptcy Court throughout
 the course of the Chapter 11 Cases, including, without limitation, the Third Amended Plan; the effects of the Chapter 11 Cases, including increased legal and other professional costs necessary to execute the Company’s liquidation, on the Company’s
 liquidity (including the availability of operating capital during the pendency of the Chapter 11 Cases); the effects of the Chapter 11 Cases on the interests of various constituents and financial stakeholders; the length of time that the Company will
 operate under Chapter 11 protection and the continued availability of operating capital during the pendency of the Chapter 11 Cases; objections to the Company’s liquidation process or other pleadings filed that could protract the Chapter 11 Cases;
 risks associated with third-party motions in the Chapter 11 Cases; Bankruptcy Court rulings in the Chapter 11 Cases and the outcome of the Chapter 11 Cases in general; the Company’s ability to comply with the restrictions imposed by the terms and
 conditions of its financing arrangements; employee attrition and the Company’s ability to retain senior management and other key personnel due to the distractions and uncertainties; the Company’s ability to maintain relationships with suppliers,
 customers, employees and other third parties and regulatory authorities as a result of the Chapter 11 Cases; the impact and timing of any cost-savings measures and related local law requirements in various jurisdictions; finalization of the Company’s
 annual and quarterly financial statements; risks relating to the delisting of the Common Stock from Nasdaq and trading of the Common Stock on the OTC Markets; the impact of litigation and regulatory proceedings; and other factors discussed in the
 Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q and other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the “ SEC ”). These risks and uncertainties may cause the
 Company’s actual results, performance, liquidity or achievements to differ materially from any future results, performance, liquidity or achievements expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. For a further list and description of such
 risks and uncertainties, please refer to the Company’s filings with the SEC that are available at www.sec.gov. The Company cautions you that the list of important factors included in the Company’s SEC filings may not contain all of the material
 factors that are important to you. In addition, in light of these risks and uncertainties, the matters referred to in the forward-looking statements contained in this report may not in fact occur. The Company undertakes no obligation to publicly
 update or revise any forward-looking statement as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as otherwise required by law. 3 Item 9.01 | Financial Statements and Exhibits. (d) Exhibits Exhibit Number | Description
99.1 | Third Amended Chapter 11 Plan of Liquidation of Luminar Technologies, Inc. and its Affiliated Debtors, dated February 18, 2026.
99.2 | Disclosure Statement for Third Amended Chapter 11 Plan of Liquidation of Luminary Technologies, Inc. and its Affiliated Debtors, dated February 18, 2026.
104 | Cover page interactive data file formatted in Inline XBRL. 4 SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its
 behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized. Date: February 24, 2026 | Luminar Technologies, Inc.
By: | /s/ Alexander Fishkin
Name: Alexander Fishkin
Title: Chief Legal Officer 5