false Luminar Technologies, Inc./DE 0001758057 NASDAQ 0001758057 2025-12-17 2025-12-17 UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 FORM 8-K CURRENT REPORT Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported): December 17, 2025 LUMINAR TECHNOLOGIES, INC. (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) Delaware | 001-38791 | 83-1804317
(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation) | (Commission File Number) | (IRS Employer Identification No.) 2603 Discovery Drive, Suite 100 Orlando , Florida 32826 (Address of principal executive offices, including zip code) Registrant’s telephone number, including area code: ( 800 ) 532-2417 N/A (Former name or former address, if changed since last report.) Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of
 the following provisions: ☐ | Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425) ☐ | Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12) ☐ | Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b)) ☐ | Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c)) Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Title of each class | Trading symbol | Name of each exchange on which registered
Class A Common Stock, par value of $0.0001 per share | LAZR | The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (§230.405 of this
 chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (§240.12b-2 of this chapter). Emerging growth company ☐ If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any
 new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. ☐ Item 3.01 | Notice of Delisting or Failure to Satisfy a Continued Listing Rule or Standard; Transfer of Listing. On December 17, 2025, Luminar Technologies, Inc. (the “Company”) was notified by the Listing Qualifications Department of The Nasdaq Stock Market
 LLC (“Nasdaq”) that Nasdaq had determined to delist the Company’s Class A common stock, par value $0.0001 per share (the “Common Stock”) in accordance with Nasdaq Listing Rules 5101, 5110(b), and IM‑5101-1 as a result of the Company’s commencement of
 voluntary proceedings under Chapter 11 of the United States Bankruptcy Code (the “Bankruptcy Code”) on December 15, 2025 (the “Chapter 11 Cases”). Nasdaq further indicated that trading of the Common Stock will be suspended at the opening of business
 on December 24, 2025, and a Form 25-NSE will be filed by Nasdaq with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”), which will remove the Common Stock from listing and registration on Nasdaq. The Company does not intend to appeal Nasdaq’s
 determination. After delisting from Nasdaq, the Common Stock is expected to commence trading on the Pink Limited Market operated by the OTC Markets Group, Inc.
 (commonly referred to as the “pink sheets”). The Pink Limited Market is a significantly more limited market than Nasdaq, and will likely result in a less liquid market for existing and potential holders of the Common Stock to trade the Common Stock
 and could further depress the trading price of the Common Stock. The Company can provide no assurance that the Common Stock will continue to trade on this market or whether broker-dealers will continue to provide public quotes of the Common Stock on
 this market. 2 Forward-Looking Statements This Current Report on Form 8-K contains certain “forward-looking statements.” All statements other than statements of historical fact are
 “forward-looking” statements for purposes of the U.S. federal and state securities laws, including the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements may be identified by the use of forward-looking terminology such as
 “anticipate,” “believe,” “continue,” “could,” “estimate,” “expect,” “intend,” “may,” “might,” “our vision,” “plan,” “potential,” “preliminary,” “predict,” “should,” “will,” or “would” or the negative thereof or other variations thereof or comparable
 terminology. These forward-looking statements are subject to a number of factors and uncertainties that could cause the Company’s actual results to differ materially from those expressed in or contemplated by the forward-looking statements. Such
 factors include, but are not limited to: risks attendant to the bankruptcy process, including the Company’s ability to obtain court approval from the Bankruptcy Court with respect to motions or other requests made to the Bankruptcy Court throughout
 the course of the Chapter 11 Cases; the ability to negotiate and confirm a sale of Luminar Semiconductors, Inc. and the Company’s LiDAR business under section 363 of the Bankruptcy Code; the effects of the Chapter 11 Cases, including increased legal
 and other professional costs necessary to execute the Company’s liquidation, on the Company’s liquidity (including the availability of operating capital during the pendency of the Chapter 11 Cases), results of operations or business prospects; the
 effects of the Chapter 11 Cases on the interests of various constituents and financial stakeholders; the length of time that the Company will operate under Chapter 11 protection and the continued availability of operating capital during the pendency
 of the Chapter 11 Cases; objections to the Company’s restructuring process or other pleadings filed that could protract the Chapter 11 Cases; risks associated with third-party motions in the Chapter 11 Cases; Bankruptcy Court rulings in the Chapter
 11 Cases and the outcome of the Chapter 11 Cases in general; the Company’s ability to comply with the restrictions imposed by the terms and conditions of its financing arrangements; employee attrition and the Company’s ability to retain senior
 management and other key personnel due to the distractions and uncertainties; the Company’s ability to maintain relationships with suppliers, customers, employees and other third parties and regulatory authorities as a result of the Chapter 11 Cases;
 the impact and timing of any cost-savings measures and related local law requirements in various jurisdictions; finalization of the Company’s annual and quarterly financial statements; risks relating to the delisting of the Common Stock from Nasdaq
 and trading of the Common Stock on the Pink Limited Market; the impact of litigation and regulatory proceedings; the impact and timing of any cost-savings measures; and other factors discussed in the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K, Quarterly
 Reports on Form 10-Q and other filings with the SEC. These risks and uncertainties may cause the Company’s actual results, performance, liquidity or achievements to differ materially from any future results, performance, liquidity or achievements
 expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. For a further list and description of such risks and uncertainties, please refer to the Company’s filings with the SEC that are available at www.sec.gov. The Company cautions you that the list
 of important factors included in the Company’s SEC filings may not contain all of the material factors that are important to you. In addition, in light of these risks and uncertainties, the matters referred to in the forward-looking statements
 contained in this report may not in fact occur. The Company undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statement as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as otherwise required by law. 3 SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its
 behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized. Date: December 19, 2025 | Luminar Technologies, Inc.
By: /s/ Alexander Fishkin
Name: Alexander Fishkin
Title: Chief Legal Officer 4