DEF 14A 1 d901558ddef14a.htm DEF 14A DEF 14A Table of Contents SCHEDULE 14A INFORMATION Proxy Statement Pursuant to Section 14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 Filed by the Registrant ☒
Filed by a Party other than the Registrant ☐
Check the appropriate box:
☐ | Preliminary Proxy Statement
☐ | Confidential, for Use of the Commission Only (as permitted by Rule 14a-6(e)(2))
☒ | Definitive Proxy Statement
☐ | Definitive Additional Materials
☐ | Soliciting Material under Rule 14a-12 VIASAT, INC.
(Name of Registrant as Specified In Its Charter)
(Name of Person(s) Filing Proxy Statement, if other than the Registrant) Payment of Filing Fee (Check the appropriate box):
☒ | No fee required.
☐ | Fee computed on table below per Exchange Act Rules 14a-6(i)(1) and 0-11.
(1) | Title of each class of securities to which transaction applies:
(2) | Aggregate number of securities to which transaction applies:
(3) | Per unit price or other underlying value of transaction computed pursuant to Exchange Act Rule 0-11 (Set forth the amount on which the filing fee is calculated and state how it was determined):
(4) | Proposed maximum aggregate value of transaction:
(5) | Total fee paid:
☐ | Fee paid previously with preliminary materials.
☐ | Check box if any part of the fee is offset as provided by Exchange Act Rule 0-11(a)(2) and identify the filing for which the offsetting fee was paid previously. Identify the previous filing by registration statement number, or the Form or Schedule and the date of its filing.
(1) | Amount Previously Paid:
(2) | Form, Schedule or Registration Statement No.:
(3) | Filing Party:
(4) | Date Filed: Table of Contents NOTICE OF ANNUAL MEETING OF STOCKHOLDERS Meeting Information DATE: September 3, 2020 | TIME: 8:30 a.m. Pacific Time | PLACE: Virtual Meeting | RECORD DATE: July 10, 2020 Dear Fellow Stockholder: You are cordially invited to attend our 2020 annual meeting of stockholders, which will be held on September 3, 2020 at 8:30 a.m. Pacific
Time. This year’s annual meeting will be a completely virtual meeting of stockholders. We are hosting our annual meeting exclusively online via live webcast to safeguard the health and
well-being of our stockholders and employees in light of the public health impact of the coronavirus (COVID-19) pandemic. To participate, vote or submit questions during the annual meeting via live webcast,
please visit: www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/vsat2020. There will not be a physical location for the annual meeting. We are holding the annual meeting for the following purposes: 1. | To elect Mark Dankberg and Varsha Rao to serve as Class III Directors for a three-year term to expire at the 2023 annual meeting of stockholders. 2. | To ratify the appointment of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP as Viasat’s independent registered public accounting firm for fiscal year 2021. 3. | To conduct an advisory vote on executive compensation. 4. | To approve an amendment and restatement of the 1996 Equity Participation Plan. 6. | To transact other business that may properly come before the annual meeting or any adjournments or postponements of the meeting. These items are fully described in the proxy statement, which is part of this notice. We
have not received notice of other matters that may be properly presented at the annual meeting. All stockholders of record as of
July 10, 2020, the record date, are entitled to vote at the annual meeting. Your vote is very important. Whether or not you expect to attend the virtual annual meeting, please vote via
one of the methods specified below as soon as possible to ensure that your shares are represented at the annual meeting. How to Vote Prior to the Annual Meeting Call the telephone number specified on your proxy card or voting instruction form provided by your bank or broker | Sign, date and return your proxy card or voting instruction form in the postage-paid envelope provided | Follow the instructions in your proxy card or voting instruction form to vote at www.proxyvote.com prior to 11:59 p.m. Eastern Time on September 2, 2020 By Order of the Board of Directors /s/ Mark Dankberg Mark Dankberg Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer Carlsbad, California July 23, 2020 YOUR VOTE IS IMPORTANT. WHETHER OR NOT YOU PLAN TO ATTEND THE VIRTUAL ANNUAL MEETING, PLEASE SIGN, DATE AND RETURN THE ACCOMPANYING PROXY CARD. Table of Contents TABLE OF CONTENTS GENERAL INFORMATION | 1
About the Annual Meeting and Voting | 1
PROXY STATEMENT SUMMARY | 5
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE PRINCIPLES AND BOARD MATTERS | 6
Board Responsibilities | 6
Board Leadership and Independence | 7
Board Committee Composition | 8
Board Evaluation and Refreshment | 9
Communications with the Board | 10
Stockholder Engagement | 10
PROPOSAL 1: ELECTION OF DIRECTORS | 12
Overview | 12
Class III Directors Nominated for Election at this Annual Meeting | 13
Class I Directors with Terms Expiring in 2021 | 14
Class II Directors with Terms Expiring in 2022 | 15
Recommendation of the Board | 15
PROPOSAL 2: RATIFICATION OF APPOINTMENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM | 16
Overview | 16
Principal Accountant Fees and Services | 16
Pre-Approval Policy of the Audit Committee | 17
Recommendation of the Board | 17
PROPOSAL 3: ADVISORY VOTE ON EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION | 18
Overview | 18
Recommendation of the Board | 19
PROPOSAL 4: AMENDMENT AND RESTATEMENT OF THE 1996 EQUITY PARTICIPATION PLAN | 20
Overview | 20
Why You Should Vote for the Restated Equity Plan | 20
Summary of the Restated Equity Plan | 23 U.S. Federal Income Tax Consequences | 25
New Plan Benefits | 27
Recommendation of the Board | 27
OWNERSHIP OF SECURITIES | 28
Beneficial Ownership Table | 28
Delinquent 16(a) Reports | 29
EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION | 30
Compensation Discussion and Analysis | 30
Clawback Policy | 42
Anti-Hedging and Pledging Policy | 42
Compensation Committee Report | 44
Summary Compensation Table | 45
Grants of Plan-Based Awards in Fiscal Year 2020 | 46
Outstanding Equity Awards at 2020 Fiscal Year End | 47
Option Exercises and Stock Vested in Fiscal Year 2020 | 48
Pension Benefits | 48
Non-Qualified Deferred Compensation | 48
Potential Payments Upon Termination | 49
CEO Pay Ratio | 50
Director Compensation | 51
Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation | 52
Equity Compensation Plan Information | 52
CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS | 53
Review and Approval of Related Party Transactions | 53
Related Party Transactions | 53
AUDIT COMMITTEE REPORT | 54
OTHER MATTERS | 55
APPENDIX A: 1996 EQUITY PARTICIPATION PLAN, AS AMENDED AND RESTATED | A-1 2020 Proxy Statement i Table of Contents 6155 El Camino Real Carlsbad, California 92009 | PROXY STATEMENT The Board of Directors of Viasat, Inc. is soliciting the enclosed proxy for use at the annual meeting of
stockholders to be held on September 3, 2020 at 8:30 a.m. Pacific Time, and at any adjournments or postponements of the meeting, for the purposes set forth in the notice of annual meeting of stockholders. This year’s annual meeting
will be a completely virtual meeting of stockholders, and will be accessible via the internet at www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/vsat2020 . GENERAL INFORMATION About the Annual Meeting and Voting Why am I receiving this proxy statement? We sent you this proxy statement and the enclosed proxy card because Viasat’s Board of Directors is soliciting your proxy to vote at the 2020
annual meeting of stockholders. This proxy statement summarizes the information you need to know to vote at the annual meeting. All stockholders who find it convenient to do so are cordially invited to attend the virtual annual meeting. However, you
do not need to attend the meeting to vote your shares. Instead, you may simply sign, date and return the enclosed proxy card or voting instruction form provided by your bank or broker, or follow the instructions specified in your proxy card or
voting instruction form to vote by telephone or via the internet. We intend to begin mailing this proxy statement, the attached notice
of our annual meeting and the enclosed proxy card on or about July 23, 2020 to all stockholders who owned Viasat common stock on the record date, July 10, 2020, and are thus entitled to vote at the annual meeting. On this record date,
there were approximately 63,026,001 shares of Viasat common stock outstanding. Common stock is our only class of stock entitled to vote. Along with this proxy statement, we are also sending our fiscal year 2020 annual report, which includes our
financial statements. What am I voting on? The items of business scheduled to be voted on at the annual meeting are: • | Proposal 1: The election of Mark Dankberg and Varsha Rao to serve as Class III Directors for a three-year term to expire at the 2023 annual meeting of stockholders. • | Proposal 2: The ratification of the appointment of PricewaterhouseCoopers as Viasat’s independent registered public accounting firm for fiscal year 2021. • | Proposal 3: The advisory vote on executive compensation. • | Proposal 4: The amendment and restatement of the 1996 Equity Participation Plan. We will also consider any other business that properly comes before the annual meeting. How does the Board recommend that I vote? Our Board of Directors unanimously recommends that you vote: • | “FOR” the election of Mark Dankberg and Varsha Rao (Proposal 1); • | “FOR” the ratification of the appointment of PricewaterhouseCoopers as Viasat’s independent registered public accounting firm for fiscal year 2021 (Proposal 2); • | “FOR” the approval of executive compensation (Proposal 3); and • | “FOR” the amendment and restatement of the 1996 Equity Participation Plan (Proposal 4); and How many votes do I have? You are entitled to one vote for every share of Viasat common stock that you own as of July 10, 2020. 2020 Proxy Statement 1 Table of Contents GENERAL
INFORMATION • About the Annual Meeting and Voting How
do I vote by proxy? Your vote is important. Whether or not you plan to attend the virtual annual meeting, we urge you to sign, date
and return the enclosed proxy card or voting instruction form provided by your bank or broker as soon as possible to ensure that your vote is recorded promptly. Returning the proxy card or voting instruction form will not affect your right to attend
or vote your shares at the annual meeting. If you complete and submit your proxy card or voting instruction form, the persons named as
proxies will vote your shares in accordance with your instructions. If you submit a proxy card or voting instruction form but do not fill out the voting instructions, your shares will be voted in accordance with the recommendations made by the Board
of Directors. If any other matters are properly presented for voting at the annual meeting, or any adjournments or postponements of the
annual meeting occur, the proxy card or voting instruction form will confer discretionary authority on the individuals named as proxies to vote your shares in accordance with their best judgment. As of the date of this proxy statement, we have not
received notice of other matters that may properly be presented for voting at the annual meeting. May I revoke my proxy? If you give us your proxy, you may revoke it at any time before your proxy is voted at the annual meeting. You may revoke your proxy
in any of the following three ways: • | you may send in another signed proxy card bearing a later date; • | you may deliver a written notice of revocation to Viasat’s Corporate Secretary prior to the annual meeting; or • | you may notify Viasat’s Corporate Secretary in writing before the annual meeting and submit your vote at the virtual annual meeting. If your shares are held in “street name,” which means your shares are
held of record by a broker, bank or other financial institution, you must contact your broker, bank or financial institution to revoke any prior instructions. What if my shares are held by a broker, bank or other financial institution? If you are the beneficial owner of shares held by a broker, bank or other financial institution, then your shares are held in “street
name” and the organization holding your shares is considered to be the stockholder of record for purposes of voting at the annual meeting. As the beneficial owner, you have the right to direct your broker, bank or other financial institution
regarding how to vote your shares. You are also invited to attend the virtual annual meeting. However, you will need the control number included on your voting instruction form provided by your bank or broker in order to be able to vote your shares
or submit questions. Can I vote via the internet or by telephone? You may vote your shares via the internet or by telephone by following the instructions provided on your proxy card or voting instruction form. If
your shares are registered in the name of a broker, bank or other financial institution, you may also be eligible to vote your shares electronically over the internet or by telephone if your financial institution makes such options available. How can I attend the annual meeting? We will be hosting the 2020 annual meeting live via the internet and you will not be able to attend in person. Our Board annually considers the
appropriate format of our annual meeting, and concluded that a virtual meeting would best promote the health and safety of stockholders, employees and directors this year. Our virtual annual meeting allows stockholders from around the world to
participate and ask questions, and for us to give thoughtful responses. You are entitled to attend the annual meeting only if you were a
Viasat stockholder or joint holder as of the record date, July 10, 2020, or you hold a valid proxy for the annual meeting. A stockholder can listen to and participate in the annual meeting live via the internet at
www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/vsat2020. Stockholders may begin submitting written questions at 8:30 a.m. Pacific Time on September 3, 2020. Stockholders may also vote during the annual meeting. You will need the control number included on
your proxy card or voting instruction form provided by your bank or broker in order to be able to vote your shares or submit questions. Instructions on how to participate, ask questions and access technical support are available at
www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/vsat2020. 2 Table of Contents GENERAL INFORMATION • About the Annual Meeting and Voting What constitutes a quorum? A quorum is present when at least a majority of the outstanding shares entitled to vote are represented at the annual meeting either in person or by
proxy. Holders will be deemed present “in person” at the annual meeting by visiting www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/vsat2020 on the day of the annual meeting and properly registering their attendance by using the control number provided
on your proxy card or voting instruction form provided by your bank or broker. This year, approximately 31,513,001 shares must be represented to constitute a quorum at the meeting and permit us to conduct our business. What vote is required to approve each proposal? In the election of directors, the two nominees for director who receive the highest number of affirmative votes will be elected as directors. All other proposals require the affirmative vote of a majority of the votes cast on that
proposal. Voting results will be tabulated and certified by Broadridge Financial Solutions. What will happen if I abstain from
voting or fail to vote? Shares held by persons attending the annual meeting but not voting, and shares represented by proxies that
reflect abstentions as to a particular proposal will be counted as present for purposes of determining the presence of a quorum. Similarly, shares represented by proxies that reflect a “broker non-vote” will be counted for
purposes of determining whether a quorum exists. A broker non-vote occurs when a broker, bank or other financial institution holding shares in street name for a beneficial owner has not received instructions
from the beneficial owner and does not have discretionary authority to vote the shares for a particular proposal. Under the rules of various national and regional securities exchanges, the organization that holds your shares in street name has
discretionary authority to vote only on routine matters and cannot vote on non-routine matters. The only proposal at the meeting that is considered a routine matter under applicable rules is the proposal to
ratify the appointment of PricewaterhouseCoopers as Viasat’s independent registered public accounting firm for the 2021 fiscal year. Therefore, unless you provide voting instructions to the broker, bank or other financial institution holding
shares on your behalf, they will not have discretionary authority to vote your shares on any of the other proposals described in this proxy statement. Please vote your proxy or provide voting instructions to the broker, bank or other financial
institution holding your shares so your vote on the other proposals will be counted. In tabulating the voting results for each proposal,
neither abstentions nor shares that constitute broker non-votes are considered votes cast on that proposal. Because abstentions and broker non-votes will not be
considered votes cast, abstentions and broker non-votes will not affect the outcome of any matter being voted on at the meeting, assuming that a quorum is obtained. What are the costs of soliciting these proxies? We will pay the entire cost of soliciting these proxies, including the preparation, assembly, printing and mailing of this proxy statement and any additional solicitation material that we may provide to stockholders. In addition to
the mailing of the notices and these proxy materials, the solicitation of proxies or votes may be made in person, by telephone or by electronic communication by our directors, officers and employees, who will not receive any additional compensation
for such solicitation activities. We will reimburse brokerage houses and other custodians, nominees and fiduciaries for forwarding proxy and solicitation materials to stockholders. I share an address with another stockholder, but we received only one paper copy of the proxy materials. How may I obtain an additional copy of
the proxy materials? If you share an address with another stockholder, you may receive only one set of proxy materials unless you
have provided contrary instructions. The rules promulgated by the Securities and Exchange Commission, or SEC, permit companies, brokers, banks or other financial institutions to deliver a single copy of a proxy statement and annual report to
households at which two or more stockholders reside. This practice, known as “householding,” is designed to reduce duplicate mailings, save significant printing and postage costs, and conserve natural resources. Stockholders will receive
only one copy of our proxy statement and annual report if they share an address with another stockholder, have been previously notified of householding by their broker, bank or other financial institution, and have consented to householding, either
affirmatively or implicitly by not objecting to householding. If you would like to opt out of householding for future mailings, or if you currently receive multiple copies of our annual reports and proxy statements and would prefer to receive a
single copy in the future, please contact your broker, bank or financial institution. You may also obtain a separate annual report or proxy statement without charge by sending a written request to Viasat, Inc., Attention: Investor Relations, 6155 El
Camino Real, Carlsbad, California 92009, by email at ir@viasat.com or by telephone at (760) 476-2633. We will promptly send additional copies of the annual report or proxy statement upon receipt of such
request. 2020 Proxy Statement 3 Table of Contents GENERAL
INFORMATION • About the Annual Meeting and Voting Important notice regarding the availability of proxy materials for the Viasat annual meeting of stockholders to be held on September 3,
2020 Under rules adopted by the SEC, we are also furnishing proxy materials to our stockholders via the internet. This process is
designed to expedite stockholders’ receipt of proxy materials, lower the cost of the annual meeting and help conserve natural resources. This proxy statement and our annual report to stockholders are available on the Investor Relations
section of our website at investors.viasat.com . If you are a stockholder of record, you can elect to access future proxy statements and annual reports electronically by marking the appropriate box on your proxy card.
Choosing to receive your future proxy materials electronically will help us conserve natural resources and reduce the costs of printing and distributing our proxy materials. If you choose this option, your choice will remain in effect until you
notify our transfer agent, Computershare, by mail that you wish to resume mail delivery of these documents. If you hold your shares in street name, please refer to the information provided by your broker, bank or other financial institution for
instructions on how to elect this option. 4 Table of Contents PROXY STATEMENT SUMMARY This summary highlights information contained elsewhere in this proxy statement. This summary does not contain all of the relevant information you
should consider. Please read the entire proxy statement before voting. Company Information Meeting: Annual Meeting of Stockholders Date: Thursday, September 3, 2020 Time: 8:30 a.m. Pacific Time Location: Virtual meeting only, accessible at www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/vsat2020 Record Date: July 10, 2020 Stock Symbol: VSAT Exchange: The Nasdaq Global Select Market Common Stock Outstanding: 63,026,001 shares on July 10, 2020 Registrar & Transfer Agent: Computershare State of Incorporation: Delaware Public Company Since: 1996 Corporate Headquarters: 6155 El Camino Real, Carlsbad, CA 92009 Corporate Website: www.viasat.com Investor Relations Website: investors.viasat.com Corporate Governance Lead Independent Director: Yes Directors with Terms Beyond Annual Meeting: 7 Director Nominees: 2 • | Mark Dankberg (CEO) • | Varsha Rao (Independent) Board Meetings in Fiscal Year 2020: 8 All Directors Attended at Least 75% of Board and Committee Meetings: Yes Board Committees (Fiscal Year 2020 Meetings): • | Audit (5) • | Compensation and Human Resources (9) • | Nomination, Evaluation and Corporate Governance (3) • | Banking and Finance (1) Stockholder Rights Plan: No Executive Compensation CEO: Mark Dankberg (age 65; CEO since 1986) Fiscal Year 2020 Summary Compensation: • | Total Compensation: $11,768,446 (see full discussion in Executive Compensation section on p. 29) - | Salary: $1,300,000 - | Annual Performance Cash Incentive: $1,700,000 - | Long-Term Equity Incentives: $8,750,656 - | All Other Compensation: $17,790 CEO Employment Agreement: No Change-in-Control Agreement: Yes, double trigger Stock Ownership Guidelines: Yes Anti-Hedging and Pledging Policy: Yes Clawback Policy: Yes Items to be Voted On 1. | The election of Mark Dankberg and Varsha Rao as directors • | Board recommendation: FOR 2. | Ratification of appointment of independent registered public accounting firm • | Board recommendation: FOR 3. | Advisory vote to approve executive officer compensation • | Board recommendation: FOR 4. | Amendment and restatement of 1996 Equity Participation Plan • | Board recommendation: FOR 2020 Proxy Statement 5 Table of Contents CORPORATE GOVERNANCE PRINCIPLES AND BOARD MATTERS We are dedicated to maintaining the highest standards of business integrity. We believe that adherence to sound principles of corporate governance,
through a system of checks, balances and personal accountability is vital to protecting Viasat’s reputation, assets, investor confidence and customer loyalty. Above all, the foundation of Viasat’s integrity is our commitment to sound
corporate governance. Our corporate governance guidelines and Guide to Business Conduct can be found on the Investor Relations section of our website at investors.viasat.com . Board Responsibilities Primary Responsibilities The Board of Directors is the company’s governing body and is responsible for assuring that the long-term interests of the stockholders are
being served. The Board of Directors is also responsible for overseeing Viasat’s Chief Executive Officer and other senior management in the competent and ethical operation of the company on a day-to-day basis. To satisfy its duties, directors are expected to take a proactive, focused approach to their position, and set standards to ensure that the company is committed to business success by
maintaining the highest standards of responsibility and ethics. Risk Oversight We take a comprehensive approach to risk management which is reflected in the reporting processes by which our management provides timely and
comprehensive information to the Board to support the Board’s role in oversight, approval and decision-making. The Board
The Board is responsible for overseeing management in the execution of its responsibilities and for assessing the company’s approach to risk management. The Board exercises these responsibilities periodically as part of its meetings and also through the Board’s committees, each of which examines various components of enterprise risk as it pertains to the committee’s area of oversight. In addition, an overall review of risk is inherent in the Board’s consideration of the company’s long-term strategies and in the transactions and other matters presented to the Board, including capital expenditures, acquisitions and divestitures, and financial matters.
À ¿
Committees
The Audit Committee is responsible for reviewing the professional services provided by our independent registered public accounting firm, the independence of such independent registered public accounting firm from our management, and our annual and quarterly financial statements. | The Compensation and Human Resources Committee is responsible for designing and evaluating Viasat’s compensation plans, policies and programs, including the compensation of our executive officers. | The Nomination, Evaluation and Corporate Governance Committee is responsible for developing and recommending to the Board a set of corporate governance guidelines and principles, providing oversight of the process for the self-assessment by the Board and each of its committees, and reviewing and recommending nominees for election as directors and committee members. | The Banking and Finance Committee is responsible for overseeing certain aspects of corporate finance for the company, and reviewing and making recommendations to the Board about the company’s financial affairs and policies, including short and long-term financing plans, objectives and principles, borrowings or the issuance of debt and equity securities.
À ¿
Management
Our senior management is responsible for assessing and managing the company’s various exposures to risk on a day-to-day basis, including the creation of appropriate risk management programs and policies. 6 Table of Contents CORPORATE GOVERNANCE PRINCIPLES AND BOARD
MATTERS • Board Leadership and Independence Board Leadership and Independence Enhanced Board Leadership Structure. The Board leadership structure is currently comprised of (1) a combined Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer and (2) a Lead Independent Director. Mark Dankberg, our Chief Executive Officer, serves as the Chairman of the Board.
In February 2019, Sean Pak was appointed by the Board to the position of Lead Independent Director. The role of Lead Independent Director provides strong independent leadership for the Board and a balance to our combined Chairman and Chief Executive
Officer structure. The Lead Independent Director’s responsibilities include presiding over all meetings of the Board at which the Chairman is not present, calling meetings of independent directors and functioning as a liaison with the Chairman.
Mr. Pak is an active and engaged director, who is well positioned to work collaboratively with Mr. Dankberg, while providing strong independent oversight over the Board. The Board regularly evaluates its leadership structure, and currently believes that the use of a Lead Independent Director, coupled with the
combined Chairman and Chief Executive Officer positions, provides the most efficient and effective leadership model for Viasat. As the individual primarily responsible for the day-to-day management of the company’s business operations, our Chief Executive Officer is best positioned to provide clear insight and direction of business
strategies and plans to both the Board and management. A single person, acting in the capacities of Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, promotes unity of vision and leadership, which allows for a single, clear focus for management to execute the
company’s business strategies and plans. Coupled with a Lead Independent Director, this leadership structure allows the Board to exercise independent oversight while enabling the Board to have direct access to information related to the day-to-day management of Viasat’s business operations. Moreover, we believe that the combined Chairman and Chief Executive Officer role is appropriately counterbalanced
and enhanced by sound corporate governance principles, the leadership of the Lead Independent Director, the effective oversight of management by non-employee directors and the strength of Viasat’s
independent directors. Majority Independent Board. The criteria established by The Nasdaq Stock Market, or Nasdaq, for director independence include various objective standards and a subjective test. The subjective test requires that each independent
director not have a relationship which, in the opinion of the Board, would interfere with the exercise of independent judgment in carrying out the responsibilities of a director. Under the objective standards, a member of the Board is not considered
independent if, for example, he or she is (1) an employee of Viasat, or (2) a partner in, or a controlling stockholder or an executive officer of, an entity to which Viasat made, or from which Viasat received, payments in the current or
any of the past three fiscal years that exceed 5% of the recipient’s consolidated gross revenues for that year. None of our
existing directors were disqualified from independent status under the objective standards, other than Mr. Dankberg and Richard Baldridge, who do not qualify as independent because they are Viasat employees. The subjective evaluation of
director independence by the Board of Directors was made in the context of the objective standards by taking into account the standards in the objective tests, and reviewing and discussing additional information provided by the directors and the
company with regard to each director’s business and personal activities as they may relate to Viasat and Viasat’s management. As a result of this evaluation, the Board of Directors affirmatively determined that each existing member of the Board other than Mr. Dankberg
and Mr. Baldridge is independent under the criteria established by Nasdaq for director independence. In addition to the Board level standards for director independence, all members of the Audit Committee, Compensation and Human Resources
Committee, and Nomination, Evaluation and Corporate Governance Committee qualify as independent directors as defined by Nasdaq. 2020 Proxy Statement 7 Table of Contents CORPORATE GOVERNANCE PRINCIPLES AND BOARD MATTERS • Board Committee Composition Board Committee Composition As of the date of this proxy statement, our Board of Directors has the following four standing committees: (1) Audit Committee,
(2) Compensation and Human Resources Committee, (3) Nomination, Evaluation and Corporate Governance Committee, and (4) Banking and Finance Committee. The membership during the last fiscal year and the function of each of the
committees are described below. Each of the committees operates under a written charter which can be found on the Investor Relations section of our website at investors.viasat.com . During our fiscal year ended March 31, 2020, the Board
held eight meetings. During this period, all of the directors attended or participated in at least 75% of the aggregate of the total number of meetings and the total number of meetings held by all committees of the Board on which each such director
served. Although we do not have a formal policy regarding attendance by members of our Board at our annual meeting of stockholders, we encourage the attendance of our directors and director nominees at our annual meeting, and historically more than
a majority have done so. Eight of our directors attended last year’s annual meeting of stockholders. Director | Audit Committee | Compensation and Human Resources Committee | Nomination, Evaluation and Corporate Governance Committee | Banking and Finance Committee
Mark Dankberg | Member
Richard Baldridge | Member
Frank J. Biondi, Jr. (1)
Robert Johnson (2) | Member | Chair
Sean Pak | Member | Member
Varsha Rao (2) | Member | Member | Chair
John Stenbit (2) | Member | Chair | Member
Harvey White (2)(3) | Chair | Member | Member
Theresa Wise, Ph.D. (4)
Number of Meetings in Fiscal Year 2020 | 5 | 9 | 3 | 1 (1) | Mr. Biondi served on the Board with distinction until his untimely passing in November 2019. Viasat thanks him for his thoughtful leadership and advice. (2) | Determined by the Board to qualify as an “audit committee financial expert.” (3) | Mr. White is a Class III director whose term expires at this year’s annual meeting. Mr. White is not standing for re-election, and Viasat thanks Mr. White for his exemplary service as a director for the past fifteen years. (4) | Dr. Wise was appointed as a director on February 3, 2020. Audit Committee. The Audit Committee is responsible
for reviewing the professional services provided by our independent registered public accounting firm, the independence of such independent registered public accounting firm from our management, and our annual and quarterly financial statements. The
Audit Committee also reviews such other matters with respect to our accounting, auditing and financial reporting practices and procedures as it may find appropriate or that may be brought to the attention of the Audit Committee. The Board of
Directors has determined that each of the members of our Audit Committee is an “audit committee financial expert” as defined by the rules of the SEC. The responsibilities and activities of the Audit Committee are described in greater
detail in the Audit Committee Report. Compensation and Human Resources Committee. The Compensation and Human Resources Committee is responsible for designing and evaluating our compensation plans, policies and programs, including the compensation of our executive officers. In carrying
out these responsibilities, the Compensation and Human Resources Committee is responsible for advising and consulting with the officers regarding managerial personnel and development, and for reviewing and, as appropriate, recommending to the Board
of Directors, policies, practices and procedures relating to the compensation of non-employee directors, executive officers and other managerial employees. The objectives of the Compensation and Human
Resources Committee are to encourage high performance, promote accountability and assure that employee interests are aligned with the interests of our stockholders. For additional information concerning the role and responsibilities of the
Compensation and Human Resources Committee, see the Compensation Discussion and Analysis section of this proxy statement. Nomination, Evaluation and Corporate Governance Committee. The Nomination, Evaluation and Corporate Governance Committee is responsible
for developing and recommending to the Board a set of corporate governance guidelines and principles, providing oversight of the process for the self-assessment by the Board and each of its committees, reviewing and recommending nominees for
election as directors and committee members, conducting the evaluation of our Chief Executive Officer, and advising the Board with respect to Board and committee composition. 8 Table of Contents CORPORATE GOVERNANCE PRINCIPLES AND BOARD
MATTERS • Board Evaluation and Refreshment Banking and Finance Committee. The Banking and Finance Committee is responsible for overseeing certain aspects of corporate finance for the company, and reviewing and making recommendations to the Board about the company’s financial
affairs and policies, including short and long-term financing plans, objectives and principles, borrowings or the issuance of debt and equity securities. Board Evaluation and Refreshment The Nomination, Evaluation
and Corporate Governance Committee, or NECG Committee, is responsible for reviewing and assessing the appropriate skills and characteristics required of Board members in the context of the current size and membership of the Board. This includes
assessing whether the Board possesses the appropriate business acumen, diversity, integrity, and personal skills and experience in technology, finance, marketing, international business, financial reporting and other areas to deliver the high
standard of governance expected by our stockholders. Our Board and the NECG Committee understand the importance of following robust
processes for Board evaluation and refreshment. The NECG Committee annually reviews the skills and characteristics of the Board to ensure they align with the current needs of our company. Additionally, the Board completes an annual
self-evaluation of its performance and the performance of its committees, facilitated by the NECG Committee. The results of these evaluations help to inform whether the Board is equipped to provide comprehensive and effective oversight. The Board aims to maintain a balance between institutional knowledge on the Board, which comes in the form of longer tenured directors, and fresh
perspectives added through newly appointed directors. As a result, the Board has not imposed a hard limit on director tenure, as it believes that would artificially deprive the Board of the valuable contributions of its most experienced directors.
Instead, the Board evaluates the mix of director tenures as a component of the broader evaluation and composition review process. Following a thorough search for an additional independent member of the Board to complement the skills of its current directors, the Board appointed
Dr. Theresa Wise in February 2020. Dr. Wise has a background leading major technology, business and customer-centric integration programs and experience working in the aviation industry. She also has expertise, perspectives and experience
in applying IT strategy and data analytics to advance end-user experiences. The Board’s
approach to refreshment and evaluation, including the recent addition of Dr. Wise, has led to: • | The addition of four new directors in the last five years, including three new independent directors, which increased Board diversity and provided valuable expertise on areas of strategic importance, including intellectual property development and strategy, international business, aviation, telecommunications and operations; • | An approximately four year decline in the average tenure of our independent directors from 2018 to 2020, following the departure of two directors at our 2019 annual meeting of stockholders and one director at our 2020 annual meeting of stockholders; and • | Increased diversity across multiple dimensions, including gender and ethnic diversity of 43% among directors standing for reelection at, or whose terms extend beyond, the 2020 annual meeting of stockholders. In recommending candidates for election to the Board, the NECG Committee considers nominees recommended by
directors, management and stockholders using the same criteria to evaluate all candidates. The NECG Committee may engage consultants or third party search firms to assist in identifying and evaluating potential nominees. The NECG Committee reviews
each candidate’s qualifications, including whether a candidate possesses any of the specific qualities and skills desirable in certain members of the Board. Evaluations of candidates generally involve a review of background materials, internal
discussions and interviews with selected candidates as appropriate. Upon selection of a qualified candidate, the NECG Committee recommends the candidate for consideration by the full Board. 2020 Proxy Statement 9 Table of Contents CORPORATE GOVERNANCE PRINCIPLES AND BOARD MATTERS • Communications with the
Board The NECG Committee will consider candidates recommended by any stockholder who has held our common stock for at least one year and who holds a minimum of 1% of our outstanding shares. When submitting candidates for nomination,
stockholders must follow the notice procedures and provide the information specified in the section titled Other Matters. In addition, the recommendation must include the following: (1) the name and address of the stockholder and the beneficial
owner (if any) on whose behalf the nomination is proposed, (2) a detailed resume of the nominee, and the signed consent of the nominee to serve if elected, (3) the stockholder’s reason for making the nomination, including an
explanation of why the stockholder believes the nominee is qualified for service on our Board, (4) proof of the number of shares of our common stock owned by the record owner and the beneficial owner (if any) on whose behalf the record owner is
proposing the nominee, (5) a description of any arrangements or understandings between the stockholder, the nominee and any other person regarding the nomination, (6) a description of any material interest of the stockholder and the
beneficial owner (if any) on whose behalf the nomination is proposed, and (7) information regarding the nominee that would be required to be included in our proxy statement by the rules of the SEC, including the nominee’s age, business
experience, directorships, and involvement in legal proceedings during the past ten years. Communications
with the Board Any stockholder wishing to communicate with any of our directors regarding corporate matters may write to the
director, c/o General Counsel, Viasat, Inc., 6155 El Camino Real, Carlsbad, California 92009. The General Counsel will forward such communications to each member of our Board of Directors; provided that, if in the opinion of the General Counsel
it would be inappropriate to send a particular stockholder communication to a specific director, such communication will only be sent to the remaining directors. Certain correspondence such as spam, junk mail, mass mailings, product complaints or
inquiries, job inquiries, surveys, business solicitations or advertisements, or patently offensive or otherwise inappropriate material may be forwarded elsewhere within the company for review and possible response. Stockholder Engagement Stockholder engagement is a critical aspect of our corporate governance practices and one of our top priorities. Our management team regularly
engages with our stockholders to proactively understand their perspectives on our business and strategy and governance and compensation programs, and to address any concerns they may have. During fiscal year 2020, we engaged in substantive
conversations with stockholders representing approximately 73% of our total outstanding common stock. 10 Table of Contents CORPORATE GOVERNANCE PRINCIPLES AND BOARD
MATTERS • Stockholder Engagement Actions Taken in Response to Stockholder Feedback Our Board has demonstrated responsiveness to feedback received during stockholder discussions through the recent changes we have made to our
corporate governance practices and compensation programs – some of which have already been implemented, and some of which have been approved and will apply in fiscal year 2021. As a result of our Board’s evaluation of our current practices
informed by stockholder feedback in prior years, we implemented a performance-based equity program in fiscal year 2018 to further align executive compensation with long-term stockholder interests and appointed a Lead Independent Director in fiscal
year 2019 to further strengthen the independent oversight of our Board. Following stockholder engagement that took place in fiscal year 2020, our Board approved additional improvements to our executive compensation program, including how bonus
targets are set for fiscal year 2020, and enhanced disclosure around the peer group selection process. A summary of these changes is included below. What We Heard | What We Did
Seek further alignment of executive compensation with long-term stockholder interests | Implemented a performance-based equity program in fiscal year 2018 and maintained program in subsequent annual grants in fiscal years 2019 and 2020
Seek further independent oversight of the Board | Appointed a Lead Independent Director in fiscal year 2019
Increase weighting of objective, financial criteria in determining annual bonus payouts | Increased weighting of objective, financial criteria in bonus determination to 50% for Chief Executive Officer, consistent with weighting for all other executive officers, in fiscal year 2020
Replace target annual bonus ranges with specific target annual bonuses percentages for each executive officer | Shifted to a specific bonus target for annual incentive compensation in fiscal year 2020
Adopt a maximum cap on annual bonus payouts | Implemented a maximum annual bonus payout, equal to 250% of target, for all executive officers in fiscal year 2020
Provide additional disclosure around peer group selection process | Included enhanced peer group disclosure in 2020 proxy statement, including changes made to fiscal year 2021 peers
Implement a clawback policy | Adopted a clawback policy in fiscal year 2021 to enable recovery of cash and equity incentive compensation related to a financial restatement as a result of an executive officer’s misconduct We are committed to continuing an active dialogue with our stockholders to ensure that the Board’s decisions
are informed by investor feedback, and that we continue to evolve our corporate governance practices and compensation programs to best support long-term stockholder value creation. 2020 Proxy Statement 11 Table of Contents PROPOSAL 1: Election of Directors Overview In accordance with our certificate of incorporation, we divide our Board of Directors into three classes, with each
class consisting, as nearly as may be possible, of one-third of the total number of directors. We elect one class of directors to serve a three-year term at each annual meeting of stockholders. We currently
have three Class III directors whose terms expire at this year’s annual meeting. One of our existing Class III directors, Harvey White, will not be standing for re-election, and his seat will
remain vacant at this time. Accordingly, proxies cannot be voted for more than the two class III nominees for election. At this year’s annual meeting of stockholders, we will elect two Class III directors to hold office until the 2023
annual meeting. At next year’s annual meeting of stockholders, we will elect three Class I directors to hold office until the 2024 annual meeting, and the following year, we will elect two Class II directors to hold office until the
2025 annual meeting. Thereafter, elections will continue in a similar manner at subsequent annual meetings. Each elected director will continue to serve until his or her successor is duly elected or appointed. The Board of Directors unanimously nominated Mark Dankberg and Varsha Rao as Class III nominees for election to the Board. Unless proxy cards
are otherwise marked, the persons named as proxies will vote all proxies received “FOR” the election of Mr. Dankberg and Ms. Rao. If any director nominee is unable or unwilling to serve as a nominee at the time of the
annual meeting, the persons named as proxies may vote either (1) for a substitute nominee designated by the present Board to fill the vacancy or (2) for the balance of the nominees, leaving a vacancy. Alternatively, the Board may reduce
the size of the Board. The Board has no reason to believe that any of the nominees will be unable or unwilling to serve if elected as a director. The following table sets forth the age, the positions currently held with Viasat, the year in which the current term will expire, and the class of director of each nominee to be elected at the annual meeting or director whose term
of office will extend beyond the annual meeting. Name | Age | Position with Viasat | Director Since | Term Expires | Class
Mark Dankberg | 65 | Chairman and Chief Executive Officer | 1986 | 2020 | III
Richard Baldridge | 62 | Director, President and Chief Operating Officer | 2016 | 2022 | II
Robert Johnson | 70 | Director | 1986 | 2021 | I
Sean Pak | 47 | Director (Lead Independent Director) | 2018 | 2022 | II
Varsha Rao | 50 | Director | 2017 | 2020 | III
John Stenbit | 80 | Director | 2004 | 2021 | I
Theresa Wise, Ph.D. | 53 | Director | 2020 | 2021 | I 12 Table of Contents PROPOSAL 1 • Election of Directors Class III Directors Nominated for Election at this Annual Meeting Mark Dankberg is a founder of Viasat and has served as Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer since its inception in 1986. Mr. Dankberg also has significant expertise and perspective as a member of the boards of directors of companies in various industries, including communications. Mr. Dankberg currently serves on the board of Lytx, Inc., a privately-held company that provides fleet safety management solutions, and the Rice University Board of Trustees. Prior to founding Viasat, he was Assistant Vice President of M/A-COM Linkabit, a manufacturer of satellite telecommunications equipment, from 1979 to 1986, and Communications Engineer for Rockwell International Corporation from 1977 to 1979. Mr. Dankberg holds B.S.E.E. and M.E.E. degrees from Rice University. Mr. Dankberg provides our Board with significant operational, business and technological expertise in the satellite and communications industries, and intimate knowledge of the issues facing our management. | Mark Dankberg Director Since: 1986 Varsha Rao has been a director of Viasat since 2017. Ms. Rao has served as the Chief Executive Officer and a director of Nurx Inc., a direct-to-consumer telehealth platform, since April 2019. From September 2017 to April 2019, she served as Chief Operating Officer of Clover Health Inc., a health insurance technology company. From 2013 to 2016, Ms. Rao served as the Head of Global Operations at Airbnb, Inc., a global travel marketplace. From 2011 to 2013, she served as the Senior Vice President International of LivingSocial, Inc. (owned by Groupon), an online marketplace for daily deals. From 2008 to 2011, Ms. Rao served as the Chief Executive Officer of SingTel Digital Media Pte Ltd., an online search and lifestyle portal and wholly-owned subsidiary of SingTel. From 2004 to 2008, she served as Vice President and General Manager of OldNavy.com, an e-commerce division of Gap, Inc. She also previously founded and sold Eve.com, an online beauty retailer, and served as an Engagement Manager at McKinsey & Co., a consulting company. Ms. Rao earned a B.A. degree in Mathematics and a B.S. degree in Economics from the University of Pennsylvania, and an M.B.A. degree from the Harvard Business School. Ms. Rao provides our Board with significant international e-commerce, media and telecommunications expertise due to her leadership roles focused on those disciplines at various companies. | Varsha Rao Director Since: 2017 2020 Proxy Statement 13 Table of Contents PROPOSAL 1 • Election of Directors Class I Directors with Terms Expiring in 2021 Robert Johnson Director Since: 1986 | Robert Johnson has been a director of Viasat since 1986. Mr. Johnson has worked in the venture capital industry since 1980, and has acted as an independent investor and served on the board of directors of a number of entrepreneurial companies since 1983. Mr. Johnson has also taught classes at the Stanford Graduate School of Business, Stanford Department of Engineering, California Institute of Technology, UCLA Anderson School of Management and the Claremont Graduate School. Mr. Johnson earned B.S. and M.S. degrees in Electrical Engineering from Stanford University, and M.B.A. and D.B.A. degrees from the Harvard Business School. Mr. Johnson provides our Board with significant business and corporate finance expertise as a result of his role as an investor in companies in various industries. John Stenbit Director Since: 2004 | John Stenbit has been a director of Viasat since 2004, and is a consultant for various government and commercial clients. From 2001 to 2004, Mr. Stenbit served as the Assistant Secretary of Defense for Command, Control, Communications, and Intelligence, or C3I, and later as Assistant Secretary of Defense of Networks and Information Integration / Department of Defense Chief Information Officer, the C3I successor organization. From 1977 to 2001, Mr. Stenbit worked for TRW, Inc., retiring as Executive Vice President. Mr. Stenbit was a Fulbright Fellow and Aerospace Corporation Fellow at the Technische Hogeschool, Einhoven, Netherlands. Mr. Stenbit has chaired the Science Advisory Panel for the Administrator of the Federal Aviation Administration and to the Director of the Central Intelligence Agency. He also has significant expertise and perspective as a member of the boards of directors of private and public companies in various industries. Mr. Stenbit currently serves on the boards of directors of Loral Space & Communications Inc. (Nasdaq: LORL) and ScribeRule, a private corporation. Mr. Stenbit previously served as a director of Cogent, Inc., SM&A Corporation and SI International, Inc., as a member of the Advisory Board of the National Security Agency and of the Science Advisory Group of the U.S. Strategic Command. Mr. Stenbit provides our Board with significant technological, defense and national security expertise as a result of his distinguished career of corporate and government service focused on the communications, aerospace and satellite fields. Theresa Wise, Ph.D. Director Since: 2020 | Theresa Wise, Ph.D. has been a director of Viasat since 2020, and is Chief Executive Officer and principal for Utaza, LLC, an information technology consulting company, a role she has held since 2017. Dr. Wise is the former Senior Vice President and Chief Information Officer of Delta Air Lines, a commercial airline, a role she held from 2008 to 2016. Prior to joining Delta, Dr. Wise held a number of positions at Northwest Airlines Corporation, a commercial airline, including serving as the company’s Chief Information Officer from 2001 until Northwest Airlines Corporation’s merger with Delta in 2008. Dr. Wise currently serves on the Board of Directors of Impinj, Inc., a manufacturer of radio-frequency identification devices and software, and TCF Financial Corporation, a financial services company. Dr. Wise received a B.A. degree in mathematics and chemistry from St. Olaf College and Ph.D. and M.S. degrees in applied math from Cornell University. Dr. Wise provides our Board with expertise, perspective and proven experience in applying IT strategy and data analytics to advance end-user experiences. 14 Table of Contents PROPOSAL 1 • Election of Directors Class II Directors with Terms Expiring in 2022 Richard Baldridge has been a director of Viasat since 2016. Mr. Baldridge joined Viasat in April 1999, serving as our Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Chief Operating Officer from 2000 and as our Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer from 2002. Mr. Baldridge assumed his current role as President and Chief Operating Officer in 2003. In addition, Mr. Baldridge serves as a director of Ducommun Incorporated (NYSE: DCO), a provider of engineering and manufacturing services to the aerospace and defense industries, and EvoNexus, a San Diego based non-profit technology incubator. Prior to joining Viasat, Mr. Baldridge served as Vice President and General Manager of Raytheon Corporation’s Training Systems Division from January 1998 to April 1999. From June 1994 to December 1997, Mr. Baldridge served as Chief Operating Officer and Chief Financial Officer for Hughes Information Systems and Hughes Training Inc., prior to their acquisition by Raytheon in 1997. Mr. Baldridge’s other experience includes various senior financial and general management roles with General Dynamics Corporation. Mr. Baldridge holds a B.S.B.A. degree in Information Systems from New Mexico State University. Mr. Baldridge provides our Board with significant operational and financial expertise based on his roles at Viasat and other companies. | Richard Baldridge Director Since: 2016 Sean Pak has been a director of Viasat since 2018, and has served as Lead Independent Director since February 2019. Mr. Pak has been a partner at Quinn Emanuel Urquhart & Sullivan LLP since 2009, and he currently serves as the Co-Chair of its National Intellectual Property Litigation Practice and Co-Managing Partner of the San Francisco office. From 2002 to 2009, Mr. Pak was an attorney at Latham & Watkins LLP, and previously worked in engineering roles at Intel Corporation and the Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT) Artificial Intelligence Laboratory. He is a litigator with extensive experience litigating patents, trade secrets, copyrights and other intellectual property. Mr. Pak earned a J.D. degree ( cum laude ) from Harvard Law School, and B.S. and M. Eng. degrees in Electrical Engineering and Computer Science from MIT. Mr. Pak provides our Board with significant expertise in intellectual property development, strategy and enforcement, along with technological and engineering expertise in satellite systems, electrical engineering and computer science. | Sean Pak Director Since: 2018 Recommendation of the Board The Board of Directors unanimously recommends that you vote “ FOR ” the election of Mr. Dankberg and Ms. Rao. 2020 Proxy Statement 15 Table of Contents PROPOSAL 2: Ratification of Appointment of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm Overview The Audit Committee has selected PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP as Viasat’s independent registered public accounting firm for our fiscal year ending March 31, 2021. PricewaterhouseCoopers has served as our independent
registered public accounting firm since the fiscal year ended March 31, 1992. Representatives of PricewaterhouseCoopers are expected to be present at the annual meeting, will have an opportunity to make a statement if they so desire and will be
available to respond to appropriate questions. Stockholder ratification of the selection of PricewaterhouseCoopers as our independent
registered public accounting firm is not required by our bylaws or otherwise. However, we are submitting the selection of PricewaterhouseCoopers to the stockholders for ratification as a matter of good corporate practice. If the selection is not
ratified, the Audit Committee will reconsider whether or not to retain PricewaterhouseCoopers, and may retain that firm or another without re-submitting the matter to the stockholders. Even if the selection is
ratified, the Audit Committee may, in its discretion, direct the appointment of a different firm at any time during the year if it determines that such a change would be in the best interests of the company and its stockholders. Principal Accountant Fees and Services The following is a summary of the PricewaterhouseCoopers fees for professional services rendered for the fiscal years ended March 31, 2020 and
March 31, 2019: Fee Category | FY 2020 Fees ($) | FY 2019 Fees ($)
Audit Fees | 3,296,129 | 2,996,589
Audit-Related Fees | 135,000 | —
Tax Fees | 23,983 | 94,550
All Other Fees | 19,714 | 13,100
Total Fees | 3,474,826 | 3,104,239 Audit
Fees. This category includes the audit of our annual consolidated financial statements and the audit of our internal control over financial reporting, review of
financial statements included in our Form 10-Q quarterly reports, and services that are normally provided by the independent registered public accounting firm in connection with statutory and regulatory
filings or engagements. Audit-Related
Fees. This category consists of assurance and related services provided by PricewaterhouseCoopers that are reasonably related to the performance of the audit or review
of our consolidated financial statements, and are not reported above as Audit Fees. These services include accounting consultations in connection with acquisitions, and consultations concerning financial accounting and reporting standards. Tax Fees. This category
consists of professional services rendered by PricewaterhouseCoopers, primarily in connection with tax compliance, tax planning and tax advice activities. These services include assistance with the preparation of tax returns, claims for refunds,
value added tax compliance, and consultations on state, local and international tax matters. All Other
Fees. This category consists of fees for products and services other than the services reported above, including fees for subscription to PricewaterhouseCoopers’
online research tool. 16 Table of Contents PROPOSAL 2 • Ratification of Appointment of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm Pre-Approval Policy of the Audit Committee The Audit Committee has established a policy that all audit and permissible non-audit services provided by
our independent registered public accounting firm will be pre-approved by the Audit Committee. These services may include audit services, audit-related services, tax services and other services. The Audit
Committee considers whether the provision of each non-audit service is compatible with maintaining the independence of the independent registered public accounting firm. Pre-approval is detailed as to the particular service or category of services and is generally subject to a specific budget. The independent registered public accounting firm and management are required to
periodically report to the Audit Committee regarding the extent of services provided by the independent registered public accounting firm in accordance with this pre-approval policy, and the fees for the
services performed to date. During fiscal year 2020, the fees paid to PricewaterhouseCoopers shown in the table above were pre-approved in accordance with this policy. Recommendation of the Board The Board of Directors unanimously recommends that you vote “ FOR ” the ratification of the appointment of PricewaterhouseCoopers as
Viasat’s independent registered public accounting firm for fiscal year 2021. 2020 Proxy Statement 17 Table of Contents PROPOSAL 3: Advisory Vote On Executive Compensation Overview Pursuant to Section 14A of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, we are providing Viasat stockholders with an opportunity to cast an advisory vote to endorse or not endorse the compensation of our Named Executive
Officers (identified in the Summary Compensation Table) as disclosed in this proxy statement. This proposal, commonly known as a “say-on-pay” proposal, gives
our stockholders the opportunity to express their views on the design and effectiveness of our executive compensation program. This vote is not intended to address any specific item of compensation, but rather the overall compensation of our Named
Executive Officers and the compensation philosophy, policies and practices described in this proxy statement. Stockholder Engagement and
Responsiveness. Our management team regularly engages with our stockholders to proactively understand their perspectives on our business and strategy and
our governance and compensation practices, and to address any concerns they may have. During fiscal year 2020, we engaged in substantive conversations with stockholders representing approximately 73% of our total outstanding common stock. Our Board of Directors has demonstrated responsiveness to feedback received during these discussions through the recent changes we have
made to our executive compensation program, as described below. What We Heard | What We Did
Seek further alignment of executive compensation with long-term stockholder interests | Implemented a performance-based equity program in fiscal year 2018 and maintained program in subsequent annual grants in fiscal years 2019 and 2020
Increase weighting of objective, financial criteria in determining annual bonus payouts | Increased weighting of objective, financial criteria in bonus determination to 50% for Chief Executive Officer, consistent with weighting for all other executive officers, in fiscal year 2020
Replace target annual bonus ranges with specific target annual bonuses percentages for each executive officer | Shifted to a specific annual bonus target for annual incentive compensation in fiscal year 2021
Adopt a maximum cap on annual bonus payouts | Implemented a maximum annual bonus payout, equal to 250% of target, for all executive officers in fiscal year 2020
Provide additional disclosure around peer group selection process | Included enhanced peer group disclosure in 2020 proxy statement, including changes made to fiscal year 2021 peers
Implement a clawback policy | Adopted a clawback policy in fiscal year 2021 to enable recovery of cash and equity incentive compensation related to a financial restatement as a result of an executive officer’s misconduct These changes are described more fully in the Compensation Discussion and Analysis section of this proxy statement.
We are committed to continuing an active dialogue with our stockholders to ensure that the Board’s decisions are informed by investor feedback, and that we continue to evolve our corporate governance practices and compensation programs to best
support long-term value creation. Executive Compensation Philosophy. Our executive compensation program has been designed to encourage high performance, promote accountability and align the interests of our executive officers with the
interests of our stockholders by linking a substantial portion of their total direct compensation to our performance. The program is designed to reward superior performance and provide financial consequences for underperformance. The program is also
designed to attract, retain and motivate a talented team of executive officers with superior ability, experience and leadership to grow our business and build stockholder value. We urge our stockholders to read the Compensation Discussion and
Analysis section of this proxy statement, which describes in more detail how our compensation policies and practices operate and are designed to achieve our compensation objectives, as well as the Summary Compensation Table and other related
compensation tables and disclosures, which provide detailed information on the compensation of our Named Executive Officers. We believe that our executive compensation program fulfills these objectives and that the compensation of our Named
Executive Officers is instrumental in contributing to Viasat’s long-term success. 18 Table of Contents PROPOSAL 3 • Advisory Vote On Executive Compensation We request stockholder approval, on an advisory basis, of the compensation of Viasat’s Named Executive Officers, as disclosed in Viasat’s
proxy statement for the 2020 annual meeting of stockholders pursuant to the compensation disclosure rules of the SEC, including the Compensation Discussion and Analysis, the Summary Compensation Table and the other related compensation tables and
disclosures. While this advisory vote is non-binding, our Board of Directors values the opinions
that our stockholders express in their votes and will, as a matter of good corporate practice, take into account the outcome of the vote when considering future compensation decisions. Consistent with the preference of our stockholders as reflected in our prior non-binding advisory vote on
the frequency of future say-on-pay votes, we will continue to hold an advisory say-on-pay vote on an annual basis unless otherwise disclosed. Following this year’s advisory vote, the next scheduled advisory say-on-pay vote will take place at our 2021
annual meeting of stockholders. Recommendation of the Board The Board of Directors unanimously recommends that you vote “ FOR ” the approval of the compensation of the Named Executive Officers
as disclosed in this proxy statement. 2020 Proxy Statement 19 Table of Contents PROPOSAL 4: Amendment and Restatement of the 1996 Equity Participation Plan Overview We are requesting that our stockholders approve the amendment and restatement of our existing 1996 Equity Participation Plan, or the Equity Plan. In this proxy statement, we sometimes refer to the proposed amended and restated 1996
Equity Participation Plan as the Restated Equity Plan. On June 15, 2020, our Board of Directors approved the Restated Equity Plan, subject to stockholder approval at the annual meeting. The Restated Equity Plan will become effective on the day
of the annual meeting, assuming approval of this Proposal 4 by our stockholders. Summary of Material
Amendments. The Restated Equity Plan will implement the following material changes: • | Increase in Share Reserve. If approved by the stockholders, the Restated Equity Plan will provide for an increase of 2,675,000 shares over the number of shares of common stock currently available for issuance under the Equity Plan. As of July 1, 2020, approximately 3,108,026 shares remained available for issuance under the Equity Plan, which is insufficient to meet our forecasted needs during the next year. After carefully forecasting our anticipated workforce, we believe that this increase will be sufficient for at least one year’s worth of equity-based grants under our current compensation program. The Board will continue to evaluate equity needs in the context of the business and broader compensation program in the future. • | Extension of Time Period for Granting Incentive Stock Options. The Restated Equity Plan will permit the granting of stock options that are intended to qualify as incentive stock options, or ISOs, as defined under Section 422 of the Internal Revenue Code, or the Code, through June 15, 2030. • | Amendment of Certain Vesting Provisions. The Restated Equity Plan provides that annual, formulaic equity awards granted to our non-employee directors will vest upon death, disability or a change in control, and adds certain limited exceptions to the minimum vesting provision in the plan. Stockholder Approval Requirement. In general, stockholder approval of the Restated Equity Plan will implement the foregoing changes while (1) complying with the terms of the Equity Plan regarding amendments,
(2) meeting the stockholder approval requirements of Nasdaq, and (3) preserving our ability to grant stock options under the Restated Equity Plan that are intended to qualify as ISOs. If this Proposal 4 is not approved, the Restated Equity Plan will not become effective, the existing Equity Plan will continue in full force and
effect, and we may continue to grant awards under the Equity Plan, subject to its terms, conditions and limitations, using the shares of our common stock available for issuance thereunder. The Board recommends that you vote “FOR” the Restated Equity Plan. Why You Should Vote for the Restated Equity Plan Equity Incentive Awards Are an Important Part of Our Compensation Philosophy. Our equity compensation plans are critical to our ongoing effort to build stockholder value. As discussed in the Compensation Discussion and Analysis section of this proxy statement,
equity incentive awards are central to our compensation program. Our Board of Directors and its Compensation and Human Resources Committee believe that our ability to grant equity incentive awards to new and existing employees, non-employee directors and eligible consultants has helped us attract, retain and motivate world-class talent across a broad base of employees at different levels of the organization. Historically, we have primarily
granted stock options and restricted stock unit awards because these forms of equity compensation provide a strong retention value and incentive for our employees to work to grow the business and build stockholder value, and are attractive to
employees who share the entrepreneurial spirit that has made Viasat a success. Beginning in fiscal year 2018, our executive officers received a combination of restricted stock units and performance-based stock options as we believe the form of these
awards continues to drive strong retention value while promoting further alignment with stockholder interests by motivating them to achieve superior performance results. We believe our strategy is working. During the last two years, our employee turnover rate, inclusive of both voluntary and involuntary turnover, has
averaged 9.2%, which is much lower than the annual 22.4% employee turnover rate for companies in a similar industry as reported in the Q4 2019 Radford Turnover & Hiring Sentiment report. We believe employee retention is particularly
important to our success due to the extended time required to design, construct and launch our advanced satellite systems. Also, our
equity incentive program is broad-based, which has worked to build stockholder value by attracting and retaining extraordinarily talented employees. We believe we must continue to offer a competitive equity compensation plan in order to 20 Table of Contents PROPOSAL 4 • Amendment and Restatement of the 1996 Equity Participation Plan attract and motivate the world-class talent necessary for our continued growth and success. As of July 1, 2020, 47.7% of our employees held
outstanding equity awards and all six of our non-employee directors held outstanding equity awards. The Equity Plan Will No Longer Have Shares Available for Grant. Under our current forecasts, the Equity Plan will run out
of shares available for grant in less than one year, and we will not be able to continue to grant equity to our employees, non-employee directors and consultants unless our stockholders approve the Restated
Equity Plan. This assumes we continue to grant awards consistent with our historical usage and current practices, as reflected in our historical burn rate discussed below. While we could increase cash compensation if we are unable to grant equity
incentives, we anticipate that we will have difficulty attracting, retaining and motivating our employees if we are unable to grant equity awards to them. Equity-based grants are a more effective compensation vehicle than cash at a growth-oriented,
entrepreneurial company because they align employee and stockholder interests, while minimizing impact on current income and cash flow. We Manage Our Equity Incentive Award Use Carefully. We manage our long-term stockholder dilution by limiting the number of
equity awards granted annually. The Compensation and Human Resources Committee carefully monitors our total dilution and equity expense to ensure that we maximize stockholder value by granting only the appropriate number of equity awards necessary
to attract, reward and retain our talented employees. The following table summarizes the equity awards outstanding and shares of our common stock available for grant under our existing Equity Plan as of July 1, 2020, and the proposed increase
in shares authorized for issuance under the Restated Equity Plan: Equity Compensation Plans as of July 1, 2020 Number of Shares | As a % of Shares Outstanding (1) | Dollar Value (2)
Equity Plan
Options outstanding (3) | 2,856,039 | 4.5 | % | $ | 105,016,554
Weighted average exercise price of outstanding options | $69.13
Weighted average remaining term of outstanding options | 3.27 years
Restricted stock units outstanding | 3,001,442 | 4.8 | % | $ | 110,363,022
Shares available for grant (4) | 3,108,026 | 4.9 | % | $ | 114,282,116
Proposed increase in shares available for future issuance under Restated Equity Plan (over existing share reserve under Equity Plan) | 2,675,000 | 4.2 | % | $ | 98,359,750
Employee Stock Purchase Plan
Shares available for grant | 695,302 | 1.1 | % | $ | 25,566,255 (1) | Based on 63,026,001 shares of Viasat common stock outstanding as of July 1, 2020. (2) | Based on the closing price per share of Viasat common stock on July 1, 2020 ($36.77). (3) | Includes an aggregate of 1,630,806 performance-based stock options granted in fiscal years 2020, 2019 and 2018 (based on “target” level of performance). Performance-based stock options may be eligible to vest at 175% of the “target” award levels at “maximum” performance. (4) | For purposes of calculating the shares that remain available for grant under the Equity Plan, each “full value” award is counted using the applicable ratio as specified in the Equity Plan and performance-based stock options are calculated assuming “maximum” performance. In fiscal years 2020, 2019 and 2018, our annual gross burn rates under the Equity Plan were 3.13%, 3.16% and 2.94%, respectively (calculated by
dividing (1) the number of shares subject to equity awards granted during the applicable fiscal year by (2) the weighted-average number of shares outstanding during such fiscal year). If we multiply each “full-value award” by a
multiplier of 2.0 (consistent with the methodology employed by certain proxy advisory firms), the “adjusted” annual gross burn rates under the Equity Plan would be 4.23%, 4.48% and 4.08% for fiscal years 2020, 2019 and 2018, respectively.
Our three-year average “adjusted” gross burn rate of 4.26% during this period falls below the applicable ISS burn rate benchmark of 6.95% for Russell 3000 Technology Hardware and Equipment companies. As permitted under the burn rate
calculation policy published by ISS, the foregoing burn rate calculations exclude the performance-based stock options granted during fiscal years 2020, 2019 and 2018. In fiscal years 2020, 2019 and 2018, we issued performance-based stock options to
purchase an aggregate of 603,306, 530,000 and 497,500 shares of our common stock at “target” performance, respectively, which represented 0.98%, 0.88% and 0.85% of the weighted-average number of shares outstanding during fiscal years 2020,
2019 and 2018, respectively. In fiscal years 2020, 2019, and 2018, our end of year equity overhang rates for the Equity Plan were
14.45%, 12.86% and 12.35%, respectively (calculated by dividing (1) the number of shares subject to equity awards outstanding at the end of the applicable fiscal year plus the number of shares remaining available for issuance under the Equity
Plan at the end of such 2020 Proxy Statement 21 Table of Contents PROPOSAL
4 • Amendment and Restatement of the 1996 Equity Participation Plan fiscal year by (2) the number of our shares outstanding at the end of
such fiscal year). If approved, the issuance of the additional 2,675,000 shares to be reserved under the Restated Equity Plan would dilute the holdings of stockholders by an additional 4.24%, based on the number of shares of Viasat common stock
outstanding as of July 1, 2020. In requesting approval of the Restated Equity Plan, we are asking stockholders for a pool of shares
anticipated for one year’s worth of equity-based grants under our current compensation program to provide a predictable but competitive amount of equity for attracting, retaining and motivating employees, non-employee directors and consultants as we continue to grow. We cannot predict our future equity grant practices, the future price of our shares or future hiring activity with any degree of certainty at this
time, and the share reserve under the Restated Equity Plan could last for a shorter or longer time. The Board of Directors will not create a subcommittee to evaluate the risks and benefits for issuing the additional authorized shares requested. The Restated Equity Plan Combines Compensation and Governance Best Practices. The Restated Equity Plan includes provisions that are designed to protect our stockholders’ interests and to reflect corporate governance “best practices” including: • | Continued broad-based eligibility for equity awards. We grant equity awards to a significant number of our employees. By doing so, we link employee interests with stockholder interests throughout the organization and motivate our employees to act as owners of the business. • | Stockholder approval is required for additional shares . The Restated Equity Plan does not contain an annual “evergreen” provision. The Restated Equity Plan authorizes a fixed number of shares, so that stockholder approval is required to increase the maximum number of shares of our common stock which may be issued under the Restated Equity Plan. • | No discount stock options or stock appreciation rights. All stock options and stock appreciation rights will have an exercise price equal to or greater than the fair market value of our common stock on the date the stock option or stock appreciation right is granted. To date, we have not granted any stock appreciation rights. • | Minimum vesting provision. The Restated Equity Plan imposes a minimum one-year vesting requirement on all equity awards, with limited exceptions. • | No single-trigger vesting of awards for employees. The Restated Equity Plan does not provide employees with any single-trigger accelerated vesting provisions for changes in control. • | Limitations on awards. Not more than 1,000,000 shares may be subject to options or stock appreciation rights for any one individual per fiscal year. The Restated Equity Plan also has an individual award limit of 300,000 shares per fiscal year for grants of restricted stock, performance awards, dividend equivalents, restricted stock units and stock payments (except for grants made upon initial service of an employee, which have an award limit of 600,000 shares). In addition, the maximum aggregate amount of cash that may be paid in cash to any one person during any fiscal year with respect to one or more awards initially payable in cash is $5,000,000. • | Repricing is not allowed. The Restated Equity Plan prohibits the repricing or other exchange of underwater stock options and stock appreciation rights for new awards or cash without prior stockholder approval. • | No tax gross-ups . The Restated Equity Plan does not provide for any tax gross-ups. • | Reasonable limit on full value awards. For purposes of calculating the shares that remain available for issuance under the Restated Equity Plan, grants of stock options and stock appreciation rights will be counted as the grant of one share for each one share actually granted, as described above. However, to protect our stockholders from potentially greater dilutive effect of full value awards, all grants of full value awards will be counted against the Restated Equity Plan’s share reserve as 2 shares for each share subject to full value awards. • | Reasonable share counting provisions. In general, when awards granted under the Restated Equity Plan expire or are canceled, or are settled in cash, or when the shares subject to a full value award are forfeited by the holder or withheld or repurchased by us, including to satisfy any tax withholding obligation with respect to such full value award, the shares reserved for those awards will be returned to the share reserve and be available for future awards in an amount corresponding to the reduction in the share reserve previously made with respect to such award (provided that shares tendered by the holder or withheld by us to satisfy any tax withholding obligation with respect to a full value award at a tax withholding rate in excess of the minimum tax withholding obligation shall not be added back to the share reserve to the extent in excess of such minimum tax withholding obligation). However, the following shares will not be returned to the share reserve under the Restated Equity Plan: (1) shares of common stock that are delivered by the grantee or withheld by us as payment of the exercise price in connection with the exercise of an option or payment of the tax withholding obligation in connection with any option or stock appreciation right; (2) shares purchased on the open market with the cash proceeds from the exercise of options; and (3) shares subject to a stock appreciation right that are not issued in connection with the stock settlement of the stock appreciation right on its exercise. • | Limitations on dividend and dividend equivalent payments on unvested awards. Dividends and dividend equivalents may not be paid on awards subject to vesting conditions unless and until such conditions are met. 22 Table of Contents PROPOSAL 4 • Amendment and Restatement of the 1996 Equity Participation Plan Summary of the Restated Equity Plan The following is a summary of the Restated Equity Plan. This summary does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference
to the full text of the Restated Equity Plan, a copy of which is attached as Appendix A to this proxy statement. General Nature and Purpose. The Restated Equity Plan was adopted (1) to further our growth, development and financial
success by providing additional incentives to some of our key employees who have been or will be given responsibility for the management or administration of our business affairs, by assisting them to become owners of our capital stock and thus to
benefit directly from our growth, development and financial success, and (2) to enable us to retain the services of the type of professional, technical and managerial employees considered essential to our long-range success, by providing and
offering them the opportunity to become owners of our capital stock. The Restated Equity Plan provides for the grant to our executive officers, other key employees, consultants and non-employee directors of a
broad variety of stock-based compensation alternatives such as non-qualified stock options, incentive stock options, restricted stock, restricted stock units, dividend equivalents, stock payments, stock
appreciation rights and performance awards. Administration. The Compensation and Human Resources Committee of the Board of Directors will administer the Restated Equity Plan. The full Board of Directors will administer the Restated Equity Plan
with respect to awards to non-employee directors. The Compensation and Human Resources Committee and the Board of Directors, as applicable, are referred to in this summary as the plan administrator. In
addition to administering the Restated Equity Plan, the plan administrator is also authorized to adopt, amend and rescind rules relating to the administration of the Restated Equity Plan. Shares Subject to Restated Equity
Plan. The Equity Plan currently provides for the issuance of up to 35,350,000 shares of our common stock (of which 3,108,026 shares remain available for issuance as of
July 1, 2020) and, if this Proposal 4 is approved, the Restated Equity Plan will provide for the issuance of up to 38,025,000 shares of our common stock. Under the terms of the Restated Equity Plan, the shares available for issuance may be used
for all types of awards under a fungible pool formula. Pursuant to this fungible pool formula, the available share reserve will be reduced by one share for every one share subject to an option or a stock appreciation right. Full value awards will be
counted against the Restated Equity Plan’s available share reserve as 2 shares for each share subject to full value awards. The payment of dividend equivalents in cash in conjunction with any outstanding awards will not be counted against
the shares available for issuance under the Restated Equity Plan. If (1) any award under the Restated Equity Plan expires or is
cancelled without having been fully exercised or paid or such award is settled for cash, (2) any shares subject to a full value award are forfeited by the holder or repurchased by us, or (3) any shares are tendered by the holder or
withheld by us to satisfy any tax withholding obligation with respect to a full value award, then the shares subject to such award may, to the extent of such expiration, cancellation, cash settlement, forfeiture or repurchase, be used again for new
grants under the Restated Equity Plan in an amount corresponding to the reduction in the share reserve previously made with respect to such award. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the following shares will not be added to the shares authorized for grant under the Restated Equity Plan: (1) any shares tendered or withheld to satisfy the exercise price of an option or any tax
withholding obligation with respect to an option or stock appreciation right, (2) any shares subject to a stock appreciation right that are not issued in connection with the stock settlement of the stock appreciation right on its exercise,
(3) any shares purchased on the open market with the cash proceeds from the exercise of options, and (4) any shares tendered by the holder or withheld by us to satisfy any tax withholding obligation with respect to a full value award at a
tax withholding rate in excess of the minimum tax withholding obligation, to the extent in excess of such minimum tax withholding obligation. The number of shares subject to the Restated Equity Plan, and the limitations on the number of shares subject to grants and awards under the Restated Equity Plan, may in the discretion of the plan administrator be adjusted to
reflect changes in our capitalization or certain corporate events which are described more fully in the Restated Equity Plan, but include stock splits, recapitalizations, reorganizations and reclassifications. In the event of an equity
restructuring, (1) the number and type of securities subject to each outstanding award and the grant or exercise price per share for each outstanding award, if applicable, will be proportionately adjusted, and (2) the plan administrator
will make proportionate adjustments to reflect such equity restructuring with respect to the aggregate number and type of shares that may be issued under the Restated Equity Plan (including, but not limited to, adjustments of the number of shares
available under the plan and the maximum number of shares which may be subject to awards to a participant during any fiscal year). Under
the Restated Equity Plan, not more than 1,000,000 shares may be subject to options or stock appreciation rights for any one individual per fiscal year. The Restated Equity Plan also has an individual award limit of 300,000 shares per
fiscal year for grants of restricted stock, performance awards, dividend equivalents, restricted stock units and stock payments (except for grants made upon initial service of an employee, which has an award limit of 600,000 shares). In
addition, the maximum aggregate amount of cash that may be paid in cash to any one person during any fiscal year with respect to one or more awards initially payable in cash shall be $5,000,000. 2020 Proxy Statement 23 Table of Contents PROPOSAL
4 • Amendment and Restatement of the 1996 Equity Participation Plan Eligibility. Any employee, consultant or non-employee director selected by the plan administrator is eligible to receive equity awards under the Restated
Equity Plan. The plan administrator, in its absolute discretion, will determine (1) among the eligible participants the individuals to whom awards are to be granted, (2) the number of shares to be granted, and (3) the terms and
conditions of the awards. As of July 1, 2020, outstanding equity awards have been issued to 2,813 of our approximately 5,900 employees, to one of our approximately 397 consultants, and to all six of our non-employee directors under the Equity Plan. Purchase Price of
Optioned Shares. The price per share of the shares subject to each option is set by the plan administrator. However, the price per share cannot be less than fair
market value on the date the option is granted. In the case of incentive stock options granted to an individual then owning more than 10% of the total combined voting power of all classes of stock of Viasat or any subsidiary or parent corporation of
Viasat, the exercise price per share for each such option cannot be less than 110% of the fair market value of a share of common stock on the date the option is granted. On July 1, 2020, the closing price of Viasat common stock on the Nasdaq
Global Select Market was $36.77 per share. Terms of Options. The term of an option is set by the plan administrator in its discretion. However, the term of an option cannot exceed six years under the Restated Equity Plan. In the case of
incentive stock options granted to an individual then owning more than 10% of the total combined voting power of all classes of stock of Viasat, the term may not exceed five years. Exercise of Options. Upon the
exercise of an option under the Restated Equity Plan, the optionee must make full cash payment to the Corporate Secretary of Viasat for the shares with respect to which the option, or portion of the option, is exercised. However, the plan
administrator may in its discretion allow various forms of payment, which are described in the Restated Equity Plan. Other Stock Awards. The Restated Equity Plan allows for various other awards including restricted stock, performance
awards, dividend equivalents, restricted stock units, stock payments and stock appreciation rights. Except as expressly permitted by the Restated Equity Plan, awards of restricted stock will have a minimum vesting schedule of three years (except for
restricted stock performance awards, which will have a minimum performance period of one year). The term of a stock appreciation right cannot exceed six years under the Restated Equity Plan and the exercise price per share of a stock appreciation
right cannot be less than fair market value on the date the stock appreciation right is granted. Dividends and dividend equivalents may not be paid on awards subject to vesting conditions unless and until such conditions are met. Director Compensation. During the
term of the Restated Equity Plan, a person who is initially elected to the Board of Directors and who is a non-employee director at that time is automatically granted 3,000 restricted stock units and an option
to purchase 9,000 shares of common stock. At each subsequent annual meeting of stockholders, each non-employee director will automatically be granted 1,600 restricted stock units and an option to purchase
5,000 shares of common stock. The initial equity awards granted to non-employee directors vest in three equal annual installments on the first three anniversaries of the date of grant. The annual equity award
grants to non-employee directors vest in full on the first anniversary of the date of grant. Under the Restated Equity Plan, awards to non-employee directors will be
eligible for accelerated vesting in the event of a change in control or the director’s death or disability. Performance Criteria. Under the
Restated Equity Plan, the plan administrator may grant awards that are paid, vest or become exercisable upon the attainment of performance criteria, which may include, but are not limited to, one or more of the following business criteria with
respect to us, any of which may be measured with respect to our performance or the performance of a division, business unit or an individual: • | net earnings (either before or after one or more of the following: interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization), • | gross or net sales or revenue, • | net income (either before or after taxes), • | operating earnings or profit, • | cash flow (including, but not limited to, operating cash flow and free cash flow), • | return on assets, • | return on capital, • | return on stockholders’ equity, • | return on sales, • | gross or net profit or operating margin, • | costs, • | funds from operations, • | expenses, • | working capital, • | earnings per share, or • | price per share of Viasat common stock. 24 Table of Contents PROPOSAL 4 • Amendment and Restatement of the 1996 Equity Participation Plan The plan administrator will select the performance criteria (and any permissible objectively determinable adjustments) for each performance award
for purposes of establishing the performance goal(s) applicable to such performance award for the designated performance period. With regard to a particular performance period, the plan administrator will have the discretion to select the length of
the performance period, the type of performance-based awards to be granted, and the performance goals that will be used to measure the performance for the period. Minimum Vesting Requirement. The
Restated Equity Plan contains a minimum vesting period which provides that no award agreements will provide for vesting of the award thereunder earlier than one year after the applicable grant date; provided, however, that the plan administrator may
accelerate the vesting of an award in the case of a participant’s termination of service, death or disability, or a Corporate Transaction or Change in Control (each as defined in the Restated Equity Plan or in the applicable award agreement),
notwithstanding such minimum vesting provisions; and provided further that, the minimum vesting restrictions will not apply to (1) awards granted after the effective date of the Restated Equity Plan that cover, in the aggregate, no more than 5%
of the shares of common stock reserved for issuance under the Restated Equity Plan, (2) awards delivered in lieu of fully-vested cash-based awards under the Restated Equity Plan (or other fully-vested cash awards or payments), and (3) any
awards to non-employee directors for which the vesting period runs from the date of one annual meeting of our stockholders to the next annual meeting of our stockholders (so long as such period is at least 50
weeks). No Repricing. The
Restated Equity Plan prohibits the repricing or other exchange of underwater stock options or stock appreciation rights for new awards or cash without prior stockholder approval. Amendment and Termination of the
Plan. The Restated Equity Plan may be wholly or partially amended or otherwise modified, suspended or terminated at any time or from time to time by the plan
administrator. However, without approval of the stockholders of Viasat, (1) the Restated Equity Plan may not be amended to (a) increase the maximum number of shares issuable upon exercise of equity awards granted under the Restated Equity
Plan, or (b) increase the annual award limits applicable to participants, and (2) no action of the plan administrator may be taken that would otherwise require stockholder approval as a matter of applicable law, regulation or rule. The
Restated Equity Plan will continue until terminated by the plan administrator. No incentive stock options may be granted under the Restated Equity Plan after June 15, 2030. Securities Laws. The Restated Equity
Plan is intended to comply with all provisions of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and any and all regulations and rules promulgated by the SEC thereunder, including, without limitation,
Rule 16b-3. U.S. Federal Income Tax Consequences The following is a general discussion of the principal federal income tax considerations for both Viasat and the recipients of the various awards
under the Restated Equity Plan, and is based upon the tax laws and regulations of the United States existing as of the date hereof, all of which are subject to modification at any time. The following discussion is intended for general information
only. The tax consequences described below are subject to the limitations of Section 162(m) of the Code, as discussed in further detail below. Alternative minimum tax and other federal taxes and foreign, state and local income taxes are not
discussed, and may vary depending on individual circumstances and from locality to locality. Consequences
to Employees: Incentive Stock Options. No income is recognized for federal income tax purposes by an optionee at the time an incentive stock option is granted, and,
except as discussed below, no income is recognized by an optionee upon his or her exercise of an incentive stock option. If the optionee makes no disposition of the common stock received upon exercise of an incentive stock option within two years
from the date such option was granted or one year from the date the option is exercised, the optionee will recognize capital gain or loss when he or she disposes of the common stock. This gain or loss generally will be measured by the difference
between the exercise price of the option and the amount received for the common stock at the time of disposition. The exercise of an incentive stock option will give rise to an item of adjustment that may result in alternative minimum tax liability
for the optionee. If the optionee disposes of the common stock acquired upon exercise of an incentive stock option within two years after being granted the option or within one year after acquiring the common stock, any amount realized from such
disqualifying disposition will be taxable as ordinary income in the year of disposition to the extent that (1) the lesser of (a) the fair market value of the shares on the date the incentive stock option was exercised or (b) the fair
market value at the time of such disposition exceeds (2) the incentive stock option exercise price. Any amount realized upon disposition in excess of the fair market value of the shares on the date of exercise will be treated as long or
short-term capital gain, depending upon the length of time the shares have been held. Consequences to
Employees: Non-Qualified Stock Options. No income is recognized for federal income tax purposes by an optionee at the time a non-qualified stock option is granted. In general, at the time shares of common stock are issued to an optionee pursuant to exercise of a non-qualified stock option, the
optionee will recognize ordinary income equal to the excess of the fair market value of the shares on the date of exercise over the exercise price. An optionee will recognize gain or loss on the subsequent sale of common stock acquired upon exercise
of a non-qualified stock option in an amount equal to the difference between the selling price and the tax basis of the common stock, which will include the price paid plus the amount included in the
optionee’s income by reason of the exercise of the non-qualified stock option. Provided the shares of common 2020 Proxy Statement 25 Table of Contents PROPOSAL
4 • Amendment and Restatement of the 1996 Equity Participation Plan stock are held as a capital asset, any gain or loss resulting from a
subsequent sale will be short-term or long-term capital gain or loss depending upon the length of time the shares have been held. Consequences to Viasat: Incentive Stock Options. We will not be allowed a deduction for federal income tax purposes at the
time of the grant or exercise of an incentive stock option. There are also no federal income tax consequences to us as a result of the disposition of common stock acquired upon exercise of an incentive stock option if the disposition is not a
disqualifying disposition. At the time of a disqualifying disposition by an optionee, we will be entitled to a deduction for the amount received by the optionee to the extent that such amount is taxable to the optionee as ordinary income. Consequences to Viasat: Non-Qualified Stock Options. Generally, we will be entitled to a deduction for federal income tax purposes in the year and in the same amount as the optionee is considered to have realized ordinary income in
connection with the exercise of a non-qualified stock option. Restricted Stock. Generally, a
participant in the Restated Equity Plan will not be taxed upon the grant or purchase of restricted stock that is subject to a “substantial risk of forfeiture,” within the meaning of Section 83 of the Code, until such time as the
restricted stock is no longer subject to the substantial risk of forfeiture. At that time, the participant will be taxed on the difference between the fair market value of the common stock and the amount the participant paid, if any, for such
restricted stock. However, the recipient of restricted stock under the Restated Equity Plan may make an election under Section 83(b) of the Code to be taxed with respect to the restricted stock as of the date of transfer of the restricted stock
rather than the date or dates upon which the restricted stock is no longer subject to a substantial risk of forfeiture and the participant would otherwise be taxable under Section 83 of the Code. Viasat will be eligible for a tax deduction as a
compensation expense at the time the participant recognizes ordinary income equal to the amount of income recognized. Stock Appreciation Rights. A participant will not be taxed upon the grant of a stock appreciation right. Upon the exercise
of the stock appreciation right, the participant will recognize ordinary income equal to the amount of cash or the fair market value of the stock received upon exercise. At the time of exercise, Viasat will be eligible for a tax deduction as a
compensation expense equal to the amount that the participant recognizes as ordinary income. Performance
Awards, Dividend Equivalents, Restricted Stock Units and Stock Payments. A participant will have ordinary income upon receipt of stock or cash payable under a
performance award, dividend equivalents, restricted stock units and stock payments. Viasat will be eligible for a tax deduction as a compensation expense equal to the amount of ordinary income recognized by the participant. Section 162(m). Under
Section 162(m) of the Code, in general, income tax deductions of publicly-traded companies may be limited to the extent total compensation (including base salary, annual bonus, stock option exercises and non-qualified benefits paid in 1994 and thereafter) for certain “covered employees” exceeds $1 million in any one taxable year. Prior to the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017, or TCJA, covered
employees generally consisted of our chief executive officer and each of the next three highest compensated officers serving at the end of the taxable year other than our chief financial officer, and the deduction limit did not apply to certain
“performance-based” compensation established by an independent compensation committee which conformed to certain restrictive conditions stated under the Code and related regulations. As part of the TCJA, the ability to rely on this
exemption was, with certain limited exceptions, eliminated, and the definition of covered employees was expanded to generally include all named executive officers. Certain awards under the Equity Plan granted prior to November 2, 2017 may be
grandfathered from the changes made by the TCJA under certain limited transition relief, however, for grants after that date and any grants which are not grandfathered, we will no longer be able to take a deduction for any compensation in excess of
$1 million that is paid to a covered employee. There is no guarantee that any awards will be eligible for the transition relief or that we will be able to take a deduction for any compensation in excess of $1 million that is paid to a
covered employee under the Equity Plan or the Restated Equity Plan. 26 Table of Contents PROPOSAL 4 • Amendment and Restatement of the 1996 Equity Participation Plan New Plan Benefits The number of awards that an eligible individual may receive under the Restated Equity Plan is in the discretion of the Board of Directors or the Compensation and Human Resources Committee and therefore cannot be determined in
advance. As noted above, the Restated Equity Plan provides for automatic grants of restricted stock unit awards and stock options to non-employee directors. Other than these automatic awards, neither the
Compensation and Human Resources Committee nor the Board of Directors has made any determination to grant any awards to any persons under the Restated Equity Plan as of the date of this proxy statement. For illustrative purposes only, the following
table sets forth the aggregate number of shares subject to restricted stock unit awards and stock options granted under the Equity Plan during the last fiscal year to the following individuals and groups: Name or Group | Number of Shares Subject to Restricted Stock Units Granted (#) | Number of Shares Underlying Options Granted (#) (1)
Mark Dankberg | 60,908 | 143,888
Richard Baldridge | 51,772 | 122,305
Shawn Duffy | 17,403 | 41,111
Kevin Harkenrider | 13,922 | 32,889
Ken Peterman | 20,883 | 49,333
All current executive officers, as a group (12 persons) | 237,980 | 562,194
All current directors who are not executive officers, as a group (6 persons) | 11,000 | 34,000
All nominees for election as a director (2 persons) | 62,508 | 148,888
Each associate of any such directors, executive officers or nominees | — | —
Each other person who received or is to receive 5% of such options, warrants or rights | — | —
All other employees, as a group | 1,035,704 | 46,112 (1) | For purposes of the table above, performance-based stock options are included at “target” levels. Performance-based stock options may be eligible to vest at 175% of the “target” award levels at “maximum” performance. For a more detailed discussion of the performance-based stock options, see the “Executive Compensation” section below. Recommendation of the Board The Board of Directors unanimously recommends that you vote “ FOR ” the amendment and restatement of the Equity Plan. 2020 Proxy Statement 27 Table of Contents OWNERSHIP OF SECURITIES Beneficial Ownership Table The following table sets forth information known to us regarding the ownership of Viasat common stock as of July 1, 2020 by (1) each
director, (2) each of the Named Executive Officers identified in the Summary Compensation Table, (3) all directors and executive officers of Viasat as a group, and (4) all other stockholders known by us to be beneficial owners of more
than 5% of Viasat common stock. Name of Beneficial Owner (1) | Amount and Nature of Beneficial Ownership (2) | Percent Beneficial Ownership (%) (3)
Directors and Officers:
Mark Dankberg | 1,958,986 | (4) | 3.1
Robert Johnson | 713,496 | (5) | 1.1
Richard Baldridge | 393,498 | (6) | *
Shawn Duffy | 106,652 | (7) | *
Kevin Harkenrider | 73,783 | (8) | *
Harvey White | 59,330 | (9) | *
John Stenbit | 44,400 | (10) | *
Theresa Wise, Ph.D. | — | *
Ken Peterman | 43,454 | (11) | *
Varsha Rao | 23,450 | (12) | *
Sean Pak | 14,600 | (13) | *
All directors and executive officers as a group (18 persons) | 4,050,274 | 6.3
Other 5% Stockholders:
The Baupost Group, L.L.C. | 13,732,068 | (14) | 21.8
FPR Partners, LLC | 6,182,221 | (15) | 9.8
The Vanguard Group | 5,317,526 | (16) | 8.4
BlackRock, Inc. | 5,223,719 | (17) | 8.3 * | Less than 1%. (1) | This table shows beneficial ownership of our common stock as calculated under SEC rules, which specify that a person is the beneficial owner of securities if that person has sole or shared voting or investment power. Except as indicated in the footnotes to this table and pursuant to applicable community property laws, to our knowledge, the persons named in the table have sole voting and investment power with respect to all shares of common stock beneficially owned. Unless otherwise indicated, the address of each person or entity named is c/o Viasat, Inc., 6155 El Camino Real, Carlsbad, California 92009. (2) | In computing the number of shares beneficially owned by a person named in the table and the percentage ownership of that person, shares of common stock that such person had the right to acquire within 60 days after July 1, 2020 are deemed outstanding, including without limitation, upon the exercise of options or the vesting of restricted stock units. These shares are not, however, deemed outstanding for the purpose of computing the percentage ownership of any other person. References to options in the footnotes of the table include only options to purchase shares that were exercisable within 60 days after July 1, 2020 and references to restricted stock units in the footnotes of the table include only restricted stock units that are scheduled to vest within 60 days after July 1, 2020. (3) | For each person included in the table, percentage ownership is calculated by dividing the number of shares beneficially owned by such person by the sum of (a) 63,026,001 shares of common stock outstanding on July 1, 2020 plus (b) the number of shares of common stock that such person had the right to acquire within 60 days after July 1, 2020. (4) | Includes (a) 340,000 shares subject to options exercisable by Mr. Dankberg within 60 days after July 1, 2020, (b) 74,536 shares held by the Dankberg Family Foundation, (c) 1,542,177 shares held by the Dankberg Family Trust, and (d) 587,049 shares pledged as collateral in a brokerage margin account. With respect to the shares pledged by Mr. Dankberg, it should be noted that (i) Mr. Dankberg’s pledged shares are not designed to shift or hedge any economic risk associated with his ownership of Viasat common stock, (ii) the total number of shares of Viasat common stock pledged under this margin account arrangement constituted less than 1.0% of the total outstanding shares of Viasat common stock as of July 1, 2020, (iii) the maximum aggregate principal amount of advances secured by Mr. Dankberg’s pledged shares is $9.5 million, which, based on the closing price of Viasat common stock on July 1, 2020, would be equivalent to only approximately 258,363 shares of Viasat common stock, and (iv) Mr. Dankberg has advised us that he has the financial capacity to meet a margin call or repay any advance under his margin agreement without resort to the pledged shares. 28 Table of Contents OWNERSHIP OF
SECURITIES • Beneficial Ownership Table (5) | Includes (a) 25,000 shares subject to options exercisable by Mr. Johnson within 60 days after July 1, 2020, and (b) 688,496 shares held by the Robert W. Johnson Revocable Trust dated 8/13/1992. (6) | Includes (a) 244,375 shares subject to options exercisable by Mr. Baldridge within 60 days after July 1, 2020, and (b) 146,304 shares held by the Richard and Donna Baldridge Family Trust. (7) | Includes 70,625 shares subject to options exercisable by Ms. Duffy within 60 days after July 1, 2020. (8) | Includes 58,625 shares subject to options exercisable by Mr. Harkenrider within 60 days after July 1, 2020. (9) | Includes (a) 5,000 shares subject to options exercisable by Mr. White within 60 days after July 1, 2020, (b) 51,613 shares held by the Harvey P. and Sheryl L. White Trust and (c) 2,717 shares held by the Sheryl and Harvey White Foundation. (10) | Includes (a) 25,000 shares subject to options exercisable by Mr. Stenbit within 60 days after July 1, 2020, and (b) 16,200 shares held by THE PIETJE 2012 GIFT TRUST. (11) | Includes 11,000 shares subject to options exercisable by Mr. Peterman within 60 days after July 1, 2020. (12) | Includes (a) 19,000 shares subject to options exercisable by Ms. Rao within 60 days after July 1, 2020, and (b) 1,000 shares subject to restricted stock units that are scheduled to vest within 60 days after July 1, 2020. (13) | Includes (a) 11,000 shares subject to options exercisable by Mr. Pak within 60 days after July 1, 2020, and (b) 3,600 shares held by the Sean S. Pak and Caroline K. Shin Revocable Trust dated April 29, 2015. (14) | Based solely on information contained in a Schedule 13D jointly filed with the SEC on October 4, 2018 by The Baupost Group, L.L.C. (Baupost), Baupost Group GP, L.L.C. (Baupost GP) and Seth A. Klarman. Such Schedule states that Baupost, Baupost GP and Mr. Klarman have shared voting and dispositive power over 13,732,068 shares. Baupost is a registered investment adviser and acts as an investment adviser and general partner to certain private investment limited partnerships. Baupost GP is the manager of Baupost. Mr. Klarman is the sole managing member of Baupost GP and a controlling person of Baupost. The address of Baupost, Baupost GP and Mr. Klarman is 10 St. James Avenue, Suite 1700, Boston, Massachusetts 02116. (15) | Based solely on information contained in a Schedule 13G jointly filed with the SEC on March 17, 2020, and Form 4s jointly filed with the SEC on March 27, 2020, March 31, 2020 and July 2, 2020 by FPR Partners, LLC (FPR), Andrew Raab and Bob Peck. Such Schedule and Form 4s reflect that FPR has sole voting and dispositive power over 6,182,221 shares, and that Mr. Raab and Mr. Peck have shared voting and dispositive power over 6,182,221 shares. FPR is a registered investment adviser and acts as an investment manager to certain limited partnerships. Mr. Raab and Mr. Peck are the senior managing members of FPR. The address of FPR, Mr. Raab and Mr. Peck is 199 Fremont Street, Suite 2500, San Francisco, California 94105. (16) | Based solely on information contained in a Schedule 13G filed with the SEC on February 12, 2020 by The Vanguard Group (Vanguard). Such Schedule states that Vanguard has sole voting power over 27,266 shares, shared voting power over 10,556 shares, sole dispositive power over 5,285,322 shares and shared dispositive power over 32,204 shares. The address of Vanguard is 100 Vanguard Boulevard, Malvern, Pennsylvania 19355. (17) | Based solely on information contained in a Schedule 13G filed with the SEC on February 6, 2020 by BlackRock, Inc. Such Schedule states that BlackRock has sole voting power over 5,017,237 shares and sole dispositive power over 5,223,719 shares. The address of BlackRock, Inc. is 55 East 52nd Street, New York, New York 10055. Delinquent Section 16(a) Reports Section 16(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 requires our directors, executive officers and beneficial owners of more than 10% of
Viasat common stock to file reports of ownership and changes in ownership with the SEC. These persons are required to furnish us with copies of all forms that they file. Based solely on our review of copies of these forms in our possession, or in
reliance upon written representations from our directors and executive officers, we believe that all of our directors, executive officers and greater than 10% beneficial owners complied with the Section 16(a) filing requirements during the
fiscal year ended March 31, 2020. 2020 Proxy Statement 29 Table of Contents EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION QUICK REFERENCE GUIDE: Page
COMPENSATION DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS | 30
Business Overview and Fiscal Year 2020 Performance Highlights | 30
Executive Compensation Decisions Informed by Stockholder Feedback . | 31
Overview and Objectives of Executive Compensation Program | 32
Key Features of Our Executive Compensation Practices | 32
Compensation Objectives | 32
Decision-Making Process and Criteria | 33
Components of Our Compensation Program | 36
Additional Information | 42
Stock Ownership Guidelines | 42
Clawback Policy | 42
Anti-Hedging and Pledging Policy | 42
Tax and Accounting Considerations | 43 Page
COMPENSATION COMMITTEE REPORT | 44
COMPENSATION TABLES | 45
Summary Compensation Table | 45
Grants of Plan-Based Awards in Fiscal Year 2020 | 46
Outstanding Equity Awards at 2020 Fiscal Year End | 47
Option Exercises and Stock Vested in Fiscal Year 2020 | 48
Pension Benefits | 48
Non-Qualified Deferred Compensation | 48
Potential Payments Upon Termination | 49
CEO PAY RATIO | 50
DIRECTOR COMPENSATION | 51 Compensation Discussion and Analysis Mark Dankberg Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer Richard Baldridge Director, President and Chief Operating Officer Shawn Duffy Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Kevin Harkenrider Executive Vice President, Global Operations and Chief Operations Officer Ken Peterman Senior Vice President and President, Government Systems | The following Compensation Discussion and Analysis provides information regarding the compensation program in place for our executive officers, including the Named Executive Officers identified in the Summary Compensation Table, during our 2020 fiscal year. In particular, this Compensation Discussion and Analysis provides information related to our performance and each of the following aspects of our executive compensation program: • overview and objectives of our executive compensation program, • explanation of our executive compensation decision-making processes and criteria, • description of the components of our executive compensation program, and • discussion of how each component fits into our overall compensation objectives. Business Overview and Fiscal Year 2020 Performance Highlights We are an innovator in communications technologies and services, focused on making connectivity accessible, available and secure for all. Our
end-to-end platform of high-capacity Ka-band satellites, ground infrastructure and user terminals enables us to provide cost-effective, high-speed, high-quality broadband solutions to enterprises, consumers and government users around the globe,
whether on the ground, in the air or at sea. In addition, our government business includes a market-leading portfolio of military tactical data link systems, satellite communication products and services, and cybersecurity and information assurance
products and services. We believe that our portfolio of products and services, combined with our vertical integration 30 Table of Contents EXECUTIVE
COMPENSATION • Compensation Discussion and Analysis strategy and ability to effectively cross-deploy technologies between government and commercial segments and across different geographic markets,
provides us with a strong foundation to sustain and enhance our leadership in advanced communications and networking technologies. Performance Highlights In fiscal year 2020, we delivered strong financial results and achieved key strategic and developmental objectives, including: • | Record revenue, a significantly lower net loss and record Adjusted EBITDA 1 ; • | Continued strength in our Government Systems business, with annual revenue exceeding $1 billion for the first time; • | Earned multiple awards and honors, including: - | #12 on Fortune Magazine’s 2019 Change the World list - | Global Satellite Business of the Year at the World Satellite Business Week 2019 conference - | Glassdoor’s 2020 Best Places to Work for U.S. large employers - | Finalist in Fast Company’s Best World Changing Ideas Awards 2020 - | U.S. News & World Report Top 10 ranking for U.S. internet service providers, out of 30 candidates • | Continued growth of the in-flight connectivity, or IFC, business (despite fourth quarter impact of the COVID-19 pandemic), with 1,390 commercial aircraft using our IFC services across the United States, Europe, Middle East and Australia as of the end of fiscal year 2020, with IFC services anticipated to be activated on approximately 750 additional commercial aircraft under our existing customer agreements with commercial airlines; • | Significant progress toward the completion of the ViaSat-3 class satellite constellation, including the achievement of important payload and ground network assembly, test and integration milestones for the ViaSat-3 (Americas) and ViaSat-3 (Europe, Middle East, Africa) satellites, and the successful completion of the Preliminary Design Review for the ViaSat-3 (Asia Pacific) satellite. Once in service, we expect that our global ViaSat-3 class satellite constellation will enable us to deliver affordable broadband connectivity across most of the world. 1 | We define Adjusted EBITDA as net income (loss) attributable to Viasat, Inc. before interest, income taxes, depreciation and amortization, adjusted to exclude certain significant items as set forth below. An itemized reconciliation between net income (loss) attributable to Viasat, Inc. and Adjusted EBITDA for fiscal year 2020 is set forth below in this Compensation Discussion and Analysis. Investing in our Future We continue to invest heavily in positioning Viasat for long-term success. Due to the upfront investment necessary to grow our satellite fleet, our
financial growth is not linear or coincident with research and development, or R&D, spending. However, record revenues and strong order flow demonstrate that our long-term strategy is working. Our investments have allowed us to make significant
progress toward completing our global constellation of ViaSat-3 class satellites. Our third-generation ViaSat-3 class satellites under construction offer a new satellite
architecture with miniaturized electronics and more productive and efficient antenna designs. This new satellite design is expected to significantly expand the geographic coverage area and data throughput capacity of each satellite and to further
enhance our ability to flexibly and dynamically allocate capacity to match geographic demand, resulting in greater speed, availability and cost-efficiency of our proprietary Ka-band satellite network. As the capacity, data throughput speeds and geographic coverage areas of our satellite systems continue to increase with each generation
of our high-capacity Ka-band satellite designs, we expect the addressable markets for our broadband technologies, products and services to continue to expand. Higher capacity, more flexible satellites will
allow us to offer a broader array of cost-effective, high-quality broadband services that can be tailored to different geographic regions and bandwidth usage demand. In addition, we expect that the coverage, density and dynamic bandwidth allocation
of our next-generation broadband satellites will allow us to pursue attractive new opportunities, such as the maritime market (which shares many of the same characteristics as the commercial air mobility market in which we have been successful), and
to further expand existing businesses, such as our Community Internet business. Although it will take a few years until we realize all of the benefits of these technology investments, we believe that they uniquely position us to capitalize on future
opportunities to grow our business and create significant stockholder value. Executive Compensation
Decisions Informed by Stockholder Feedback Our management team regularly engages with our stockholders to proactively
understand their perspectives on our business and strategy and governance and compensation practices, and to address any concerns they may have. During fiscal year 2020, we engaged in substantive conversations with stockholders representing
approximately 73% of our total outstanding common stock. 2020 Proxy Statement 31 Table of Contents EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION • Compensation Discussion and Analysis Our Board of Directors and our Compensation and Human Resources Committee, or
the Committee, have demonstrated responsiveness to feedback received during these discussions through the recent changes we have made to our executive compensation program, as described below. What We Heard | What We Did
Seek further alignment of executive compensation with long-term stockholder interests | Implemented a performance-based equity program in fiscal year 2018 and maintained program in subsequent annual grants in fiscal years 2019 and 2020
Increase weighting of objective, financial criteria in determining annual bonus payouts | Increased weighting of objective, financial criteria in bonus determination to 50% for Chief Executive Officer, consistent with weighting for all other executive officers, in fiscal year 2020
Replace target annual bonus ranges with specific target annual bonus percentages for each executive officer | Shifted to a specific annual bonus target for annual incentive compensation in fiscal 2020
Adopt a maximum cap on annual bonus payouts | Implemented a maximum annual bonus payout, equal to 250% of target, for all executive officers in fiscal year 2020
Provide additional disclosure around peer group selection process | Enhanced peer group disclosure in 2020 proxy statement, including changes made to fiscal year 2021 peers
Implement a clawback policy | Adopted a clawback policy in fiscal year 2021 to enable recovery of cash and equity incentive compensation related to a financial restatement as a result of an executive officer’s misconduct Overview and Objectives of Executive Compensation Program Key Features of Our Executive Compensation Practices
What We Do | What We Don’t Do
☑ Establish the vast majority of executive officer pay on business performance | ☒ No repricing of underwater stock options without stockholder approval ☒ No single trigger change in control provisions for executive officers ☒ No excise tax gross-ups ☒ No employment contracts unless required by law ☒ No guaranteed base salary increases or bonuses ☒ No plans that encourage excessive risk taking
☑ Maintain meaningful executive officer and director stock ownership guidelines
☑ Provide a limited number of perquisites
☑ Prohibit short sales and hedging of Viasat stock by executive officers and directors
☑ Maintain a clawback policy
☑ Use multiple performance measures and caps on potential incentive payments
☑ Engage an independent compensation consultant Compensation Objectives The objectives of our executive compensation program are premised on the following three fundamental principles, each of which is discussed below:
(1) a significant portion of executive compensation should be performance-based, linking the achievement of company financial objectives and individual objectives; (2) the financial interests of our executive management and our
stockholders should be aligned; and (3) the executive compensation program should be structured so that we can compete in the marketplace in hiring and retaining top level executives with compensation that is competitive and fair. Because our
executive compensation program is designed to reward prudent business judgment and promote disciplined progress towards longer-term company goals, we believe that our balanced compensation policies and practices do not encourage unnecessary and
excessive risk-taking by employees that could reasonably be expected to have a material adverse effect on us. Performance-Based Compensation. We
strongly believe that a significant amount of executive compensation should be designed to reward superior performance, and we believe that our executive officers should be accountable for the overall performance of our business as well as their
individual performance. To achieve this objective, we have structured our 32 Table of Contents EXECUTIVE
COMPENSATION • Compensation Discussion and Analysis compensation program so that executive compensation is tied, in large part, directly to both company-wide and individual performance. For example,
and as discussed specifically below, annual bonuses are based on, among other things, pre-established corporate financial performance metrics and operational targets, and individual performance. Also, during
fiscal year 2018, we introduced performance-based stock options as a significant component of our long-term incentives for our executive officers, as described below. As illustrated below, a significant portion of the total direct compensation for
our Named Executive Officers is delivered as variable performance-based compensation, including restricted stock units and performance–based stock options, the value of which is driven by stock price performance. Variable incentive-based
compensation accounted for approximately 89% of total direct compensation for our Chief Executive Officer and an average of approximately 86% of total direct compensation for our other Named Executive Officers in fiscal year 2020. Alignment with Stockholder Interests. We believe that executive compensation and stockholder interests should be linked, and our compensation program is designed so that the financial interests of our executive officers
are closely aligned with the interests of our stockholders. We accomplish this objective in multiple ways. First, a significant portion of our Named Executive Officer compensation is linked to achievement of rigorous financial and operational
performance goals. Second, we have adopted stock ownership guidelines that require our executive officers to own a significant amount of Viasat stock. Third, we grant performance-based stock options as a significant part of our long-term equity
award program, which provide our executive officers with an opportunity to earn a number of stock options based, in part, on Viasat’s total shareholder return, or TSR, relative to the TSR of the companies that comprise the S&P MidCap 400
Index over a four-year performance period and, in part, based on continued service for that performance period. We have also adopted a clawback policy to allow the Committee to recover incentive compensation from an executive officer in the event of
a financial restatement as a result of such executive’s misconduct, as further described below. Structure Allows Competitive and Fair Compensation
Packages. We believe our success depends to a significant degree on our ability to attract and retain highly skilled personnel. Stockholders are accordingly best
served when we can attract and retain talented executives with compensation packages that are competitive and fair. Therefore, we strive to create compensation packages for our executive officers that deliver compensation that is comparable to the
total compensation delivered by the companies with which we compete for executive talent. Decision-Making Processes and Criteria The Committee is responsible for determining our overall executive compensation philosophy, and for evaluating and recommending all components of
executive officer compensation to our Board of Directors for approval. The Committee acts under a written charter adopted and approved by our Board and may, in its discretion, obtain the assistance of outside advisors, including compensation
consultants, legal counsel and accounting and other advisors. Each member of the Committee qualifies as a “non-employee director” within the meaning of Rule 16b-3 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, and as independent within the meaning of the corporate governance standards of Nasdaq. A copy of the Committee charter can be found on the
Investor Relations section of our website at investors.viasat.com . In fiscal year 2020, the Committee again engaged the executive
compensation consulting firm, Compensia, to provide analysis and advice on matters relating to executive officer compensation and benefits practices. After conducting an evaluation using the factors established by the SEC and Nasdaq, the Committee
determined that Compensia is independent and that there is no conflict of interest arising from the work performed by Compensia during fiscal year 2020. 2020 Proxy Statement 33 Table of Contents EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION • Compensation Discussion and Analysis Because our executive compensation program relies on the use of three
relatively straightforward components (base salary, annual bonuses and long-term equity awards), the process for determining each component of executive compensation remains fairly consistent across each component. In determining each component of
executive compensation, the Committee generally considers each of the following factors: • | industry compensation data, • | individual performance and contributions, • | company financial and operational performance, • | company strategic positioning, • | total executive compensation, • | affordability of cash compensation based on Viasat’s financial results, • | availability and affordability of shares for equity awards, and • | stockholder feedback, including the results of say-on-pay votes. Peer Group Selection
Process. As part of the process of determining executive compensation, the Committee reviews competitive executive compensation data of relevant companies from across
the industries in which we primarily operate. Through a thorough evaluation process that takes place on an annual basis, the Committee identifies the appropriate group of companies to reference as a peer group for compensation comparison purposes.
The peer group was selected based on a variety of factors, including industry, revenue, business model and market capitalization. The Committee also reviewed competitive market information from the Radford Global Technology survey, a globally
recognized compensation survey containing market information of companies in the technology industry. An overview of the key criteria considered and process followed by the Committee to determine the appropriate peer group is summarized below: Factors Considered for Peer Group Selection | • Industry • Revenue • Business Model • Market Capitalization | • Provides multiple lenses to review potentially comparable companies
Additional Inputs Used for Compensation Decisions | • Competitive market information from the Radford Global Technology survey, a globally recognized compensation survey containing market information of companies in the technology industry | • Permits the Committee to review aggregated compensation data for positions similar to those held by executive officers in the technology industry • Provides comprehensive survey data including pooled compensation data for positions closely akin to those held by each executive officer • Allows for the Committee to compare executives to those across a wide range of organizations outside of Viasat’s traditional, and limited, group of competitors • Individual company compensation data for companies in the survey was not provided to the Committee 34 Table of Contents EXECUTIVE
COMPENSATION • Compensation Discussion and Analysis For fiscal year 2020 compensation decisions, the Committee approved a peer group consisting of the following companies: Fiscal Year 2020 Peer Group
Technology | Network/Communications | Aerospace
Akamai Technologies Inc.
Coherent Inc. | Ciena Corporation
Cree Inc. | Cogent Communications Holdings, Inc.
Equinix Inc. | CenturyLink, Inc. | Spirit Aerosystems Holdings, Inc.
IAC/Interactivecorp | Gogo Inc. | Transdigm Group Inc.
Logmein, Inc. | SBA Communications Corp | L3 Technologies, Inc.
Nuance Communications, Inc. | T-Mobile US, Inc.
Nutanix, Inc. | Vonage Holdings Corp
PTC Inc.
Palo Alto Networks Inc. With consideration to input received through continued stockholder engagement efforts, the Committee made additional
changes to our fiscal year 2021 peer group. These changes included removing Gogo Inc., L3 Technologies, Inc., CenturyLink, Inc., and T-Mobile US, Inc., and adding Citrix Systems, Inc., GTT Communications,
Inc., and Lumentum Holdings, Inc. to our fiscal year 2021 peer group. The Committee made these changes to increase our alignment with peer group companies from an industry and size perspective. The resulting peer group for fiscal year 2021 was
comprised of companies with revenues generally ranging between 50% and 250% of Viasat’s revenues for the most recently completed fiscal year, with Viasat placing in approximately the 57 th percentile among the nineteen peer group companies based on the data available to the Committee at the time the peer group was selected. Individual Performance and Contributions. The Committee makes an assessment of individual executive performance and
contributions. The individual performance assessments made by the Committee are based in part on input from executive management. As part of our executive compensation process, our Chief Executive Officer and President each provide input to the
Committee on the individual performance and contributions of our executive officers other than themselves. With respect to assessing the individual performance of our Chief Executive Officer, the Committee relies on an annual assessment completed by
our Nomination, Evaluation and Corporate Governance Committee. In evaluating the performance of our President, the Committee relies on input from our Chief Executive Officer. While the Committee believes input from management and outside advisors is
valuable, the Committee makes its recommendations and decisions based on its independent analysis and assessment. Company Financial and Operational Performance. A major component of our executive compensation program is the belief that
a significant amount of executive compensation should be based on performance, including company financial and operational performance. These financial and operational performance metrics are important factors considered by the Committee in
determining base salary, annual bonuses and equity awards. Company Strategic Positioning. Given the importance of the long-term performance of the company, the current strategic positioning of the company is also a significant factor in the assessment of our executive
compensation program and the determination of executive compensation components. The Committee takes into account the strategic positioning of the company as a basis for determining base salaries, annual bonuses, equity award allocations and other
executive compensation. Total Executive Compensation. In addition to reviewing each component of executive compensation, the Committee also considers the total direct compensation of each executive officer. This review of total
compensation is completed to assure that each executive officer’s total compensation remains appropriately competitive and continues to meet the compensation objectives described above. Affordability. Prior to completing
its executive compensation review and evaluation, the Committee confirms that proposed cash compensation is affordable under and consistent with Viasat’s financial results. With respect to equity compensation, the Committee confirms the
availability and affordability of shares prior to granting the equity awards to our executive officers. To the extent the Committee determines that a component of executive compensation is not affordable, appropriate adjustments to that compensation
component are made prior to final approval by the Committee and any subsequent recommendation to the Board. For example, in light of the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on the global business environment, our
Chief Executive Officer and President requested that their fiscal year 2020 annual performance bonus awards be no more than the awards they received for fiscal year 2019 performance, regardless of actual company and individual achievements, which
the Committee approved. 2020 Proxy Statement 35 Table of Contents EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION • Compensation Discussion and Analysis The Role of Stockholder Feedback. As described above, our management team regularly engages with our stockholders to proactively understand their perspectives on our business and strategy and governance and
compensation practices, and to address any concerns they may have. We also hold annual non-binding advisory say-on-pay votes on
our Named Executive Officer compensation, with the most recent say-on-pay vote held in September 2019, with a substantial majority of shareholder votes cast in favor of
our say-on-pay resolution. As the Committee evaluated our executive compensation policies and practices throughout fiscal year 2020, they were mindful of the level of
support for the say-on-pay vote held at our annual meeting in September 2019 and input our stockholders expressed for our compensation philosophy and objectives. As
described above, the Committee implemented certain changes to our fiscal 2020 executive compensation program in response to such stockholder input and feedback. The Committee will continue to consider the outcome of future say-on-pay votes and material stockholder feedback when making future compensation decisions for executive officers. Determination of Compensation. The
Committee and the Board hold several meetings each year for the review, evaluation and determination of executive compensation. The Committee determines and recommends to the Board the appropriate compensation for each individual executive officer
after considering the factors described in the preceding paragraphs. We do not believe that it is appropriate to establish compensation
levels solely by benchmarking. Instead, we rely upon the judgment of the Committee members in formulating compensation recommendations, after reviewing competitive compensation market data and the performance of the company, and carefully evaluating
an executive officer’s performance during the year against established goals, leadership qualities, individual contributions, operational results, business responsibilities, experience, career with the company, current compensation arrangements
and long-term potential to enhance stockholder value. While competitive compensation market data paid by other companies is one of the many factors the Committee and the Board considers in assessing the reasonableness of compensation, we do not
attempt to maintain a certain target percentile within a peer group or otherwise rely entirely on that data to determine executive officer compensation. Instead, we incorporate flexibility into our compensation programs and in the assessment process
to respond to and adjust for the evolving business environment. We strive to achieve an appropriate mix between equity incentive awards
and cash payments in order to meet our objectives and an apportionment goal is not applied rigidly and does not control our compensation decisions. Our mix of compensation components is designed to reward results, align compensation with stockholder
interests and fairly compensate our executive officers through a combination of cash and equity incentive awards. Components of Our Compensation Program The components of our executive compensation program are the following: base salary,
annual bonuses, long-term equity-based compensation and certain other benefits that are generally available to all of our employees. Base Salary. In determining base salary recommendations, the Committee primarily considers (1) executive compensation
survey results from Radford, which generally reports a compensation range for each position, (2) compensation data of our peer group companies prepared and analyzed by its compensation consultant, and (3) individual performance and
contributions. In evaluating individual executive performance and contributions, the Committee considers to what extent the executive: • | sustains a high level of performance, • | demonstrates leadership and success in contributing toward Viasat’s achievement of key business and financial objectives, • | contributes significantly to the development and execution of Viasat’s long-term strategy, • | has a proven ability to help create stockholder value, and • | possesses highly developed skills and abilities critical to Viasat’s success. In assessing individual executive performance and contributions for fiscal year 2020 base salary determination
purposes, the Committee considered the individual contributions toward the achievement of key strategic objectives, such as continued strong top and bottom line performance including achieving record revenues, a significantly lower net loss, record
Adjusted EBITDA, continued progress toward the completion of the ViaSat-3 class satellite constellation, significant progress towards service launches in Latin American and European markets in our Satellite
Services segment, and double digit sales growth from our Government Systems segment. In light of the foregoing, the Committee recommended to the Board, and the Board approved, new base salaries for each of our executive officers. The following table
sets forth the base salaries for fiscal years 2019 and 2020 for each of our Named Executive Officers. Mr. Peterman received a base salary increase to $650,000, effective April 1, 2019. In recognition of his sustained high level of
performance, strategic impact on the business, increase in scope of responsibilities, and to further increase alignment with industry compensation data, Mr. Peterman’s base salary was increased to $750,000, effective December 7, 2019. 36 Table of Contents EXECUTIVE
COMPENSATION • Compensation Discussion and Analysis Fiscal Year 2019 and Fiscal Year 2020 Base Salary Executive | Fiscal Year 2019 Base Salary ($) | Fiscal Year 2020 Base Salary ($) | Percentage Increase (%)
Mark Dankberg | 1,215,000 | 1,300,000 | 7.0
Richard Baldridge | 1,035,000 | 1,100,000 | 6.3
Shawn Duffy | 550,000 | 575,000 | 4.5
Kevin Harkenrider | 550,000 | 575,000 | 4.5
Ken Peterman | 600,000 | 750,000 | 25.0 While the above table reflects base salary changes that were made effective in April 2019, after thoughtful
discussion and in consideration of the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on the global business environment, the Committee determined to delay any base salary adjustments for our executive officers for fiscal
year 2021. The Committee may determine to implement adjustments to the base salaries of our Named Executive Officers for fiscal year 2021 in the future. Annual Bonuses. Consistent with our overall compensation objectives of linking compensation to performance, aligning executive compensation with
stockholder interests, and attracting and retaining top level executive officers in our industry, the Committee approved annual bonuses for fiscal year 2020 to our Named Executive Officers. In determining annual bonus awards, the Board and the
Committee considered industry compensation surveys, compensation data from peer group companies and achievement of certain company and individual performance objectives. Target bonus opportunities for our Named Executive Officers, as set forth in
the table below, are determined by the Committee primarily based on industry compensation surveys and validated with compensation data from peer group companies. The Committee also considers the expected contributions of each executive toward the
overall success of the company. The Board and the Committee also retain discretion to take additional factors into account in
determining final annual bonus awards (such as market conditions, key awards, total executive compensation, strategic positioning, additional company financial metrics or extraordinary individual contributions) and may make bonus payouts above or
below the target bonus opportunities, to the extent appropriate. Following a thorough review of the executive compensation program,
including an evaluation of feedback received through the Company’s stockholder engagement program, the Committee decided to shift to setting a specific target bonus as a percentage of base salary, rather than a target bonus range as a
percentage of base salary. Furthermore, the Committee established a maximum bonus payout opportunity of 250% of each executive officer’s target bonus. These changes were approved during and applied to the annual bonus program in fiscal year
2020. Named Executive Officers Annual Metric Selection and Bonus Determination. For fiscal year 2020, the metrics considered for determining annual bonuses for our Named Executive Officers included Viasat’s annual financial performance and individual performance. The annual
performance metrics, both financial and individual, are intended to be challenging and rigorous, but achievable through a sustained level of high performance. • | Financial performance objectives (50% of annual bonus determination): Financial metrics were set based on an internally-developed financial plan approved by our Board at the beginning of the fiscal year. The financial metrics selected for the annual bonus are intended to balance incentivizing strong short-term performance while also retaining alignment to the execution of our long-term strategy. • | Individual performance objectives (50% of annual bonus determination): Individual leadership and strategic objectives are determined by the Committee, with the objectives for the executive officers (other than our Chief Executive Officer and President) based on input and recommendations from our Chief Executive Officer and President. Individual leadership and strategic objectives for our Chief Executive Officer and President are determined by the Committee based on the recommendation of the Nomination, Evaluation and Corporate Governance Committee. Metrics are qualitative in nature; each individual executive officer’s attainment of individual performance objectives, while made in the context of such pre-established objectives, is based upon an evaluation of individual performance by the Committee. 2020 Proxy Statement 37 Table of Contents EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION • Compensation Discussion and Analysis The table below describes the company financial and individual performance
objectives and weighting of each objective used for determining annual bonuses for all of our executive officers for fiscal year 2020: Fiscal Year 2020 Bonus Objectives Performance Metric | Approximate Weighting (%) | FY 2020 Objective | FY 2020 Actual Results
Financial — Non-GAAP Diluted Net Income Per Share Attributable to Viasat, Inc. Common Stockholders (1) | 10 | $0.86 | $1.14
Financial — Adjusted EBITDA (2) | 12.5 | $449.5 million | $457.6 million
Financial — New Contract Awards | 7.5 | $2,199.3 million | $2,327.1 million
Financial — Total Revenues | 12.5 | $2,328.5 million | $2,309.2 million
Financial — Net Operating Asset Turnover | 7.5 | 8.76 | 7.25
Individual — Strategic Performance | 25 | — | —
Individual — Leadership Performance | 25 | — | — (1) | An itemized reconciliation between net income (loss) attributable to Viasat, Inc. common stockholders on a GAAP and non-GAAP basis for fiscal year 2020 is set forth below: Fiscal Year Ended March 31, 2020
(In thousands, except per share data)
GAAP net loss attributable to Viasat, Inc. | $ | (212 | )
Amortization of acquired intangible assets | 7,611
Stock-based compensation expense | 86,553
Income tax effect | (21,930 | )
Non-GAAP net income attributable to Viasat, Inc. | $ | 72,022
Non-GAAP diluted net income per share attributable to Viasat, Inc. common stockholders | $ | 1.14
Shares used in computing diluted net income per share | 63,021 (2) | We define Adjusted EBITDA as net income (loss) attributable to Viasat, Inc. before interest, income taxes, depreciation and amortization, adjusted to exclude certain significant items as set forth below. We use Adjusted EBITDA to evaluate our operating performance, to allocate resources and capital, to measure performance for incentive compensation programs and to evaluate future growth opportunities. An itemized reconciliation between net income (loss) attributable to Viasat, Inc. and Adjusted EBITDA for fiscal year 2020 is set forth below: Fiscal Year Ended March 31, 2020
(In thousands)
GAAP net loss attributable to Viasat, Inc. | $ | (212 | )
Benefit for income taxes | (7,915 | )
Interest expense, net | 36,993
Depreciation and amortization | 342,178
Stock-based compensation expense | 86,553
Adjusted EBITDA | $ | 457,597 Based on our fiscal year 2020 financial results, the Committee, acting under delegation of authority from the Board,
determined that the company’s achievement relative to the pre-established financial objectives described above was approximately 106%. Chief Executive Officer Annual Bonus
Determination. In response to stockholder feedback, the Committee increased the weighting of the objective, financial criteria described above for purposes of
determining the annual bonus for our Chief Executive Officer to 50% in fiscal year 2020 (compared to 33% in fiscal year 2019), and decreased the weighting for each of the leadership and strategic criteria to 25% (compared to 33% in fiscal year
2019). For purposes of determining our Chief Executive Officer’s performance achievement for the leadership and strategic objectives in fiscal year 2020, the Committee relied on an assessment of our Chief Executive Officer’s performance
completed by the Nomination, Evaluation and Corporate 38 Table of Contents EXECUTIVE
COMPENSATION • Compensation Discussion and Analysis Governance Committee. The criteria used by the Nomination, Evaluation and Corporate Governance Committee for our Chief Executive Officer’s
fiscal year 2020 evaluation included the following: • | Leadership. Defining, managing and attaining corporate goals, and exemplifying and promoting ethics and integrity throughout the company. • | Strategic. Industry positioning, short-term and long-term strategies, measurable progress in key business areas and effective pursuit of growth strategies. The
Nomination, Evaluation and Corporate Governance Committee evaluated our Chief Executive Officer’s leadership and strategic performance during fiscal year 2020 in the context of the company’s strong financial results relative to the pre-established, objective financial criteria described above, and noted, among other things, the following achievements: Leadership Performance | Strategic Performance
Named to Glassdoor’s 2020 Best Places to Work for U.S. Large Employers | Continued progress on proprietary next-generation ViaSat-3 satellite payload and ground network
Ranked #12 on Fortune Magazine’s 2019 list of companies changing the world | Made significant progress in Latin American and European expansion efforts in advance of next-generation ViaSat-3 satellite launches
Named Global Satellite Business of the Year at the 2019 World Satellite Business Week conference | Contracted by the U.S. Air Force to deliver the world’s first Link 16-capable low earth orbit (LEO) spacecraft
Named one of the 2019 Best Places to Work by Disability:IN and the American Association of People with Disabilities (AAPD) | Entered first of its kind agreement for in-flight video distribution and technology with FuboTV
Further strengthened leadership team, with the addition of three key executive hires in critical business areas | Awarded sole-source IDIQ contract for small tactical terminals by the U.S. Navy that enables sales to international military partners Based on the accomplishments set forth above, as well as the achievement of other leadership and strategic
objectives, the Nomination, Evaluation and Corporate Governance Committee awarded Mr. Dankberg 100% credit on each of the leadership and strategic performance objectives. The Committee relied on the foregoing evaluations in determining
Mr. Dankberg’s final annual bonus award recommendation to the Board. Other Named Executive
Officers Annual Bonus Results. In making its overall determinations relative to the leadership and strategic components for the other Named Executive
Officers’ bonuses, the Committee assigned the same weightings to the financial (50% of annual bonus determination), leadership (25%) and strategic (25%) performance criteria that it used for our Chief Executive Officer. The Committee placed
special emphasis on the leadership provided by each executive in the achievement of financial, critical non-financial, operational and strategic business objectives during fiscal year 2020. In particular, the
Committee considered each individual’s contributions during fiscal year 2020 to the achievement of record revenues, a significantly lower net loss, and record Adjusted EBITDA; the continued advancement of our next-generation, high-capacity ViaSat-3 satellite program, including strategic positioning efforts in key geographies that will be covered by ViaSat-3 satellites; our continued disruption of the IFC market,
including growing aircraft in service and average revenue per aircraft; our continued growth in the Government Systems segment; and the receipt of multiple awards related to workplace culture, innovation and social good: • | Mr. Baldridge: Leadership was instrumental in driving the execution of our fiscal year 2020 business strategy focused on execution to realize the value of prior year investments, while also keeping pace with continued investments in the ViaSat-3 constellation, which resulted in record revenue, a significantly lower net loss and record Adjusted EBITDA • | Ms. Duffy: Leadership over capital allocation strategies resulted in a sharp improvement in our net loss for the year and record Adjusted EBITDA performance, while continuing to keep on pace with our investments in long-term growth strategies • | Mr. Harkenrider: Leadership of our broadband services business generated increased demand for fixed broadband services and continued growth in average revenue per user (ARPU), while also driving our IFC business to continued strong growth with nearly 1,400 in-service commercial aircraft at the end of the fiscal year and 13% year-over-year revenue growth in the fourth quarter despite the impact of reduced air travel • | Mr. Peterman: Leadership of our Government Systems segment and its exceptional execution of our vertical integration strategy resulted in another record year for both revenues and Adjusted EBITDA, all while positioning the business as a market leader with a sustained growth trajectory 2020 Proxy Statement 39 Table of Contents EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION • Compensation Discussion and Analysis Additionally, the Committee assessed the total direct compensation
positioning for each Named Executive Officer to ensure final decisions are appropriately market competitive relative to each executive officers’ contributions. Based upon our financial results for fiscal year 2020 relative to the pre-established financial objectives described above and the Committee’s evaluation of our corporate achievements and individual executive performance, the Committee, acting under delegation of authority
from the Board, approved the bonuses in the table below for our Named Executive Officers for fiscal year 2020: Fiscal Year 2020
Bonuses 1 Executive | Target Bonus As Percentage of Base Salary (%) | Actual Bonus ($) | Actual Bonus As Percentage of Base Salary (%)
Mark Dankberg | 140 | 1,700,000 | 131
Richard Baldridge | 140 | 1,500,000 | 136
Shawn Duffy | 90 | 590,000 | 103
Kevin Harkenrider | 85 | 525,000 | 91
Ken Peterman | 90 | 765,000 | 102 (1) | In response to stockholder feedback, the Committee established a maximum bonus payout of 250% of each executive officer’s target bonus opportunity in 2020. In light of the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on the global business environment, our Chief Executive Officer and President requested that their fiscal year 2020 annual performance bonus awards be no more than the awards they received for
fiscal year 2019 performance, regardless of actual company and individual achievements. Equity-Based
Compensation. Consistent with our belief that equity-based compensation is a key component of an effective executive compensation program at growth-oriented technology
companies, particularly one with non-linear growth, our Board approved (upon recommendation of the Committee) long-term equity awards to our executive officers in fiscal year 2020. The Committee determined
equity award levels for fiscal year 2020 in a manner consistent with the determination of base salary and annual bonuses. The Committee considered (1) the industry compensation data described above, (2) individual performance and
contributions, (3) total executive compensation, (4) stockholder feedback on our executive compensation program, and (5) the availability and affordability of shares for equity grants in determining equity compensation for our
executive officers. In determining the availability and affordability of shares for the fiscal year 2020 equity awards for our executive officers, the Committee also considered: • | the peer group data and compensation survey data from Radford, • | the number of shares available for issuance under our equity plan, • | the number of shares budgeted for non-executive equity awards, • | the expected future retention of both executives and non-executives, • | annual dilution (burn) rate associated with the grant of equity awards, • | Viasat’s equity overhang levels, • | the estimated accounting expense of potential equity awards, and • | the tax consequences associated with the grant of equity awards. Based on the factors discussed above, our Board (upon recommendation from the Committee) approved equity awards in a combination of time-based
restricted stock units and performance-based stock options for our Named Executive Officers in November 2019. Our Board determined that this combination of equity awards balances executive retention and motivation while also further promoting the
alignment of executive compensation with the creation of long-term stockholder value. Performance-Based Stock Options . Performance-based stock options were introduced during fiscal year 2018 to promote stockholder value creation over a multi-year period by rewarding our executive
officers for long-term stock price appreciation. Our Board selected TSR over a four-year period as the sole performance metric as our Board members believe TSR is the strongest indicator of long-term stockholder value creation. Delivering the award
in the form of a performance-based stock 40 Table of Contents EXECUTIVE
COMPENSATION • Compensation Discussion and Analysis option provides for further alignment with stockholders as any stock price gains realized by our executive officers would be in proportion to those
realized by our stockholders. Furthermore, as these awards are stock options, if Viasat’s stock price falls below the exercise price, which is equal to the closing market price on the day of grant, any vested stock options would retain no value
until the stock price increases above the exercise price. Performance-Contingent Vesting
Component. Awards will vest based on Viasat’s four-year TSR performance relative to the S&P MidCap 400 index according to the following chart: • | Above the 25 th and below the 90 th percentiles: Awards will vest on a linear scale between a range of 50% and 175% of target, where the target is achieved at the 50 th percentile (with the resulting number of stock options that ultimately vest at the end of the performance period referred to as the performance-adjusted options) • | At or below 25 th percentile: No performance-based stock options will vest and they will be forfeited by the Named Executive Officer Time-Based Vesting Component. The performance-based stock options are also
subject to a time-based vesting component. A Named Executive Officer will become eligible to vest in 25% of the performance-adjusted options at the end of the performance period on each of the first four anniversaries of the grant date, subject to
continued employment through each such date. In the event of a Named Executive Officer’s termination of employment prior to the end of the performance period, he or she will remain eligible to vest, at the end of the performance period, in such
portion of the performance-adjusted options as had vested as of the date of termination in accordance with the time-based vesting schedule described above (and, in the case of a Named Executive Officer’s death or disability, he or she will be
given full credit under the time-based vesting schedule through the date of termination and will remain eligible to vest in any and all of the performance-adjusted options at the end of the performance period). The performance-based stock options
must be vested under both the time-based vesting schedule and the performance-based vesting conditions in order to become exercisable by a Named Executive Officer. Relationship Between Pay and Performance. The performance-based stock options awarded to our executives are designed
to further align executive pay with shareholder value creation by only delivering value when Viasat’s TSR during the applicable measurement period outperforms the TSR of at least 25% of companies in the S&P MidCap 400 and Viasat’s
stock price exceeds the exercise price of such performance-based stock options. Illustrating that a significant portion of our executives’ pay is at risk, Viasat’s TSR performance from the applicable grant date through July 1, 2020
was below the 25 th percentile of companies in the S&P MidCap 400 index for each of the performance-based stock option awards issued to our executives in fiscal years 2018, 2019 and 2020. While
each of these awards remains outstanding, the actual performance through July 1, 2020 would have resulted in below threshold performance and all performance-based stock options would have been forfeited had the applicable measurement period
ended on that date. Furthermore, our closing stock price of $36.77 on July 1, 2020 was below the exercise price for each performance-based stock option awards issued in fiscal years 2018, 2019 and 2020 and each retains no value until our stock
price increases above each exercise price. Change in Control Vesting. In the event of a change in
control prior to the end of the four-year performance period, the number of performance-adjusted options in which a Named Executive Officer will be eligible to vest based on the time-based vesting schedule described above will be determined and will
be the greater of (1) the “target” number of options subject to the award or (2) the number of performance-adjusted options determined on the date of the change in control based on the company’s relative TSR compared to the
S&P MidCap 400 index for the portion of the performance period ending on the date of the change in control. Following a change in control, the Named Executive Officers may also be eligible for accelerated vesting of any portion of the
performance-adjusted options (as determined at the time of the change in control) that remain eligible to vest based on continued service after a change in control in accordance with the terms of their change in control severance agreements, as
described below. For more information on the restricted stock units and the performance-based stock options granted during fiscal year
2020, see the Grants of Plan-Based Awards in Fiscal Year 2020 table below. Equity Grant Process. The company’s general practice is to grant equity awards in approximately 12-month cycles. Grant approval for executive
officers occurs at meetings of the Board. Because of the more extensive process for determining executive officer equity awards, these grants are not always made at the same time as grants to all other eligible employees. Additionally, the timing of
grants is not coordinated with the release of material non-public information. Stock option awards are priced at fair market value on the date of grant (as defined under our equity plan) and awards of
restricted stock units are also made in accordance with the terms of our equity plan. 2020 Proxy Statement 41 Table of Contents EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION • Compensation Discussion and Analysis In addition to grants made as part of our annual equity grant process for our
current employees, grants may also be made during the year to newly-hired employees as part of the in-hire package, as well as to existing employees for purposes of retention, as part of a special incentive
program or in recognition of special achievements. In the event of newly-hired employees or retention and recognition awards to existing employees, those grants are generally made once per quarter. We do not grant “re-load” options, make loans to executives for any purpose, including to exercise stock options, nor do we grant stock options at a discount. Other Benefits We
currently provide for certain severance payments and benefits in the event that an executive officer’s employment is involuntarily or constructively terminated within two months prior to or within 18 months following a change in control of the
company. Benefits can be found under the Potential Payments Upon Termination section of this proxy statement. We also provide a
comprehensive benefits package to all of our employees, including our executive officers, which includes medical, dental, vision care, disability insurance, life insurance benefits, flexible spending plan, 401(k) savings plan, educational
reimbursement program, employee assistance program, employee stock purchase plan, holidays and personal time off which includes vacation and sick days as needed. We do not currently offer defined benefit pension or supplemental executive retirement
plans to any of our employees. Perquisites and Other Personal Benefits Certain executive officers also receive access to our sports and golf club memberships, and relocation expense reimbursement. Additional Information Stock Ownership Guidelines To enhance our overall corporate governance practices and executive compensation program, our Board has adopted stock ownership guidelines for our
executive officers. These guidelines are designed to align our executive officers’ interests with our stockholders’ long-term interests by promoting long-term ownership of Viasat common stock, which reduces the incentive for excessive
short-term risk taking. These guidelines provide that, within five years of his or her appointment as an executive officer, our executive officers should attain an investment position in shares of Viasat common stock having a value not less than the
amounts specified below: Executive Officer | Stock Ownership Guideline (as a multiple of base salary)
Chief Executive Officer | Three times
President and Chief Operating Officer | Three times
Other Executive Officers | One time As of the end of fiscal year 2020, all Named Executive Officers were in compliance with the applicable stock
ownership guidelines, and all other executive officers were in compliance or subject to an applicable exemption based on personal circumstances. Compensation Recovery (“Clawback”) Policy We have adopted a clawback policy that sets forth the circumstances under which the Committee has the authority to recover an executive
officer’s cash and equity incentive compensation. In the event we are required to restate our financial statements as a result of an executive officer engaging in fraudulent, willful or grossly negligent misconduct, the Committee may cause the
forfeiture of unpaid or unvested incentive compensation, or may seek to recover incentive compensation paid to such executive officer. Anti-Hedging and Pledging Policy Our insider trading compliance policies and procedures prohibit all of our directors and officers from engaging in hedging or monetization
transactions, such as zero-cost collars and forward sale contracts, that allow a director or officer to lock in much of the value of his or her stock holdings, in exchange for all or part of the potential
upside appreciation in Viasat stock. These transactions allow the director or officer to continue to own the covered securities, but without the full risks and rewards of ownership. When that occurs, or when a director or officer trades in put or
call options, or engages in short sales, such director or officer may no longer have the same objectives as Viasat’s other stockholders. Therefore, such transactions involving Viasat’s equity securities are prohibited. We also strongly
discourage any pledges of Viasat securities that could have any adverse impact on the company. Our policies require all pledges of Viasat common stock by our directors and officers, including the establishment of a margin account containing Viasat
securities, to be pre-cleared by our General Counsel. 42 Table of Contents EXECUTIVE
COMPENSATION • Compensation Discussion and Analysis Tax and Accounting Considerations We select and implement the components of our executive compensation program primarily for their ability to help us achieve the company’s
objectives and not on the basis of any unique or preferential financial tax or accounting treatment. In addition, Section 162(m) of the Code generally sets a limit of $1.0 million on the amount of annual compensation that we may deduct for
federal income tax purposes for certain covered individuals. We have not adopted a policy requiring that all compensation be deductible, although the Committee will continue to review the Section 162(m) deductibility of our compensation
arrangements in fiscal year 2020 and future fiscal years. The Committee retains the discretion to approve compensation that may not qualify for the compensation deduction if, in light of all applicable circumstances, it would be in our best interest
for such compensation to be paid without regard to whether it may be tax deductible. 2020 Proxy Statement 43 Table of Contents EXECUTIVE
COMPENSATION • Compensation Committee Report Compensation Committee Report The Committee has reviewed and discussed the Compensation Discussion and Analysis with management and, based on such review and discussions, the
Committee recommended to the Board of Directors that the Compensation Discussion and Analysis be included in this proxy statement. The information contained in this Compensation Committee Report shall not be deemed to be “soliciting material,” to be
“filed” with the SEC or be subject to Regulation 14A or Regulation 14C or to the liabilities of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, and shall not be deemed to be incorporated by reference into any filing of Viasat,
except to the extent that Viasat specifically incorporates it by reference into a document filed under the Securities Act of 1933 or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Respectfully Submitted by the Compensation and Human Resources Committee John Stenbit (Chair) Sean Pak Varsha Rao Harvey White 44 Table of Contents EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION • Summary Compensation Table Summary Compensation Table The following table sets forth the compensation earned during the fiscal years ended March 31, 2020, March 31, 2019 and March 31,
2018 by our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as well as our three other most highly compensated executive officers (collectively, the Named Executive Officers): Name and Principal Position | Fiscal Year | Salary ($) | Bonus ($) | Stock Awards ($) (1) | Option Awards ($) (1) | Non-Equity Incentive Plan Compensation ($) (2) | All Other Compensation ($) (3) | Total ($)
Mark Dankberg | 2020 | 1,300,000 | — | 4,375,022 | 4,375,634 | 1,700,000 | 17,790 | 11,768,446
Chairman of the Board and | 2019 | 1,215,000 | — | 3,222,356 | 4,524,800 | 1,700,000 | 26,721 | 10,688,877
Chief Executive Officer | 2018 | 1,175,000 | — | 3,442,625 | 4,485,810 | 1,335,018 | 50,872 | 10,489,325
Richard Baldridge | 2020 | 1,100,000 | — | 3,718,783 | 3,719,295 | 1,500,000 | 9,937 | 10,048,015
Director, President and | 2019 | 1,035,000 | — | 1,726,250 | 2,424,000 | 1,500,000 | 12,486 | 6,697,736
Chief Operating Officer | 2018 | 1,000,000 | — | 2,766,375 | 3,604,669 | 1,157,032 | 13,086 | 8,541,162
Shawn Duffy | 2020 | 575,000 | — | 1,250,057 | 1,250,186 | 590,000 | 17,730 | 3,682,973
Senior Vice President and | 2019 | 550,000 | — | 863,125 | 1,212,000 | 500,000 | 18,250 | 3,143,375
Chief Financial Officer | 2018 | 525,000 | — | 737,700 | 961,245 | 400,562 | 20,457 | 2,644,964
Kevin Harkenrider | 2020 | 575,000 | — | 1,000,017 | 1,000,154 | 525,000 | 12,668 | 3,112,839
Executive Vice President, Global Operations and Chief Operations Officer (4) | 2019 | 550,000 | — | 863,125 | 1,212,000 | 500,000 | 12,755 | 3,137,880
Ken Peterman | 2020 | 680,769 | — | 1,500,026 | 1,500,217 | 765,000 | 79,510 | 4,525,522
Senior Vice President and | 2019 | 600,000 | — | 863,125 | 1,212,000 | 700,000 | 35,783 | 3,410,908
President, Government Systems | 2018 | 475,000 | — | 737,700 | 961,245 | 534,020 | 13,500 | 2,721,465 (1) | These columns represent the aggregate grant date fair value, calculated in accordance with SEC rules, of performance-based stock options and restricted stock unit awards granted in fiscal years 2020, 2019 and 2018. These amounts generally reflect the amount that we expect to expense in our financial statements over the award’s vesting schedule, and do not correspond to the actual value that will be realized by the Named Executive Officers. In November 2017, 2018 and 2019, the Named Executive Officers were granted performance-based stock options which vest, in part, dependent upon continued service over a four year vesting schedule and, in part, dependent upon the achievement of the company’s TSR compared to its peer group during the four-year performance period ending October 31, 2021, 2022 and 2023, respectively. The grant date fair value of the performance-based stock options was calculated using a Monte Carlo simulation which considered the likelihood of achieving the vesting conditions. For additional information on the valuation assumptions used in the calculation of these amounts for the respective year end, refer to note 7 to the financial statements included in our annual report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2020, as filed with the SEC. (2) | Represents amounts earned under our annual bonus program. For purposes of the fiscal year 2018 annual bonuses, our Compensation and Human Resources Committee determined the total bonuses payable to the Named Executive Officers for fiscal year 2018 annual bonus purposes and then determined to pay all of such bonuses in the form of fully vested shares of our common stock issued under our 1996 Equity Participation Plan. The total bonus payable to each Named Executive Officer was converted into a number of shares based on the closing price per share of our common stock on June 1, 2018 ($63.25), and the shares were issued to the Named Executive Officers on that date (less a number of shares with a fair market value on the date of issuance sufficient to cover the applicable tax withholding obligations and withheld by us from the shares issued to the Named Executive Officer). The aggregate number of shares of our common stock issued to the Named Executive Officers in June 2018 in satisfaction of their fiscal year 2018 annual bonuses was as follows (prior to any tax withholding): Mr. Dankberg (21,107); Mr. Baldridge (18,293); Ms. Duffy (6,333); and Mr. Peterman (8,443). (3) | The amounts for fiscal year 2020 include the following: reimbursement of club dues for Mr. Dankberg and Ms. Duffy in the amount of $4,290 and $8,028, respectively; relocation expense reimbursement for Mr. Peterman in the amount of $68,337 (which includes a gross up of $16,640 to satisfy tax obligations); patent awards for Mr. Dankberg, in the amount of $500; and company 401(k) contributions for Mr. Dankberg, Mr. Baldridge, Ms. Duffy, Mr. Harkenrider and Mr. Peterman in the amount of $13,000, $9,937, $9,702, $12,668 and $11,173, respectively. (4) | Mr. Harkenrider was not a Named Executive Officer in fiscal year 2018. 2020 Proxy Statement 45 Table of Contents EXECUTIVE
COMPENSATION • Grants of Plan-Based Awards in Fiscal Year 2020 Grants of Plan-Based Awards in Fiscal Year 2020 The following table sets forth information regarding grants of plan-based awards to each of the Named Executive Officers during fiscal year 2020: Estimated Future Payouts Under Non-Equity Incentive Plan Awards (1) | Estimated Future Payouts Under Equity Incentive Plan Awards (2) | All Other Stock Awards: Number of Shares of Stock or Units (#) (3) | All Other Option Awards: Number of Securities Underlying Options (#) | Exercise or Base Price of Option Awards ($/Sh) (4) | Grant Date Fair Value of Stock and Option Awards ($) (5)
Name | Grant Date | Threshold ($) | Target ($) | Maximum ($) | Threshold (#) | Target (#) | Maximum (#)
Mark Dankberg | — | — | 1,820,000 | 4,550,000 | — | — | — | — | — | — | —
11/15/19 | — | — | — | — | — | — | 60,908 | — | — | 4,375,022
11/15/19 | — | — | — | 71,944 | 143,888 | 251,804 | — | — | 71.83 | 4,375,634
Richard Baldridge | — | — | 1,540,000 | 3,850,000 | — | — | — | — | — | — | —
11/15/19 | — | — | — | — | — | — | 51,772 | — | — | 3,718,783
11/15/19 | — | — | — | 61,453 | 122,305 | 214,034 | — | — | 71.83 | 3,719,295
Shawn Duffy | — | — | 517,500 | 1,293,750 | — | — | — | — | — | — | —
11/15/19 | — | — | — | — | — | — | 17,403 | — | — | 1,250,057
11/15/19 | — | — | — | 20,556 | 41,111 | 71,944 | — | — | 71.83 | 1,250,186
Kevin Harkenrider | — | — | 488,750 | 1,221,875 | — | — | — | — | — | — | —
11/15/19 | — | — | — | — | — | — | 13,922 | — | — | 1,000,017
11/15/19 | — | — | — | 16,445 | 32,889 | 57,556 | — | — | 71.83 | 1,000,154
Ken Peterman | — | — | 675,000 | 1,687,500 | — | — | — | — | — | — | —
11/15/19 | — | — | — | — | — | — | 20,883 | — | — | 1,500,026
11/15/19 | — | — | — | 24,667 | 49,333 | 86,333 | — | — | 71.83 | 1,500,217 (1) | Represents target and maximum amounts payable under our annual bonus program for fiscal year 2020. Actual amounts paid to the Named Executive Officers pursuant to such bonus program are disclosed in the Summary Compensation Table under the column heading “Non-Equity Incentive Plan Compensation.” The material terms of the bonus program are described in the Compensation Discussion and Analysis section. (2) | Performance-based stock options that will become eligible to vest (a) in part dependent on the Named Executive Officer’s continued service over a four-year time-based vesting schedule, with the Named Executive Officer vesting in 25% of the performance-based options on each of the first four anniversaries of the date of grant, and (b) in part dependent on a comparison over the four-year performance period ending October 31, 2023 of our TSR to the TSR of the companies included in the S&P Mid Cap 400 Index. The number of options that will ultimately become vested and exercisable at the end of the four year vesting schedule will range from 0% to 175% of the target number of options based on our relative TSR ranking for the four-year performance period ending October 31, 2023. The performance-based stock options must be vested under both the time-based vesting schedule and the performance-based vesting conditions in order to become exercisable by the Named Executive Officer. (3) | Restricted stock unit awards vest in four equal annual installments over the course of four years measured from the grant date. (4) | The exercise price for option awards is the fair market value per share of our common stock, which is defined under our 1996 Equity Participation Plan as the closing price per share on the grant date. (5) | This column represents the grant date fair value, calculated in accordance with SEC rules, of each equity award. These amounts generally reflect the amount that we expect to expense in our financial statements over the award’s vesting schedule, and do not correspond to the actual value that will be realized by the Named Executive Officers. The grant date fair value of the performance-based stock options was calculated using a Monte Carlo simulation which considered the likelihood of achieving the vesting conditions. For additional information on the valuation assumptions used in the calculation of these amounts, refer to note 7 to the financial statements included in our annual report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2020, as filed with the SEC. 46 Table of Contents EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION • Outstanding Equity Awards at 2020 Fiscal Year End Outstanding Equity
Awards at 2020 Fiscal Year End The following table lists all outstanding equity awards held by each of the Named Executive Officers
as of March 31, 2020: Option Awards | Stock Awards
Number of Securities Underlying Unexercised Options (#)
Name | Grant Date | Exercisable | Unexercisable (1) | Equity Incentive Plan Awards: Number of Securities Underlying Unexercised Unearned Options (#) (2) | Option Exercise Price ($) | Option Expiration Date | Number of Shares or Units of Stock That Have Not Vested (#) (3) | Market Value of Shares or Units of Stock That Have Not Vested ($) (4)
Mark Dankberg | 11/17/2014 | 110,000 | — | — | 65.86 | 11/17/2020 | — | —
11/17/2015 | 125,000 | — | — | 61.26 | 11/17/2021 | — | —
11/17/2016 | 105,000 | 35,000 | — | 69.74 | 11/17/2022 | — | —
11/17/2017 | — | — | 140,000 | 73.77 | 11/17/2023 | — | —
11/19/2018 | — | — | 140,000 | 69.05 | 11/19/2024 | — | —
11/15/2019 | — | — | 143,888 | 71.83 | 11/15/2025 | — | —
11/17/2016 | — | — | — | — | — | 11,666 | 419,043
11/17/2017 | — | — | — | — | — | 23,333 | 838,121
11/19/2018 | — | — | — | — | — | 35,000 | 1,257,200
11/15/2019 | — | — | — | — | — | 60,908 | 2,187,815
Richard Baldridge | 11/17/2014 | 65,000 | — | — | 65.86 | 11/17/2020 | — | —
11/17/2015 | 95,000 | — | — | 61.26 | 11/17/2021 | — | —
11/17/2016 | 84,375 | 28,125 | — | 69.74 | 11/17/2022 | — | —
11/17/2017 | — | — | 112,500 | 73.77 | 11/17/2023 | — | —
11/19/2018 | — | — | 75,000 | 69.05 | 11/19/2024 | — | —
11/15/2019 | — | — | 122,305 | 71.83 | 11/15/2025 | — | —
11/17/2016 | — | — | — | — | — | 9,375 | 336,750
11/17/2017 | — | — | — | — | — | 18,750 | 673,500
11/19/2018 | — | — | — | — | — | 18,750 | 673,500
11/15/2019 | — | — | — | — | — | 51,772 | 1,859,650
Shawn Duffy | 11/17/2014 | 22,500 | — | — | 65.86 | 11/17/2020 | — | —
11/17/2015 | 27,500 | — | — | 61.26 | 11/17/2021 | — | —
11/17/2016 | 20,625 | 6,875 | — | 69.74 | 11/17/2022 | — | —
11/17/2017 | — | — | 30,000 | 73.77 | 11/17/2023 | — | —
11/19/2018 | — | — | 37,500 | 69.05 | 11/19/2024 | — | —
11/15/2019 | — | — | 41,111 | 71.83 | 11/15/2025 | — | —
11/17/2016 | — | — | — | — | — | 2,291 | 82,293
11/17/2017 | — | — | — | — | — | 5,000 | 179,600
11/19/2018 | — | — | — | — | — | 9,375 | 336,750
11/15/2019 | — | — | — | — | — | 17,403 | 625,116
Kevin Harkenrider | 11/17/2014 | 20,000 | — | — | 65.86 | 11/17/2020 | — | —
11/17/2015 | 22,500 | — | — | 61.26 | 11/17/2021 | — | —
11/17/2016 | 16,125 | 5,375 | — | 69.74 | 11/17/2022 | — | —
11/17/2017 | — | — | 22,250 | 73.77 | 11/17/2023 | — | —
11/19/2018 | — | — | 37,500 | 69.05 | 11/19/2024 | — | —
11/15/2019 | — | — | 32,889 | 71.83 | 11/15/2025 | — | —
11/17/2016 | — | — | — | — | — | 1,791 | 64,333
11/17/2017 | — | — | — | — | — | 3,750 | 134,700
11/19/2018 | — | — | — | — | — | 9,375 | 336,750
11/15/2019 | — | — | — | — | — | 13,922 | 500,078
Ken Peterman | 11/17/2015 | 5,625 | — | — | 61.26 | 11/17/2021 | — | —
11/17/2016 | 5,375 | 5,375 | — | 69.74 | 11/17/2022 | — | —
11/17/2017 | — | — | 30,000 | 73.77 | 11/17/2023 | — | —
11/19/2018 | — | — | 37,500 | 69.05 | 11/19/2024 | — | —
11/15/2019 | — | — | 49,333 | 71.83 | 11/15/2025 | — | —
11/17/2016 | — | — | — | — | — | 1,791 | 64,333
11/17/2017 | — | — | — | — | — | 5,000 | 179,600
11/19/2018 | — | — | — | — | — | 9,375 | 336,750
11/15/2019 | — | — | — | — | — | 20,883 | 750,117 (1) | Options vest and become exercisable in four equal annual installments over the course of four years measured from the grant date. 2020 Proxy Statement 47 Table of Contents EXECUTIVE
COMPENSATION • Option Exercises and Stock Vested in Fiscal Year 2020 (2) | Performance-based stock options that will become eligible to vest (a) in part dependent on the Named Executive Officer’s continued service over a four-year time-based vesting schedule, with the Named Executive Officer vesting in 25% of the performance-based options on each of the first four anniversaries of the date of grant and (b) in part dependent on a comparison over the four-year performance period ending October 31 of the fourth year after the date of grant of our TSR to the TSR of the companies included in the S&P MidCap 400 Index. The number of options that will ultimately become vested and exercisable at the end of the four year vesting schedule will range from 0% to 175% of the target number of options based on the Company’s relative TSR ranking for the four-year performance period ending October 31 of the fourth year after the date of grant. The performance-based stock options must be vested under both the time-based vesting schedule and the performance-based vesting conditions in order to become exercisable by the Named Executive Officer. The performance-based stock options are reflected in the table above at “target” performance levels. (3) | Restricted stock unit awards vest in four equal annual installments over the course of four years measured from the grant date. (4) | Computed by multiplying the closing price of our common stock on March 31, 2020 ($35.92 per share) by the number of shares subject to such stock award. Option Exercises and Stock Vested in Fiscal Year 2020 The following table provides information concerning exercises of stock options by and stock awards vested for each of the Named Executive Officers
during fiscal year 2020: Option Awards | Stock Awards
Name | Number of Shares Acquired on Exercise (#) | Value Realized on Exercise ($) (1) | Number of Shares Acquired on Vesting (#) | Value Realized on Vesting ($) (1)
Mark Dankberg | 100,000 | 2,978,800 | 45,417 | 3,337,991
Richard Baldridge | 55,000 | 1,539,010 | 32,916 | 2,423,534
Shawn Duffy | 17,500 | 496,478 | 10,208 | 749,267
Kevin Harkenrider | 17,500 | 365,435 | 8,667 | (2) | 635,233 | (2)
Ken Peterman | 47,625 | 618,747 | 9,292 | 681,483 (1) | With respect to stock option exercises, the value realized equals the difference between the market price of our common stock at exercise and the option exercise price, multiplied by the number of shares for which the option was exercised. With respect to stock awards, the value realized equals the closing price of our common stock on the date of vesting multiplied by the number of shares subject to the award vesting on such date. (2) | Mr. Harkenrider deferred 8,667 shares of his restricted stock unit awards that vested in fiscal year 2020. All restricted stock units noted in the table above for Mr. Harkenrider vested during fiscal year 2020, but the underlying shares for the deferred restricted stock unit awards had not yet been delivered to or acquired by the executive as of the end of fiscal year 2020. Pension
Benefits None of our Named Executive Officers participates in or has account balances in qualified or non-qualified defined benefit plans sponsored by us. Non-Qualified Deferred Compensation In accordance with Section 409A of the Code, we allow our executive officers to elect
to defer the timing of receipt of the shares issuable pursuant to their restricted stock unit awards. The following table sets forth information for our Named Executive Officers with respect to restricted stock units that vested but for which the
underlying shares had not yet been delivered to the executive due to deferral elections made by the executives: Name | Executive Contributions in Fiscal Year 2020 ($)(1) | Registrant Contributions in Fiscal Year 2020 ($) | Aggregate Earnings (Losses) in Fiscal Year 2020 ($)(2) | Aggregate Withdrawals / Distributions ($)(3) | Aggregate Balance at 2020 Fiscal Year End ($)(4)
Mark Dankberg | — | — | — | — | —
Richard Baldridge | — | — | — | — | —
Shawn Duffy | — | — | — | — | —
Kevin Harkenrider (5) | 635,233 | — | (3,377,781 | ) | 242,460 | 2,912,573
Ken Peterman | — | — | — | — | — 48 Table of Contents EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION • Potential Payments Upon Termination (1) | The amount reported in this column represents the value of the shares underlying the deferred restricted stock units that vested during fiscal year 2020, calculated based on the market price on the applicable vesting date. The grant date fair value attributable to these restricted stock units was previously reported in the Summary Compensation Table for the fiscal year in which they were granted. (2) | Represents the change in market value of the shares of our common stock underlying the deferred restricted stock units held by the Named Executive Officer as of the last day of fiscal year 2020, calculated as the difference between (a) the closing price of our common stock on the applicable vesting date (for restricted stock units vesting during fiscal year 2020) or the first day of fiscal year 2020 (for restricted stock units that vested during prior fiscal years) and (b) the closing price on March 31, 2020, the last day of fiscal year 2020. No additional earnings (either in the form of accrued dividends or dividend equivalents) are paid on deferred restricted stock units. (3) | The amount represents the value of shares underlying 3,000 deferred restricted stock units distributed to Mr. Harkenrider on June 28, 2019 pursuant to his deferral elections based on the closing price on the date of distribution. (4) | The amount represents the value of shares of our common stock underlying the deferred restricted stock units based on the closing price on March 31, 2020 ($35.92 per share), the last trading day of fiscal year 2020. (5) | Mr. Harkenrider’s deferred restricted stock units will be distributed to him on fixed distribution dates elected by him at the time of grant or, if earlier, upon a change in control of Viasat or his death. Potential Payments Upon Termination Viasat provides for
certain severance payments and benefits in the event that an executive officer’s employment is involuntarily or constructively terminated within two months prior to or within 18 months following a change in control of the company. We believe
that reasonable severance payments and benefits provide for a stable work environment by reinforcing and encouraging the continued attention and dedication of our key executive officers to their duties of employment without personal distraction or
conflict of interest in circumstances which could arise from the occurrence of a change in control. We have entered into change in
control severance agreements, or Change in Control Agreements, with each of the Named Executive Officers. Under each Change in Control Agreement, in the event an executive officer’s employment is terminated by Viasat without “cause”
or the executive officer resigns for “good reason,” in either case, within two months prior to or within 18 months following a “change in control” of the company (as each term is defined in the Change in Control Agreement), the
executive officer will be entitled to receive the following in lieu of any severance payments and benefits to which such executive may otherwise be entitled under any severance plan or program: • | the executive officer’s fully earned but unpaid base salary, when due, through the date of termination, plus all other benefits to which the executive officer may be entitled for such period, • | a lump sum cash payment based on a multiplier of the sum of the executive officer’s then current annual base salary and target annual bonus (the multiplier used is 3.0 for the positions of Chief Executive Officer and President, and 2.0 for the remaining Named Executive Officers), • | continuation of health and other benefits for a period of 18 months following the date of termination, and • | full vesting of any outstanding equity awards. As a condition to the executive officer’s receipt of any of the post-termination payments and benefits described above, the Named Executive
Officer must (1) execute a written general release of all claims, and (2) execute an employee proprietary information and inventions agreement. The severance payments and benefits payable under the Change in Control Agreements will be
reduced by any severance payments and benefits payable by us to the Named Executive Officer under any other policy, plan, program, agreement or arrangement. The Change in Control Agreements continue for successive one-year terms unless Viasat or the Named Executive Officer provides notice of non-renewal. For a discussion of the effect of a termination of employment and/or a change in control on the performance-based stock options granted to our Named
Executive Officers during fiscal year 2020, see the discussion above in “Compensation Discussion and Analysis — Components of our Compensation Program — Equity-Based Compensation.” A Named Executive Officer’s time-based
restricted stock units and time-based stock options will also vest upon his or her death or termination due to disability. The following
table sets forth the intrinsic values that the Named Executive Officers would derive in the event of a hypothetical termination of employment by Viasat without cause or as a result of the Named Executive Officer’s resignation for good reason
within two months prior to or within 18 months following a change in control of the company (or, with respect to equity awards 2020 Proxy Statement 49 Table of Contents EXECUTIVE
COMPENSATION • CEO Pay Ratio held by
our Named Executive Officers, in the event of their death or termination due to disability). The table assumes that the termination of employment hypothetically occurred on March 31, 2020, the last day of fiscal year 2020, and that the Change
in Control Agreements were in effect as of such date. Name | Accrued Vacation ($)(1) | Severance Payment ($) | COBRA Payments ($) (2) | Intrinsic Value of Accelerated Stock Options ($) (3) | Intrinsic Value of Accelerated Restricted Stock Units ($) (4) | Total ($)
Mark Dankberg | 250,000 | 9,360,000 | 23,549 | — | 4,702,179 | 14,335,728
Richard Baldridge | 211,538 | 7,920,000 | 23,549 | — | 3,543,400 | 11,698,487
Shawn Duffy | 87,889 | 2,185,000 | 36,993 | — | 1,223,759 | 3,533,641
Kevin Harkenrider (5) | 105,963 | 2,127,500 | 23,549 | — | 1,035,861 | 3,292,873
Ken Peterman | 98,077 | 2,850,000 | 36,993 | — | 1,330,800 | 4,315,870 (1) | Represents accrual for vacation that had not been taken as of March 31, 2020. (2) | Amounts shown equal an aggregate of 18 months of COBRA payments for the Named Executive Officer. (3) | The intrinsic value of accelerated stock options is based on the difference between the closing price of our common stock on March 31, 2020 ($35.92 per share) and the option exercise price, multiplied by the number of shares for which the option was accelerated. A Named Executive Officer will also vest in all of his or her time-based stock options in the event of his or her death or termination due to disability. In addition, in the event of a Named Executive Officer’s death or termination due to disability prior to the completion of the applicable performance period for any outstanding performance-based stock options, he or she will remain eligible to vest in a pro-rated portion of those performance-based stock options that ultimately vest based on the portion of the performance period that has elapsed prior to the date of termination. Given that, as of March 31, 2020, the closing price of our common stock was lower than the option exercise price of all outstanding stock options held by our Named Executive Officers, the intrinsic value of any accelerated options as of that date is zero as reflected in the table above. (4) | The intrinsic value of accelerated restricted stock unit awards is computed by multiplying the closing price of our common stock on March 31, 2020 ($35.92 per share) by the number of shares that were accelerated. In addition, upon a Named Executive Officer’s death or termination due to disability, all of his or her restricted stock units will fully vest (and the value of the restricted stock units that would vest if such a termination occurred on March 31, 2020 is the same as the value disclosed in the table above). (5) | Mr. Harkenrider is also entitled to receive underlying shares related to deferred restricted stock unit awards upon his separation from the company. For additional information, see the Non-Qualified Deferred Compensation table. If a change in control of Viasat or Mr. Harkenrider’s death had occurred on March 31, 2020, he would have been entitled to receive a distribution of an aggregate of 81,085 shares subject to his deferred restricted stock units with an aggregate value of $2,912,573, computed by multiplying the closing price of our common stock on March 31, 2020 ($35.92 per share) by the number of shares that would have been distributed. CEO Pay Ratio In accordance with SEC rules, we are
providing the ratio of the annual total compensation received during fiscal year 2020 by our CEO to the median of the annual total compensation received by our median employee. Based upon the annual total compensation of Mr. Dankberg of
$11,768,446 reported in the Summary Compensation Table for fiscal year 2020, our ratio of CEO pay to median employee pay for fiscal year 2020 was approximately 108 to 1. There have been no changes to our employee population or employee compensation arrangements during fiscal year 2020 that we reasonably believe would
result in a significant change to our pay ratio disclosure. However, there was a change in the circumstances of the median employee we identified as of March 31, 2019 that we reasonably believe would result in a significant change to our pay
ratio disclosure. As a result, in accordance with SEC rules, we elected to substitute another employee as our median employee for fiscal year 2020 whose compensation was substantially similar to the compensation of the median employee identified in
fiscal year 2019, based on the compensation measures used to select the median employee in fiscal year 2019, as permitted by SEC rules. To identify our original median employee in fiscal year 2019, we identified our total employee population (including all full-time, part-time,
temporary and seasonal workers) as of March 31, 2019, and, in accordance with SEC rules, excluded employees from certain countries that in the aggregate represented less than 5% of our employee base. As of March 31, 2019, we had
approximately 5,625 global employees. To determine our median employee, we excluded a total of 262 employees from the following countries (and all of our employees in each of the following countries were excluded from the calculation): Australia (40
employees), Brazil (3 employees), Canada (1 employee), China (2 employees), Germany (4 employees), Switzerland (58 employees), United Kingdom (74 employees), Ireland (70 employees), Israel (5 employees), Netherlands (2 employees) and Italy (3
employees). We then used base salary received during fiscal year 2019 for our employee population included in the calculation (other than Mr. Dankberg) to determine our median employee, and, once identified, we calculated such employee’s
annual total compensation in the same manner used to calculate Mr. Dankberg’s compensation in the Summary 50 Table of Contents EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION • Director Compensation Compensation Table for fiscal year 2019. For all compensation paid in currencies other than the U.S. Dollar, all values were converted to the U.S.
Dollar using foreign currency exchange rates on March 31, 2019. Director
Compensation The following table sets forth the compensation earned during the fiscal year ended March 31, 2020 by each of our non-employee directors: Name | Fees Earned or Paid in Cash ($) | Stock Awards ($)(1) | Option Awards ($)(2) | Non-Equity Incentive Plan Compensation ($) | Change in Pension Value and Non-Qualified Deferred Compensation Earnings ($) | All Other Compensation ($) | Total ($)
Frank J. Biondi, Jr. | 84,500 | 123,952 | 104,797 | — | — | — | 313,249
Robert Johnson | 89,750 | 123,952 | 104,797 | — | — | — | 318,499
B. Allen Lay (3) | 9,500 | — | — | — | — | — | 9,500
Jeffrey Nash (3) | 13,750 | — | — | — | — | — | 13,750
Sean Pak | 100,000 | 123,952 | 104,797 | — | — | — | 328,749
Varsha Rao | 84,000 | 123,952 | 104,797 | — | — | — | 312,749
John Stenbit | 100,000 | 123,952 | 104,797 | — | — | — | 328,749
Harvey White | 104,000 | 123,952 | 104,797 | — | — | — | 332,749
Theresa Wise, Ph.D. | 1,000 | 195,600 | 157,083 | — | — | — | 353,683 (1) | This column represents the aggregate grant date fair value, calculated in accordance with SEC rules, of restricted stock unit awards granted in fiscal year 2020. These amounts generally reflect the amount that we expect to expense in our financial statements over the award’s vesting schedule, and do not correspond to the actual value that will be realized by the non-employee directors. For additional information on the valuation assumptions used in the calculation of these amounts, refer to note 7 to the financial statements included in our annual report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2020, as filed with the SEC. The aggregate number of shares of our common stock subject to restricted stock unit awards outstanding at the end of fiscal year 2020 for each non-employee director was as follows: Mr. Biondi (0); Mr. Johnson (1,600); Dr. Wise (3,000); Mr. Lay (0); Mr. Nash (0); Mr. Pak (2,600); Ms. Rao (2,600); Mr. Stenbit (1,600); and Mr. White (1,600). (2) | This column represents the aggregate grant date fair value, calculated in accordance with SEC rules, of stock options granted in fiscal year 2020, excluding the effect of estimated forfeitures. These amounts generally reflect the amount that we expect to expense in our financial statements over the award’s vesting schedule, and do not correspond to the actual value that will be realized by the non-employee directors. For additional information on the valuation assumptions used in the calculation of these amounts, refer to note 7 to the financial statements included in our annual report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2020, as filed with the SEC. The aggregate number of shares of our common stock subject to stock options outstanding at the end of fiscal year 2020 for each director was as follows: Mr. Biondi (29,000); Mr. Johnson (30,000); Dr. Wise (9,000); Mr. Lay (0); Mr. Nash (0); Mr. Pak (19,000); Ms. Rao (24,000); Mr. Stenbit (30,000); and Mr. White (10,000). (3) | Messrs. Lay and Nash were directors whose terms expired at the 2019 annual meeting of stockholders. Directors who are employees of the company, such as Mr. Dankberg and Mr. Baldridge, do not receive any
additional compensation for their services as directors. Compensation Arrangements for Non-Employee Directors Non-employee directors
are entitled to receive an annual cash retainer for their service in the amount of $50,000 as a member of the Board of Directors, $12,000 for the chair of the Audit Committee, $8,000 for the chair of the Compensation and Human Resources Committee,
$3,000 for the chair of the other Board committees, $6,000 as a non-chair member of the Audit Committee, $4,000 as a non-chair member of the Compensation and Human
Resources Committee, and $2,000 as a non-chair member of the other Board committees. In addition, each non-employee director receives a meeting fee of $2,000 for each
Board meeting attended, $1,500 for each committee meeting attended as the chair of such committee, and $1,000 for each committee meeting attended as a non-chair member of such committee. The meeting fee paid
to non-employee directors for participation via telephone for each Board meeting or committee meeting is one-half of the regular meeting fee. At the time of initial election to the Board of Directors, each non-employee director is granted a
restricted stock unit award that may be settled for 3,000 shares of our common stock and an option to purchase 9,000 shares of our common stock, and at each subsequent annual meeting of stockholders, each non-employee director is entitled to receive an annual equity grant in 2020 Proxy Statement 51 Table of Contents EXECUTIVE
COMPENSATION • Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation the
form of a restricted stock unit award that may be settled for 1,600 shares of our common stock and an option to purchase 5,000 shares of our common stock. Initial awards vest in three equal installments on each of the first three anniversaries
of the date of grant. Annual awards vest on the first anniversary of the date of grant. Under the Restated Equity Plan, awards to our non-employee directors are subject to accelerated vesting in the event of a
change in control or the director’s death or disability. Members of the Board of Directors are reimbursed for expenses incurred in attending Board and committee meetings, and in connection with Board related activities. Stock Ownership Guidelines for Non-Employee Directors To enhance our overall corporate governance practices and director compensation program, our Board has adopted stock ownership guidelines for our non-employee directors. These guidelines are designed to align our non-employee directors’ interests with our stockholders’ long-term interests by promoting
long-term ownership of Viasat common stock. These guidelines provide that, within five years of his or her first date of election to our Board, our non-employee directors should attain an investment position
in Viasat common stock having a value not less than three times the value of their annual retainer for general Board service. As of the end of fiscal year 2020, all directors were in compliance with the applicable stock ownership guidelines. Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation The members of the Compensation and Human Resources Committee for fiscal year 2020 were Mr. Biondi, Mr. Nash, Mr. Pak, Ms. Rao,
Mr. Stenbit and Mr. White. None of the members of our Compensation and Human Resources Committee has ever been one of our officers or employees. During fiscal year 2020, none of our executive officers served on the board of directors or
compensation committee of any entity whose officers served either on our Board of Directors or on our Compensation and Human Resources Committee. Equity Compensation Plan Information The following table provides information as of
March 31, 2020 with respect to shares of Viasat common stock that may be issued under existing equity compensation plans. In accordance with the rules promulgated by the SEC, the table does not include information with respect to shares subject
to outstanding awards granted under equity compensation arrangements assumed by us in connection with mergers and acquisitions of the companies that originally granted those awards. (a) | (b) | (c)
Plan Category | Number of Securities to be Issued Upon Exercise of Outstanding Options, Warrants and Rights (#)(1) | Weighted Average Exercise Price of Outstanding Options, Warrants and Rights ($)(2) | Number of Securities Remaining Available for Future Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans (Excluding Securities Reflected in Column (a))(#)
Equity compensation plans approved by security holders (3) | 5,876,347 | 69.13 | 4,079,991 | (4)
Equity compensation plans not approved by security holders | — | — | —
Total | 5,876,347 | 69.13 | 4,079,991 (1) | Includes outstanding restricted stock units and stock options. Performance-based stock options are included at “target” levels. Excludes purchase rights currently accruing under the Viasat, Inc. Employee Stock Purchase Plan. (2) | The weighted average exercise price does not take into account the shares subject to outstanding restricted stock units, which have no exercise price. (3) | Consists of two plans: (a) the 1996 Equity Participation Plan of Viasat, Inc., and (b) the Viasat, Inc. Employee Stock Purchase Plan. (4) | Includes (a) 3,102,420 shares available for future issuance under the 1996 Equity Participation Plan of Viasat, Inc., and (b) 977,571 shares available for future issuance under the Viasat, Inc. Employee Stock Purchase Plan, all of which may be subject to purchase rights outstanding as of March 31, 2020. For purposes of calculating the shares that remain available for grant under the Equity Plan, each “full value” award is counted using the applicable ratio as specified in the Equity Plan, and performance-based stock options are calculated assuming “maximum” performance. 52 Table of Contents CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS Review and Approval of Related Party Transactions The Audit Committee (or another independent body of the Board of Directors, such as the disinterested members of the Board) reviews transactions
that may be related person transactions, which are transactions between Viasat and related persons where the amount involved exceeds $120,000 in a single fiscal year and in which a related person has a direct or indirect material interest. Under SEC
rules, a related person is a director, director nominee, executive officer, beneficial owner of more than 5% of Viasat common stock and their respective immediate family members. As set forth in the Audit Committee charter, the members of the Audit
Committee, all of whom are independent directors, review and approve or ratify any related person transaction that is required to be disclosed in this proxy statement in accordance with SEC rules. In the course of its review and approval or
ratification of a disclosable related person transaction, the Audit Committee or the disinterested members of the Board may consider: • | the nature of the related person’s interest in the transaction, • | the material terms of the transaction, including without limitation, the amount and type of transaction, • | the importance of the transaction to the related person, • | the importance of the transaction to the company, • | whether the transaction would impair the judgment of a director or executive officer to act in the best interest of the company, and • | any other matters the Audit Committee or the Board deems appropriate. Related Party Transactions A daughter-in-law of Mr. Baldridge is employed as an Attorney
at Viasat. She earned an aggregate of approximately $131,200 in base salary and bonus during fiscal year 2020, and participates in our equity award and benefit programs. A brother of Mr. Dankberg is employed as a Director of Information Systems at Viasat. He earned approximately $166,500 in base salary
during fiscal year 2020, and participates in our benefit programs. Mr. Dankberg’s son is a Media Operations Director at Viasat. He earned an aggregate of approximately $284,000 in base salary and bonus during fiscal year 2020, and
participates in our equity award and benefit programs. A brother of Mark Miller is employed as a Systems Design Engineer at
Viasat. He earned an aggregate of approximately $401,200 in base salary and bonus during fiscal year 2020, and participates in our equity award and benefit programs. Mr. Miller’s son is a Software Engineer at Viasat. He earned an
aggregate of approximately $183,100 in base salary and bonus during fiscal year 2020, and participates in our equity award and benefit programs. A brother-in-law of Harvey White is employed as a Business Systems Analyst at Viasat. He earned an aggregate of approximately $156,600 in base salary
and bonus during fiscal year 2020, and participates in our equity award and benefit programs. 2020 Proxy Statement 53 Table of Contents AUDIT COMMITTEE REPORT The purpose of the Audit Committee is to assist the Board of Directors in its general oversight of Viasat’s financial reporting, internal
control and audit functions. The Audit Committee is comprised solely of independent directors, as defined in the applicable Nasdaq and SEC rules. The Audit Committee operates under a written audit committee charter adopted by the Board of Directors.
A copy of the audit committee charter can be found on the Investor Relations section of Viasat’s website at investors.viasat.com . The composition of the Audit Committee, the attributes of its members and the responsibilities of the Audit
Committee, as reflected in its written charter, are intended to be in accordance with applicable requirements for corporate audit committees. Management is responsible for the preparation, presentation and integrity of Viasat’s financial statements, accounting and financial reporting principles, establishing and maintaining a system of disclosure controls and
procedures, establishing and maintaining a system of internal controls, and procedures designed to facilitate compliance with accounting standards and applicable laws and regulations. PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, Viasat’s independent registered
public accounting firm, is responsible for performing an independent audit of the consolidated financial statements and expressing an opinion on the conformity of those financial statements with generally accepted accounting principles, as well as
expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of Viasat’s internal control over financial reporting. The Audit Committee periodically meets with PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, with and without management present, to discuss the results of their
examinations, their evaluations of Viasat’s internal controls and the overall quality of Viasat’s financial reporting. The Audit Committee members are not professional accountants or auditors, and their functions are not intended to
duplicate or to certify the activities of management or the independent registered public accounting firm. The Audit Committee has
reviewed and discussed the audited consolidated financial statements for fiscal year 2020 with management and PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP. Specifically, the Audit Committee reviewed with PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, who is responsible for expressing
an opinion on the conformity of those audited financial statements with generally accepted accounting principles, its judgments as to the quality, not just acceptability, of the accounting principles, reasonableness of significant judgments, and
clarity of disclosures in the financial statements. The Audit Committee also discussed with PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP the matters required to be discussed pursuant to the rules adopted by the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board and the SEC. The Audit Committee has received from PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP the written disclosures and letter required by applicable requirements
of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board regarding PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP’s communications with the Audit Committee concerning independence, and has discussed with PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP its independence from Viasat. In reliance on these reviews and discussions, the Audit Committee has recommended to the Board of Directors that Viasat’s audited financial
statements be included in Viasat’s annual report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2020 for filing with the SEC. The information contained in this Audit Committee Report shall not be deemed to be “soliciting material,” to be “filed” with
the SEC or be subject to Regulation 14A or Regulation 14C or to the liabilities of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, and shall not be deemed to be incorporated by reference into any filing of Viasat, except to the extent that
Viasat specifically incorporates it by reference into a document filed under the Securities Act of 1933 or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Respectfully Submitted by the Audit Committee Harvey White (Chair) Robert Johnson Varsha Rao John Stenbit 54 Table of Contents OTHER MATTERS Stockholder Proposals for Inclusion in Viasat’s 2021 Proxy Statement. Stockholders of Viasat may submit proposals on matters appropriate for stockholder action at meetings of our stockholders in accordance with Rule 14a-8 promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. To be eligible for inclusion in our proxy statement relating to the 2021 annual meeting of stockholders, proposals must satisfy the conditions
established by the SEC for stockholder proposals to be included in the proxy statement, and must otherwise be received by Viasat no later than March 25, 2021, unless the date of the 2021 annual meeting is changed by more than 30 days from the
anniversary of our 2020 annual meeting, in which case the deadline will be as set forth in Rule 14a-8. Such proposals must be delivered to Viasat, Inc., Attention: Corporate Secretary, 6155 El Camino Real,
Carlsbad, California 92009, with a copy to Viasat, Inc., Attention: General Counsel at the same address. Stockholder Proposals for Presentation at the 2021 Annual Meeting. If a stockholder wishes to present a proposal at our 2021 annual meeting of stockholders without including
the proposal in our proxy statement relating to that meeting, our bylaws provide that the stockholder must (1) provide timely notice of the proposal in writing and in proper form, (2) provide any updates or supplements to such notice as
required by our bylaws, and (3) otherwise comply with all applicable requirements of our bylaws and of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. To be timely, such stockholder’s notice must be received by Viasat no earlier than the 120 th day nor later than the 90 th day prior to the anniversary of our 2020 annual meeting. As a result, proposals submitted pursuant to these
provisions of our bylaws must be received no earlier than the close of business on May 6, 2021 and no later than the close of business on June 5, 2021. However, if the date of the 2021 annual meeting is advanced by more than 30 days or
delayed by more than 60 days from the anniversary of the 2020 annual meeting, notice by the stockholder must be received no later than the later of (1) the 90 th day prior to the 2021 annual
meeting or (2) the 10 th day following the day on which public disclosure of the date of the 2021 annual meeting was first made. Such proposals must be delivered to Viasat, Inc., Attention:
Corporate Secretary, 6155 El Camino Real, Carlsbad, California 92009, with a copy to Viasat, Inc., Attention: General Counsel at the same address. If the stockholder fails to give timely notice, the proxy card will confer discretionary authority on
the individuals named as proxies to vote the shares represented by the proxies in accordance with their best judgment. 2020 Proxy Statement 55 Table of Contents APPENDIX A 1996 EQUITY PARTICIPATION PLAN OF VIASAT, INC. (AS AMENDED AND RESTATED EFFECTIVE SEPTEMBER 3, 2020) Viasat, Inc., a Delaware corporation, adopted The
1996 Equity Participation Plan of Viasat, Inc. (the “Plan”), originally effective October 24, 1996, for the benefit of its eligible employees, consultants and directors. The Plan consists of two plans, one for the benefit of key
Employees (as such term is defined below) and consultants and one for the benefit of Independent Directors (as such term is defined below). The following is an amendment and restatement of the Plan effective as of September 3, 2020 (the
“Restatement Effective Date”), which is the date on which this amendment and restatement of the Plan was approved by the stockholders of the Company. The purposes of this Plan are as follows: (1) To provide an additional incentive for directors, key Employees and consultants to further the growth, development and financial success of Viasat, Inc. (the “Company”) by personally benefiting through the ownership of
Company stock and/or rights which recognize such growth, development and financial success. (2) To enable the Company to obtain and
retain the services of directors, key Employees and consultants considered essential to the long range success of the Company by offering them an opportunity to own stock in the Company and/or rights which will reflect the growth, development and
financial success of the Company. ARTICLE I. DEFINITIONS 1.1 General . Wherever the following terms are used in this Plan they shall have the meanings specified below, unless the context clearly
indicates otherwise. 1.2 Award Limit . “Award Limit” shall mean One Million (1,000,000) shares of Common Stock with
respect to Options or Stock Appreciation Rights granted under the Plan and Three Hundred Thousand (300,000) shares of Common Stock with respect to awards of Restricted Stock, Performance Awards, Dividend Equivalents, Restricted Stock Units, or
Stock Payments granted under the Plan; provided , however , that in connection with an individual’s initial service as an Employee, such limit will be Six Hundred Thousand (600,000) shares of Common Stock with respect to awards
of Restricted Stock, Performance Awards, Dividend Equivalents, Restricted Stock Units or Stock Payments granted under the Plan. The maximum aggregate amount of cash that may be paid to an individual in cash during any fiscal year of the Company with
respect to awards designated to be paid in cash shall be $5,000,000. 1.3 Board . “Board” shall mean the Board of
Directors of the Company. 1.4 Change in Control . “Change in Control” shall mean a change in ownership or control of the
Company effected through either of the following transactions: (a) any person or related group of persons (other than
the Company or a person that directly or indirectly controls, is controlled by, or is under common control with, the Company) directly or indirectly acquires beneficial ownership (within the meaning of Rule 13d-3 under the Exchange Act) of securities possessing more than fifty percent (50%) of the total combined voting power of the Company’s outstanding securities pursuant to a tender or
exchange offer made directly to the Company’s stockholders which the Board does not recommend such stockholders to accept; or (b) there is a change in the composition of the Board over a period of thirty-six (36) consecutive months (or less) such that a majority of the Board members (rounded up to the nearest
whole number) ceases, by reason of one or more proxy contests for the election of Board members, to be comprised of individuals who either (i) have been Board members continuously since the beginning of such period or (ii) have been
elected or nominated for election as Board members during such period by at least a majority of the Board members described in clause (i) who were still in office at the time such election or nomination was approved by the Board. 1.5 Code . “Code” shall mean the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended. 1.6 Committee . “Committee” shall mean the Compensation Committee of the Board, or another committee of the Board, appointed as
provided in Section 9.1. 1.7 Common Stock . “Common Stock” shall mean the common stock of the Company, par value
$0.0001 per share, and any equity security of the Company issued or authorized to be issued in the future, but excluding any preferred stock and any warrants, options or other rights to purchase Common Stock. Debt securities of the Company
convertible into Common Stock shall be deemed equity securities of the Company. 2020 Proxy Statement A-1 Table of Contents APPENDIX A 1.8 Company . “Company” shall mean Viasat, Inc., a Delaware corporation. 1.9 Corporate Transaction . “Corporate Transaction” shall mean any of the following stockholder-approved transactions to
which the Company is a party: (a) a merger or consolidation in which the Company is not the surviving entity, except for
a transaction the principal purpose of which is to change the State in which the Company is incorporated, form a holding company or effect a similar reorganization as to form whereupon this Plan and all Options are assumed by the successor entity; (b) the sale, transfer, exchange or other disposition of all or substantially all of the assets of the Company, in
complete liquidation or dissolution of the Company in a transaction not covered by the exceptions to clause (a) above; or (c) any reverse merger in which the Company is the surviving entity but in which securities possessing more than fifty percent (50%) of the total combined voting power of the Company’s outstanding securities are
transferred or issued to a person or persons different from those who held such securities immediately prior to such merger. 1.10 Director . “Director” shall mean a member of the Board. 1.11 Dividend Equivalent . “Dividend Equivalent”
shall mean a right to receive the equivalent value (in cash or Common Stock) of dividends paid on Common Stock, awarded under Article VII of this Plan. 1.12 Employee . “Employee” shall mean any officer or other employee (as defined in accordance with Section 3401(c) of the Code) of the Company, or of any corporation which is a Subsidiary. 1.13 Equity Restructuring . “Equity Restructuring” shall mean a nonreciprocal transaction between the Company and its stockholders,
such as a stock dividend, stock split, spin-off, rights offering or recapitalization through a large, nonrecurring cash dividend, that affects the number or kind of shares of Common Stock (or other securities
of the Company) or the share price of Common Stock (or other securities) and causes a change in the per share value of the Common Stock underlying outstanding awards. 1.14 Exchange Act . “Exchange Act” shall mean the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 1.15 Fair Market Value . “Fair Market Value” of a share of Common Stock as of a given date shall be (a) the closing price of a
share of Common Stock on the principal exchange on which shares of Common Stock are then trading or quoted, if any (or as reported on any composite index which includes such principal exchange), on such date, or if shares were not traded on such
date, then on the last preceding date on which a trade occurs; or (b) if Common Stock is not traded on an exchange but is quoted on an automated quotation system, the closing price of a share of Common Stock on such date as reported by such
quotation system, or if there is no closing price for a share of Common Stock on such date, then the closing sales price for a share of Common Stock on the last preceding date for which such a quotation exists; or (c) if Common Stock is not
publicly traded on an exchange and not quoted on an automated quotation system, the Fair Market Value of a share of Common Stock as established by the Committee (or the Board, in the case of awards granted to Independent Directors) acting in good
faith. 1.16 Full Value Award . “Full Value Award” shall mean any award other than an Option or a Stock Appreciation
Right with a per share purchase price lower than one hundred percent (100%) of Fair Market Value on the date of grant and that is settled by the issuance of shares of Common Stock. 1.17 Grantee . “Grantee” shall mean an Employee, Director or consultant granted a Performance Award, Dividend Equivalent, Stock
Payment or Stock Appreciation Right, or an award of Restricted Stock Units, under this Plan. 1.18 Incentive Stock Option .
“Incentive Stock Option” shall mean an option which conforms to the applicable provisions of Section 422 of the Code and which is designated as an Incentive Stock Option by the Committee. 1.19 Independent Director . “Independent Director” shall mean a member of the Board who is not an Employee of the Company. 1.20 Non-Qualified Stock Option . “Non-Qualified Stock Option” shall mean an Option which is not designated as an Incentive Stock Option by the Committee. 1.21 Option . “Option” shall mean a stock option granted under Article III of this Plan. An Option granted under this Plan
shall, as determined by the Committee, be either a Non-Qualified Stock Option or an Incentive Stock Option; provided , however , that Options granted to Independent Directors and consultants shall
be Non-Qualified Stock Options. 1.22 Optionee . “Optionee” shall mean an
Employee, Director or consultant granted an Option under this Plan. 1.23 Performance Award . “Performance Award” shall
mean a cash bonus, stock bonus or other performance or incentive award that is paid in cash, Common Stock or a combination of both, awarded under Article VII of this Plan. 1.24 “ Permanent Disability ” means that an individual is unable to perform his or her duties by reason of any medically determined
physical or mental impairment which can be expected to result in death or which has lasted or is expected to last for a continuous period of at least 12 months, as reasonably determined by the Committee, in its discretion. A-2 Table of Contents APPENDIX A 1.25 Plan . “Plan” shall mean The 1996 Equity Participation Plan of Viasat, Inc.,
as amended and restated. 1.26 QDRO . “QDRO” shall mean a qualified domestic relations order as defined by the Code or
Title I of the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended, or the rules thereunder. 1.27 Restricted Stock .
“Restricted Stock” shall mean Common Stock awarded under Article VI of this Plan. 1.28 Restricted Stock Unit .
“Restricted Stock Unit” shall mean a right to receive Common Stock awarded under Article VII of this Plan. 1.29 Restricted Stockholder . “Restricted Stockholder” shall mean an Employee, Director or consultant granted an award of Restricted Stock under Article VI of this Plan. 1.30 Rule 16b-3 . “Rule 16b-3” shall mean that certain Rule 16b-3 under the Exchange Act, as such Rule may be amended from time to time. 1.31 Stock Appreciation Right . “Stock Appreciation Right” shall mean a stock appreciation right granted under Article VIII of
this Plan. 1.32 Stock Payment . “Stock Payment” shall mean (a) a payment in the form of shares of Common Stock, or
(b) an option or other right to purchase shares of Common Stock, as part of a deferred compensation arrangement, made in lieu of all or any portion of the compensation, including without limitation, salary, bonuses and commissions, that would
otherwise become payable to a key Employee, Director or consultant in cash, awarded under Article VII of this Plan. 1.33 Subsidiary . “Subsidiary” shall mean any corporation in an unbroken chain of corporations beginning with the Company if each of the corporations other than the last corporation in the unbroken chain then owns stock possessing
fifty percent (50%) or more of the total combined voting power of all classes of stock in one of the other corporations in such chain. 1.34 Termination of Consultancy . “Termination of Consultancy” shall mean the time when the engagement of an Optionee, Grantee or Restricted Stockholder as a consultant to the Company or a Subsidiary is terminated
for any reason, with or without cause, including, but not by way of limitation, by resignation, discharge, death or retirement; but excluding terminations where there is a simultaneous commencement of employment with the Company or any Subsidiary.
The Committee, in its absolute discretion, shall determine the effect of all matters and questions relating to Termination of Consultancy, including, but not by way of limitation, the question of whether a Termination of Consultancy resulted from a
discharge for good cause, and all questions of whether particular leaves of absence constitute Terminations of Consultancy. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Plan, the Company or any Subsidiary has an absolute and unrestricted right to
terminate a consultant’s service at any time for any reason whatsoever, with or without cause, except to the extent expressly provided otherwise in writing. 1.35 Termination of Directorship . “Termination of Directorship” shall mean the time when an Optionee or Grantee who is an
Independent Director ceases to be a Director for any reason, including, but not by way of limitation, a termination by resignation, failure to be elected, death or retirement. The Board, in its sole and absolute discretion, shall determine the
effect of all matters and questions relating to Termination of Directorship with respect to Independent Directors. 1.36 Termination
of Employment . “Termination of Employment” shall mean the time when the employee-employer relationship between an Optionee, Grantee or Restricted Stockholder and the Company or any Subsidiary is terminated for any reason, with or
without cause, including, but not by way of limitation, a termination by resignation, discharge, death, disability or retirement; but excluding (i) terminations where there is a simultaneous reemployment or continuing employment of an Optionee,
Grantee or Restricted Stockholder by the Company or any Subsidiary, (ii) at the discretion of the Committee, terminations which result in a temporary severance of the employee-employer relationship, and (iii) terminations which are
followed by the simultaneous establishment of a consulting relationship by the Company or a Subsidiary with the former employee. The Committee, in its absolute discretion, shall determine the effect of all matters and questions relating to
Termination of Employment, including, but not by way of limitation, the question of whether a Termination of Employment resulted from a discharge for good cause, and all questions of whether particular leaves of absence constitute Terminations of
Employment. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Plan, the Company or any Subsidiary has an absolute and unrestricted right to terminate an Employee’s employment at any time for any reason whatsoever, with or without cause, except to the
extent expressly provided otherwise in writing. ARTICLE II. SHARES SUBJECT TO PLAN 2.1 Shares Subject to Plan . (a) The shares of stock subject to Options, awards of Restricted Stock, Performance Awards, Dividend Equivalents, awards of Restricted Stock Units, Stock Payments or Stock Appreciation Rights shall be Common Stock, initially shares
of the Company’s Common Stock, par value $0.0001 per share. The aggregate number of such shares which may be issued upon exercise of such options or rights or upon any such awards under the Plan shall not exceed 38,025,000. The shares of
Common Stock issuable upon exercise of such options or rights or upon any such awards may be either previously authorized but unissued shares or treasury shares. 2020 Proxy Statement A-3 Table of Contents APPENDIX A (b) Any shares subject to Options or Stock Appreciation Rights shall be counted
against the numerical limit of Section 2.1(a) as one share for every share subject thereto. Any shares subject to Full Value Awards will be counted against the numerical limit of Section 2.1(a) as 2 shares for every one share subject
thereto. To the extent that a share that was subject to a Full Value Award is recycled back into the Plan under Section 2.2, the Plan will be credited with a number of shares corresponding to the reduction in the share reserve previously made
with respect to such Full Value Award in accordance with this Section 2.1(b). (c) The maximum number of shares
which may be subject to awards granted under the Plan to any individual in any fiscal year, and the maximum aggregate amount of cash that may be paid in cash during any fiscal year with respect to awards designated to be paid in cash, shall not
exceed the applicable Award Limit. 2.2 Add-Back of Shares . If any award under this Plan
expires or is canceled without having been fully exercised or paid, or an award is settled in cash without the delivery of shares of Common Stock to the award holder, the number of shares subject to such award shall, to the extent of such
expiration, cancellation or cash settlement, again be available for future grants of awards and added back to the shares of Common Stock authorized for grant under Section 2.1(a) in an amount corresponding to the reduction in the share reserve
previously made in accordance with Section 2.1(b) above with respect to such award, subject to the limitations of Section 2.1. Furthermore, any shares subject to awards which are adjusted pursuant to Section 10.3 and become
exercisable with respect to shares of stock of another corporation shall be considered canceled and may again be optioned, granted or awarded hereunder, subject to the limitations of Section 2.1. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary
contained herein, the following shares shall not be added back to the shares of Common Stock authorized for grant under Section 2.1(a) and will not be available for future grants of awards: (i) shares of Common Stock tendered by an
Optionee or withheld by the Company in payment of the exercise price of an Option; (ii) shares of Common Stock tendered by an Optionee or Grantee or withheld by the Company to satisfy any tax withholding obligation with respect to an Option or
a Stock Appreciation Right; (iii) shares of Common Stock subject to a Stock Appreciation Right not issued in connection with the stock settlement of the Stock Appreciation Right on exercise thereof; and (iv) shares of Common Stock
purchased on the open market with the cash proceeds from the exercise of Options. Shares tendered by a Grantee or a Restricted Stockholder or withheld by the Company to satisfy any tax withholding obligation with respect to a Full Value Award shall
be available for future grants of awards under the Plan in an amount corresponding to the reduction in the share reserve previously made in accordance with Section 2.1(b) above; provided, however, that, notwithstanding the foregoing, in the
event shares of Common Stock subject to a Full Value Award are tendered by a Grantee or a Restricted Stockholder or withheld by the Company to satisfy any tax withholding obligation at a tax withholding rate in excess of the employer’s minimum
statutory withholding rates for federal, state, local and foreign income tax and payroll tax purposes, such shares of Common Stock tendered or withheld to satisfy the tax withholding at a rate in excess of the employer’s minimum statutory
withholding obligation shall not be available for future grants of awards under the Plan and shall continue to be counted against the share reserve in an amount corresponding to the reduction in the share reserve previously made in accordance with
Section 2.1(b) above. Any shares of Common Stock forfeited by a Grantee or a Restricted Stockholder or repurchased by the Company under Section 6.6 or Article VII will again be available for awards in an amount corresponding to the
reduction in the share reserve previously made in accordance with Section 2.1(b) above. The payment of Dividend Equivalents in cash in conjunction with any outstanding awards shall not be counted against the shares available for issuance under
the Plan. Notwithstanding the provisions of this Section 2.2, no shares of Common Stock may again be optioned, granted or awarded if such action would cause an Incentive Stock Option to fail to qualify as an incentive stock option under
Section 422 of the Code. ARTICLE III. GRANTING OF OPTIONS 3.1 Eligibility . Any Employee or consultant selected by the Committee pursuant to Section 3.4(a)(i) shall be eligible to be granted an
Option. Each Independent Director of the Company shall be eligible to be granted Options at the times and in the manner set forth in Section 3.4(d). 3.2 Disqualification for Stock Ownership . No person may be granted an Incentive Stock Option under this Plan if such person, at the time the Incentive Stock Option is granted, owns stock possessing more than ten percent
(10%) of the total combined voting power of all classes of stock of the Company or any then-existing Subsidiary or parent corporation (within the meaning of Section 422 of the Code) unless such Incentive Stock Option conforms to the
applicable provisions of Section 422 of the Code. 3.3 Qualification of Incentive Stock Options . No Incentive Stock Option
shall be granted to any person who is not an Employee. 3.4 Granting of Options . (a) The Committee shall from time to time, in its absolute discretion, and subject to applicable limitations of this Plan: (i) Determine which Employees are key Employees and select from among the key Employees or consultants (including
Employees or consultants who have previously received Options or other awards under this Plan) such of them as in its opinion should be granted Options; A-4 Table of Contents APPENDIX A (ii) Subject to the Award Limit, determine the number of shares to be subject to
such Options granted to the selected key Employees or consultants; (iii) Subject to Section 3.3, determine whether
such Options are to be Incentive Stock Options or Non-Qualified Stock Options; and (iv) Determine the terms and conditions of such Options, consistent with this Plan. (b) Upon the
selection of a key Employee or consultant to be granted an Option, the Committee shall instruct the Secretary of the Company to issue the Option and may impose such conditions on the grant of the Option as it deems appropriate. Without limiting the
generality of the preceding sentence, the Committee may, in its discretion and on such terms as it deems appropriate, require as a condition on the grant of an Option to an Employee or consultant that the Employee or consultant surrender for
cancellation some or all of the unexercised Options, awards of Restricted Stock or Restricted Stock Units, Performance Awards, Stock Appreciation Rights, Dividend Equivalents or Stock Payments or other rights which have been previously granted to
him under this Plan or otherwise. An Option, the grant of which is conditioned upon such surrender, may have an option price lower (or higher) than the exercise price of such surrendered Option or other award, may cover the same (or a lesser or
greater) number of shares as such surrendered Option or other award, may contain such other terms as the Committee deems appropriate, and shall be exercisable in accordance with its terms, without regard to the number of shares, price, exercise
period or any other term or condition of such surrendered Option or other award; provided, however , except as permitted under Section 10.3 of the Plan, no Option or Stock Appreciation Right shall, without stockholder approval, be
(i) repriced, exchanged for an Option or Stock Appreciation Right with a lower price or otherwise modified where the effect would be to reduce the exercise price of the Option or Stock Appreciation Right; or (ii) exchanged for cash or an
alternate award under the Plan. (c) Any Incentive Stock Option granted under this Plan may be modified by the Committee
to disqualify such option from treatment as an “incentive stock option” under Section 422 of the Code. (d) During the term of the Plan, each person who is initially elected or appointed to the Board and who is an Independent Director
at the time of such initial election or appointment shall automatically be granted an Option to purchase Nine Thousand (9,000) shares of Common Stock (subject to adjustment as provided in Section 10.3) on the date of such initial election
or appointment, which Option will vest in three equal installments on each of the first three anniversaries of the date of grant, subject to the Independent Director’s continued service as a Director on each such vesting date. In addition,
during the term of the Plan, each Independent Director shall automatically be granted an Option to purchase Five Thousand (5,000) shares of Common Stock (subject to adjustment as provided in Section 10.3) on the date of each annual meeting
of stockholders after his or her initial election or appointment to the Board at which directors are elected to the Board, which Option will vest on the first anniversary of the date of grant, subject to the Independent Director’s continued
service as a Director on such vesting date; provided , however , that a person who is initially elected to the Board at an annual meeting of stockholders and who is an Independent Director at the time of such initial election shall
receive only an initial Option grant on the date of such election pursuant to the preceding sentence and shall not receive an Option grant pursuant to this sentence until the date of the next annual meeting of stockholders following such initial
election. In addition, all Options granted to Independent Directors will vest in full upon the occurrence of a Change in Control or a Corporate Transaction or an Independent Director’s Termination of Directorship by reason of the Independent
Director’s death or Permanent Disability. Members of the Board who are employees of the Company who subsequently retire from the Company and remain on the Board will not receive an initial Option grant pursuant to the first sentence of this
Section 3.4(d), but to the extent that they are otherwise eligible, will receive, after retirement from employment with the Company, Options as described in the second sentence of this Section 3.4(d). ARTICLE IV. TERMS OF OPTIONS 4.1 Option Agreement . Each Option shall be evidenced by a written Stock Option Agreement, which shall be executed by the Optionee and an authorized officer of the Company and which shall contain such terms and conditions as
the Committee (or the Board, in the case of Options granted to Independent Directors) shall determine, consistent with this Plan. Stock Option Agreements evidencing Incentive Stock Options shall contain such terms and conditions as may be necessary
to meet the applicable provisions of Section 422 of the Code. 4.2 Option Price . The price per share of the shares subject to
each Option shall be set by the Committee; provided, however , that such price shall not be less than one hundred percent (100%) of the Fair Market Value of a share of Common Stock on the date the Option is granted and in the case of Incentive
Stock Options granted to an individual then owning (within the meaning of Section 424(d) of the Code) more than ten percent (10%) of the total combined voting power of all classes of stock of the Company or any Subsidiary or parent corporation
thereof (within the meaning of Section 422 of the Code) such price shall not be less than one hundred ten percent (110%) of the Fair Market Value of a share of Common Stock on the date the Option is granted. 2020 Proxy Statement A-5 Table of Contents APPENDIX A 4.3 Option Term . The term of an Option shall be set by the Committee in its discretion; provided, however, that no Option shall have a term longer than six (6) years from the date the Option is granted and in the case of Incentive Stock Options granted to an individual then owning (within the meaning of Section 424(d)
of the Code) more than ten percent (10%) of the total combined voting power of all classes of stock of the Company or any Subsidiary or parent corporation thereof (within the meaning of Section 422 of the Code) the term may not exceed five
(5) years from the date the Option is granted. Except as limited by requirements of Section 422 of the Code and regulations and rulings thereunder applicable to Incentive Stock Options, the Committee may extend the term of any outstanding
Option in connection with any Termination of Employment or Termination of Consultancy of the Optionee, or amend any other term or condition of such Option relating to such a termination. 4.4 Option Vesting . (a) The period during which the right to exercise an Option in whole or in part vests in the Optionee shall be set by the Committee and the Committee may determine that an Option may not be exercised in whole or in part for a
specified period after it is granted. At any time after grant of an Option, the Committee may, in its sole and absolute discretion and subject to whatever terms and conditions it selects, accelerate the period during which an Option (except an
Option granted to an Independent Director) vests. (b) No portion of an Option which is unexercisable at Termination of
Employment, Termination of Directorship or Termination of Consultancy, as applicable, shall thereafter become exercisable, except as may be otherwise provided by the Committee (or the Board, in the case of Options granted to Independent Directors)
in the case of Options granted to Employees or consultants either in the Stock Option Agreement or by action of the Committee (or the Board, in the case of Options granted to Independent Directors) following the grant of the Option. (c) To the extent that the aggregate Fair Market Value of stock with respect to which “incentive stock options” (within
the meaning of Section 422 of the Code, but without regard to Section 422(d) of the Code) are exercisable for the first time by an Optionee during any calendar year (under the Plan and all other incentive stock option plans of the Company
and any Subsidiary) exceeds $100,000, such Options shall be treated as Non-Qualified Options to the extent required by Section 422 of the Code. The rule set forth in the preceding sentence shall be
applied by taking Options into account in the order in which they were granted. For purposes of this Section 4.4(c), the Fair Market Value of stock shall be determined as of the time the Option with respect to such stock is granted. 4.5 Consideration . In consideration of the granting of an Option, the Committee (or the Board, in the case of Options granted to Independent
Directors) may require the Optionee to agree, in the written Stock Option Agreement, to remain in the employ of (or to consult for or to serve as an Independent Director of, as applicable) the Company or any Subsidiary for a period of at least one
year (or such shorter period as may be fixed in the Stock Option Agreement or by action of the Committee following grant of the Option) after the Option is granted (or, in the case of an Independent Director, until the next annual meeting of
stockholders of the Company). Nothing in this Plan or in any Stock Option Agreement hereunder shall confer upon any Optionee any right to continue in the employ of, or as a consultant for, the Company or any Subsidiary, or as a director of the
Company, or shall interfere with or restrict in any way the rights of the Company and any Subsidiary, which are hereby expressly reserved, to discharge any Optionee at any time for any reason whatsoever, with or without good cause. ARTICLE V. EXERCISE OF OPTIONS 5.1 Partial Exercise . An exercisable Option may be exercised in whole or in part. However, an Option shall not be exercisable with respect to fractional shares and the Committee (or the Board, in the case of Options granted
to Independent Directors) may require that, by the terms of the Option, a partial exercise be with respect to a minimum number of shares. 5.2 Manner of Exercise . All or a portion of an exercisable Option shall be deemed exercised upon delivery of all of the following to
the Secretary of the Company or his office: (a) A written notice complying with the applicable rules established by the
Committee (or the Board, in the case of Options granted to Independent Directors) stating that the Option, or a portion thereof, is exercised. The notice shall be signed by the Optionee or other person then entitled to exercise the Option or such
portion; (b) Such representations and documents as the Committee (or the Board, in the case of Options granted to
Independent Directors), in its absolute discretion, deems necessary or advisable to effect compliance with all applicable provisions of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and any other federal or state securities laws or regulations. The
Committee or Board may, in its absolute discretion, also take whatever additional actions it deems appropriate to effect such compliance including, without limitation, placing legends on share certificates and book entries and issuing stop-transfer
notices to agents and registrars; (c) In the event that the Option shall be exercised pursuant to Section 10.1 by
any person or persons other than the Optionee, appropriate proof of the right of such person or persons to exercise the Option; and A-6 Table of Contents APPENDIX A (d) Full cash payment to the Secretary of the Company for the shares with respect
to which the Option, or portion thereof, is exercised. However, the Committee (or the Board, in the case of Options granted to Independent Directors), may in its discretion, (i) allow a delay in payment up to thirty (30) days from the date
the Option, or portion thereof, is exercised; (ii) allow payment, in whole or in part, through the delivery of shares of Common Stock owned by the Optionee, duly endorsed for transfer to the Company with a Fair Market Value on the date of
delivery equal to the aggregate exercise price of the Option or exercised portion thereof; (iii) allow payment, in whole or in part, through the surrender of shares of Common Stock then issuable upon exercise of the Option having a Fair Market
Value on the date of Option exercise equal to the aggregate exercise price of the Option or exercised portion thereof; (iv) allow payment, in whole or in part, through the delivery of property of any kind which constitutes good and valuable
consideration; (v) allow payment, in whole or in part, through the delivery of a full recourse promissory note bearing interest (at no less than such rate as shall then preclude the imputation of interest under the Code) and payable upon such
terms as may be prescribed by the Committee or the Board; (vi) allow payment, in whole or in part, through the delivery of a notice that the Optionee has placed a market sell order with a broker with respect to shares of Common Stock then
issuable upon exercise of the Option, and that the broker has been directed to pay a sufficient portion of the net proceeds of the sale to the Company in satisfaction of the Option exercise price; or (vii) allow payment through any combination
of the consideration provided in the foregoing subparagraphs (ii), (iii), (iv), (v) and (vi). In the case of a promissory note, the Committee (or the Board, in the case of Options granted to Independent Directors) may also prescribe the
form of such note and the security to be given for such note. The Option may not be exercised, however, by delivery of a promissory note or by a loan or other extension of credit from the Company when or where such loan or other extension of credit
is prohibited by law. 5.3 Conditions to Issuance of Shares . The Company shall not be required to issue or deliver any
certificate or certificates, or make any book entries, for shares of stock purchased upon the exercise of any Option or portion thereof prior to fulfillment of all of the following conditions: (a) The admission of such shares to listing on all stock exchanges on which such class of stock is then listed; (b) The completion of any registration or other qualification of such shares under any state or federal law, or under the rulings or
regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission or any other governmental regulatory body which the Committee or Board shall, in its absolute discretion, deem necessary or advisable; (c) The obtaining of any approval or other clearance from any state or federal governmental agency which the Committee (or Board, in
the case of Options granted to Independent Directors) shall, in its absolute discretion, determine to be necessary or advisable; (d) The lapse of such reasonable period of time following the exercise of the Option as the Committee (or Board, in the case of Options granted to Independent Directors) may establish from time to time for reasons of administrative
convenience; and (e) The receipt by the Company of full payment for such shares, including payment of any
applicable withholding tax. Notwithstanding any other provision of the Plan, unless otherwise determined by the Committee (or the Board,
in the case of Options granted to Independent Directors) or required by any applicable law, rule or regulation, the Company shall not deliver to any Optionee certificates evidencing shares of Common Stock issued in connection with any Option and
instead such shares of Common Stock shall be recorded in the books of the Company (or, as applicable, its transfer agent or stock plan administrator). 5.4 Rights as Stockholders . The holders of Options shall not be, nor have any of the rights or privileges of, stockholders of the Company in respect of any shares purchasable upon the exercise of any part of an Option unless
and until certificates representing such shares have been issued by the Company to such holders or book entries evidencing such shares have been made by the Company. 5.5 Ownership and Transfer Restrictions . The Committee (or Board, in the case of Options granted to Independent Directors), in its absolute
discretion, may impose such restrictions on the ownership and transferability of the shares purchasable upon the exercise of an Option as it deems appropriate. Any such restriction shall be set forth in the respective Stock Option Agreement and may
be referred to on the certificates or book entries evidencing such shares. The Committee may require an Employee to give the Company prompt notice of any disposition of shares of Common Stock acquired by exercise of an Incentive Stock Option within
(i) two years from the date of granting such Option to such Employee or (ii) one year after the transfer of such shares to such Employee. The Committee may direct that the certificates or book entries evidencing shares acquired by exercise
of an Option refer to such requirement to give prompt notice of disposition. 5.6 Limitations on Exercise of Options Granted to
Independent Directors . No Option granted to an Independent Director may be exercised to any extent by anyone after the first to occur of the following events: (a) The expiration of twelve (12) months from the date of the Optionee’s death; 2020 Proxy Statement A-7 Table of Contents APPENDIX A (b) The expiration of twelve (12) months from the date of the Optionee’s
Termination of Directorship, Termination of Consultancy or Termination of Employment by reason of his permanent and total disability (within the meaning of Section 22(e)(3) of the Code); (c) The expiration of three (3) months from the last to occur of the Optionee’s Termination of Directorship, Termination
of Consultancy or Termination of Employment, unless the Optionee dies within said three-month period; or (d) The
expiration of six (6) years from the date the Option was granted. ARTICLE VI. AWARD OF RESTRICTED STOCK 6.1 Award of Restricted Stock . (a) The Committee (or the Board, in the case of Restricted Stock awarded to Independent Directors) may from time to time, in its absolute discretion: (i) Select from among the key Employees, consultants or Independent Directors (including Employees, consultants or Independent
Directors who have previously received other awards under this Plan) such of them as in its opinion should be awarded Restricted Stock; and (ii) Determine the purchase price, if any, and other terms and conditions applicable to such Restricted Stock, consistent with this
Plan. (b) The Committee (or the Board, in the case of Restricted Stock awarded to Independent Directors) shall establish
the purchase price, if any, and form of payment for Restricted Stock; provided, however , that such purchase price shall be no less than the par value of the Common Stock to be purchased, unless otherwise permitted by applicable state law. In
all cases, legal consideration shall be required for each issuance of Restricted Stock. (c) Upon the selection of a key
Employee, consultant or Independent Director to be awarded Restricted Stock, the Committee (or the Board, in the case of Restricted Stock awarded to Independent Directors) shall instruct the Secretary of the Company to issue such Restricted Stock
and may impose such conditions on the issuance of such Restricted Stock as it deems appropriate. 6.2 Restricted Stock Agreement .
Restricted Stock shall be issued only pursuant to a written Restricted Stock Agreement, which shall be executed by the selected key Employee, consultant or Independent Director and an authorized officer of the Company and which shall contain such
terms and conditions as the Committee (or the Board, in the case of Restricted Stock granted to an Independent Director) shall determine, consistent with this Plan. The issuance of any shares of Restricted Stock shall be made subject to satisfaction
of all provisions of Section 5.3. 6.3 Consideration . As consideration for the issuance of Restricted Stock, in addition to
payment of any purchase price, the Restricted Stockholder shall agree, in the written Restricted Stock Agreement, to remain in the employ of, to consult for, or to remain as an Independent Director of, as applicable, the Company or any Subsidiary
for a period of at least one year after the Restricted Stock is issued (or such shorter period as may be fixed in the Restricted Stock Agreement or by action of the Committee (or the Board, in the case of Restricted Stock granted to an Independent
Director) following grant of the Restricted Stock or, in the case of an Independent Director, until the next annual meeting of stockholders of the Company). Nothing in this Plan or in any Restricted Stock Agreement hereunder shall confer on any
Restricted Stockholder any right to continue in the employ of, as a consultant for or as an Independent Director of the Company or any Subsidiary or shall interfere with or restrict in any way the rights of the Company and any Subsidiary, which are
hereby expressly reserved, to discharge any Restricted Stockholder at any time for any reason whatsoever, with or without good cause. 6.4 Rights as Stockholders . Upon delivery of the shares of Restricted Stock to the escrow holder pursuant to Section 6.7, the Restricted
Stockholder shall have, unless otherwise provided by the Committee (or the Board, in the case of Restricted Stock granted to an Independent Director), all the rights of a stockholder with respect to said shares, subject to the restrictions in his
Restricted Stock Agreement, including, subject to Section 10.14 and the last sentence of this Section 6.4 below, the right to receive all dividends and other distributions paid or made with respect to the shares; provided, however ,
that in the discretion of the Committee (or the Board, in the case of Restricted Stock granted to an Independent Director), any extraordinary distributions with respect to the Common Stock shall be subject to the restrictions set forth in
Section 6.5. Notwithstanding the foregoing, with respect to Restricted Stock that is subject to vesting, dividends which are paid prior to vesting shall only be paid out to the Restricted Stockholder to the extent that the vesting conditions
are subsequently satisfied and the share of Restricted Stock vests. 6.5 Restriction . All shares of Restricted Stock issued under
this Plan (including any shares received by holders thereof with respect to shares of Restricted Stock as a result of stock dividends, stock splits or any other form of recapitalization) shall, in the terms of each individual Restricted Stock
Agreement, be subject to such restrictions as the Committee (or the Board, in the case of Restricted Stock granted to an Independent Director) shall provide, which restrictions may include, without limitation, A-8 Table of Contents APPENDIX A restrictions concerning voting rights and transferability and vesting restrictions based on duration of employment with the Company, Company performance and individual performance; provided,
further , that by action taken after the Restricted Stock is issued, the Committee (or the Board, in the case of Restricted Stock granted to an Independent Director) may, on such terms and conditions as it may determine to be appropriate, remove
any or all of the restrictions imposed by the terms of the Restricted Stock Agreement. Notwithstanding the foregoing, except as permitted under Section 10.3 of the Plan but subject to Section 10.13, shares of Restricted Stock will vest no
more rapidly than ratably over a three (3) year period from the date of grant, unless the Committee (or the Board, in the case of Restricted Stock granted to an Independent Director) determines that the Restricted Stock award is to vest upon
the achievement of one or more performance goals, in which case the period for measuring performance will be at least twelve (12) months. Restricted Stock may not be sold or encumbered until all restrictions are terminated or expire. 6.6 Repurchase or Forfeiture of Restricted Stock . The Committee (or the Board, in the case of Restricted Stock granted to an
Independent Director) shall provide in the terms of each individual Restricted Stock Agreement that the Company shall have the right to repurchase from the Restricted Stockholder the Restricted Stock then subject to restrictions under the Restricted
Stock Agreement immediately upon a Termination of Employment, Termination of Consultancy or Termination of Directorship between the Restricted Stockholder and the Company, at a cash price per share equal to the price paid by the Restricted
Stockholder for such Restricted Stock; provided, however , that provision may be made that no such right of repurchase shall exist in the event of a Termination of Employment, Termination of Consultancy or Termination of Directorship without
cause, or following a change in control of the Company or because of the Restricted Stockholder’s retirement, death or disability, or otherwise. Unless provided otherwise by the Committee (or the Board, in the case of Restricted Stock granted
to an Independent Director), if no cash consideration was paid by the Restricted Stockholder upon issuance, a Restricted Stockholder’s rights in unvested Restricted Stock shall lapse upon the last to occur of Termination of Employment,
Termination of Consultancy or Termination of Directorship with the Company. 6.7 Escrow . The Secretary of the Company or such
other escrow holder as the Committee (or the Board, in the case of Restricted Stock granted to an Independent Director) may appoint shall retain physical custody of each certificate representing Restricted Stock until all of the restrictions imposed
under the Restricted Stock Agreement with respect to the shares evidenced by such certificate expire or shall have been removed. 6.8 Legend . In order to enforce the restrictions imposed upon shares of Restricted Stock hereunder, the Committee (or the Board, in the case of Restricted Stock granted to an Independent Director) shall cause a legend or legends to be placed on
certificates or book entries representing all shares of Restricted Stock that are still subject to restrictions under Restricted Stock Agreements, which legend or legends shall make appropriate reference to the conditions imposed thereby. ARTICLE VII. PERFORMANCE AWARDS, DIVIDEND EQUIVALENTS, RESTRICTED STOCK UNITS, STOCK PAYMENTS 7.1 Performance Awards . Any key Employee, consultant or Independent Director selected by the Committee (or the Board, in the case of an award
to an Independent Director) may be granted one or more Performance Awards. The Committee shall select the performance criteria (and any permissible adjustments) for each Performance Award for purposes of establishing the performance goal or
performance goals applicable to such Performance Award for the designated performance period. The performance criteria that may be used to establish such performance goals may include, but are not limited to, the following: (a) net earnings
(either before or after one or more of the following: (i) interest, (ii) taxes, (iii) depreciation and (iv) amortization), (b) gross or net sales or revenue, (c) net income (either before or after taxes),
(d) operating earnings or profit, (e) cash flow (including, but not limited to, operating cash flow and free cash flow), (f) return on assets, (g) return on capital, (h) return on stockholders’ equity, (i) return
on sales, (j) gross or net profit or operating margin, (k) costs, (l) funds from operations, (m) expenses, (n) working capital, (o) earnings per share, or (p) price per share of the Common Stock, any of which may
be measured either in absolute terms or as compared to any incremental increase or decrease or as compared to results of a peer group or to market performance indicators. The performance goals for a performance period may be established in writing
by the Committee (or the Board, in the case of an award to an Independent Director) based on one or more of the foregoing performance criteria, which goals may be expressed in terms of overall Company performance or the performance of a division,
business unit or an individual. In making such determinations, the Committee (or the Board, in the case of an award to an Independent Director) may consider (among such other factors as it deems relevant in light of the specific type of award) the
contributions, responsibilities and other compensation of the particular key Employee, consultant or Independent Director. 7.2 Dividend Equivalents . Any key Employee, consultant or Independent Director selected by the Committee (or the Board, in the case of an award to an Independent Director) may be granted Dividend Equivalents based on the dividends declared on
Common Stock, to be credited as of dividend payment dates, during the period between the date an Option, Stock Appreciation Right, Restricted Stock Unit or Performance Award is granted, and the date such Option, Stock Appreciation Right, Restricted
Stock Unit or Performance Award is exercised, vests or expires, as determined by the Committee (or the Board, in the case of an award to an Independent Director). Subject to Section 10.14, such Dividend Equivalents shall be 2020 Proxy Statement A-9 Table of Contents APPENDIX A converted to cash or additional shares of Common Stock by such formula and at such time and subject to such limitations as may be determined by the Committee (or the Board, in the case of an
award to an Independent Director). Notwithstanding the foregoing, no Dividend Equivalents shall be payable with respect to Options or Stock Appreciation Rights. 7.3 Stock Payments . Any key Employee, consultant or Independent Director selected by the Committee (or the Board, in the case of an award to
an Independent Director) may receive Stock Payments in the manner determined from time to time by the Committee. The number of shares shall be determined by the Committee (or the Board, in the case of an award to an Independent Director) and may be
based upon the Fair Market Value, book value, net profits or other measure of the value of Common Stock or other specific performance criteria determined appropriate by the Committee (or the Board, in the case of an award to an Independent
Director), determined on the date such Stock Payment is made or on any date thereafter. 7.4 Restricted Stock Units . (a) Any key Employee, consultant or Independent Director selected by the Committee (or the Board, in the case of an award to an
Independent Director) may be granted an award of Restricted Stock Units in the manner determined from time to time by the Committee. The number of shares subject to a Restricted Stock Unit award shall be determined by the Committee (or the Board, in
the case of an award to an Independent Director). Common Stock underlying a Restricted Stock Unit award will not be issued until the Restricted Stock Unit award has vested. Unless otherwise provided by the Committee (or the Board, in the case of an
award to an Independent Director), a Grantee of Restricted Stock Units shall have no rights as a Company stockholder with respect to the shares of Common Stock underlying such Restricted Stock Units until such time as the award has vested and such
Common Stock underlying the award has been issued. (b) During the term of the Plan thereafter, each person who is
initially elected or appointed to the Board and who is an Independent Director at the time of such initial election or appointment shall automatically be granted an award of Three Thousand (3,000) Restricted Stock Units (subject to adjustment
as provided in Section 10.3) on the date of such initial election or appointment, which Restricted Stock Unit award will vest in three equal installments on each of the first three anniversaries of the date of grant, subject to the Independent
Director’s continued service as a Director on each such vesting date. In addition, during the term of the Plan thereafter, each Independent Director shall automatically be granted an award of One Thousand Six Hundred (1,600) Restricted
Stock Units (subject to adjustment as provided in Section 10.3) on the date of each annual meeting of stockholders after his or her initial election or appointment to the Board at which directors are elected to the Board, which Restricted Stock
Unit award will vest on the first anniversary of the date of grant, subject to the Independent Director’s continued service as a Director on such vesting date; provided , however , that a person who is initially elected to the Board
at an annual meeting of stockholders and who is an Independent Director at the time of such initial election shall receive only an initial Restricted Stock Unit award on the date of such election pursuant to the preceding sentence and shall not
receive a Restricted Stock Unit award pursuant to this sentence until the date of the next annual meeting of stockholders following such initial election. In addition, all Restricted Stock Unit awards granted to Independent Directors will vest in
full upon the occurrence of a Change in Control or a Corporate Transaction or an Independent Director’s Termination of Directorship by reason of the Independent Director’s death or Permanent Disability. Members of the Board who are
employees of the Company who subsequently retire from the Company and remain on the Board will not receive an initial Restricted Stock Unit award pursuant to the first sentence of this Section 7.4(b), but to the extent that they are otherwise
eligible, will receive, after retirement from employment with the Company, Restricted Stock Unit awards as described in the second sentence of this Section 7.4(b). 7.5 Performance Award Agreement, Dividend Equivalent Agreement, Restricted Stock Unit Agreement, Stock Payment Agreement . Each Performance
Award, Dividend Equivalent, award of Restricted Stock Units and/or Stock Payment shall be evidenced by a written agreement, which shall be executed by the Grantee and an authorized Officer of the Company and which shall contain such terms and
conditions as the Committee (or the Board, in the case of an award to an Independent Director) shall determine, consistent with this Plan. 7.6 Term . The term of a Performance Award, Dividend Equivalent, award of Restricted Stock Unit and/or Stock Payment shall be set by the Committee (or the Board, in the case of an award to an Independent Director) in its
discretion. 7.7 Exercise Upon Termination of Employment . A Performance Award, Dividend Equivalent, award of Restricted Stock Unit
and/or Stock Payment is exercisable or payable only while the Grantee is an Employee, consultant or Independent Director; provided that the Committee may (or the Board, in the case of an award to an Independent Director) determine that the
Performance Award, Dividend Equivalent, award of Restricted Stock Unit and/or Stock Payment may be exercised or paid subsequent to Termination of Employment, Termination of Consultancy or Termination of Directorship without cause, or following a
change in control of the Company, or because of the Grantee’s retirement, death or disability, or otherwise. 7.8 Payment on
Exercise . Payment of the amount determined under Section 7.1 or 7.2 above shall be in cash, in Common Stock or a combination of both, as determined by the Committee (or the Board, in the case of an award to an Independent Director). To the
extent any payment under this Article VII is effected in Common Stock, it shall be made subject to satisfaction of all provisions of Section 5.3. A-10 Table of Contents APPENDIX A 7.9 Consideration . As consideration for the issuance of a Performance Award, Dividend
Equivalent, award of Restricted Stock Unit and/or Stock Payment, the Grantee shall agree, in a written agreement, to remain in the employ of, to consult for, or to remain as an Independent Director of, as applicable, the Company or any Subsidiary
for a period of at least one year after such Performance Award, Dividend Equivalent, award of Restricted Stock Unit and/or Stock Payment is granted (or such shorter period as may be fixed in such agreement or by action of the Committee (or the
Board, in the case of an award to an Independent Director) following such grant or, in the case of an Independent Director, until the next annual meeting of stockholders of the Company). Nothing in this Plan or in any agreement hereunder shall
confer on any Grantee any right to continue in the employ of, as a consultant for or as an Independent Director of the Company or any Subsidiary or shall interfere with or restrict in any way the rights of the Company and any Subsidiary, which are
hereby expressly reserved, to discharge any Grantee at any time for any reason whatsoever, with or without good cause. ARTICLE
VIII. STOCK APPRECIATION RIGHTS 8.1 Grant of Stock Appreciation Rights . A Stock Appreciation Right may be granted to any key
Employee, consultant or Independent Director selected by the Committee (or the Board, in the case of an award to an Independent Director). A Stock Appreciation Right may be granted (i) in connection and simultaneously with the grant of an
Option, (ii) with respect to a previously granted Option, or (iii) independent of an Option. A Stock Appreciation Right shall be subject to such terms and conditions not inconsistent with this Plan as the Committee (or the Board, in the
case of an award to an Independent Director) shall impose and shall be evidenced by a written Stock Appreciation Right Agreement, which shall be executed by the Grantee and an authorized officer of the Company; provided , however , that
no Stock Appreciation Right shall have a term longer than six (6) years from the date the Stock Appreciation Right is granted. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Committee may, in its discretion and on such terms as it deems
appropriate, require as a condition of the grant of a Stock Appreciation Right to an Employee, consultant or Independent Director that the Employee, consultant or Independent Director surrender for cancellation some or all of the unexercised
Options, awards of Restricted Stock or Restricted Stock Units, Performance Awards, Stock Appreciation Rights, Dividend Equivalents or Stock Payments, or other rights which have been previously granted to him under this Plan or otherwise. Subject to
Section 3.4(b), a Stock Appreciation Right, the grant of which is conditioned upon such surrender, may have an exercise price lower (or higher) than the exercise price of the surrendered Option or other award, may cover the same (or a lesser or
greater) number of shares as such surrendered Option or other award, may contain such other terms as the Committee deems appropriate, and shall be exercisable in accordance with its terms, without regard to the number of shares, price, exercise
period or any other term or condition of such surrendered Option or other award; provided, however , except as permitted under Section 10.3 of the Plan, no Stock Appreciation Right shall, without stockholder approval, be
(i) repriced, exchanged for an Option or Stock Appreciation Right with a lower price or otherwise modified where the effect would be to reduce the exercise price of the Stock Appreciation Right; or (ii) exchanged for cash or an alternate
award under the Plan. 8.2 Coupled Stock Appreciation Rights . (a) A Coupled Stock Appreciation Right (“CSAR”) shall be related to a particular Option and shall be exercisable only when
and to the extent the related Option is exercisable. (b) A CSAR may be granted to the Grantee for no more than the
number of shares subject to the simultaneously or previously granted Option to which it is coupled. (c) A CSAR shall
entitle the Grantee (or other person entitled to exercise the Option pursuant to this Plan) to surrender to the Company unexercised a portion of the Option to which the CSAR relates (to the extent then exercisable pursuant to its terms) and to
receive from the Company in exchange therefor an amount determined by multiplying the difference obtained by subtracting the Option exercise price from the Fair Market Value of a share of Common Stock on the date of exercise of the CSAR by the
number of shares of Common Stock with respect to which the CSAR shall have been exercised, subject to any limitations the Committee may impose. 8.3 Independent Stock Appreciation Rights . (a) An Independent Stock Appreciation Right
(“ISAR”) shall be unrelated to any Option and shall have a term set by the Committee. An ISAR shall be exercisable in such installments as the Committee may determine. An ISAR shall cover such number of shares of Common Stock as the
Committee may determine; provided, however , that unless the Committee otherwise provides in the terms of the ISAR or otherwise, no ISAR granted to a person subject to Section 16 of the Exchange Act shall be exercisable until at least six
months have elapsed from (but excluding) the date on which the Option was granted. The exercise price per share of Common Stock subject to each ISAR shall be set by the Committee; provided, however , that such price shall not be less than one
hundred percent (100%) of the Fair Market Value of a share of Common Stock on the date the ISAR is granted. An ISAR is exercisable only while the Grantee is an Employee, consultant or Independent Director; provided that the Committee may determine
that the ISAR may be exercised subsequent to Termination of Employment, Termination of Consultancy or Termination of Directorship without cause, or following a change in control of the Company, or because of the Grantee’s retirement, death or
disability, or otherwise. 2020 Proxy Statement A-11 Table of Contents APPENDIX A (b) An ISAR shall entitle the Grantee (or other person entitled to exercise the
ISAR pursuant to this Plan) to exercise all or a specified portion of the ISAR (to the extent then exercisable pursuant to its terms) and to receive from the Company an amount determined by multiplying the difference obtained by subtracting the
exercise price per share of the ISAR from the Fair Market Value of a share of Common Stock on the date of exercise of the ISAR by the number of shares of Common Stock with respect to which the ISAR shall have been exercised, subject to any
limitations the Committee may impose. 8.4 Payment and Limitations on Exercise . (a) Payment of the amount determined under Sections 8.2(c) and 8.3(b) above shall be in cash, in Common Stock (based on its
Fair Market Value as of the date the Stock Appreciation Right is exercised) or a combination of both, as determined by the Committee. To the extent such payment is effected in Common Stock it shall be made subject to satisfaction of all provisions
of Section 5.3 above pertaining to Options. (b) Grantees of Stock Appreciation Rights may be required to comply
with any timing or other restrictions with respect to the settlement or exercise of a Stock Appreciation Right, including a window-period limitation, as may be imposed in the discretion of the Board or Committee. 8.5 Consideration . As consideration for the granting of a Stock Appreciation Right, the Committee (or the Board in the case of an award to an
Independent Director) may require the Grantee to agree, in the written Stock Appreciation Right Agreement, to remain in the employ of, to consult for or to remain as an Independent Director of, as applicable, the Company or any Subsidiary for a
period of at least one year after the Stock Appreciation Right is granted (or such shorter period as may be fixed in the Stock Appreciation Right Agreement or by action of the Committee (or the Board, in the case of an award to an Independent
Director) following grant of the Stock Appreciation Right or, in the case of an Independent Director, until the next annual meeting of stockholders of the Company). Nothing in this Plan or in any Stock Appreciation Right Agreement hereunder shall
confer on any Grantee any right to continue in the employ of, as a consultant for or as an Independent Director of the Company or any Subsidiary or shall interfere with or restrict in any way the rights of the Company and any Subsidiary, which are
hereby expressly reserved, to discharge any Grantee at any time for any reason whatsoever, with or without good cause. ARTICLE IX.
ADMINISTRATION 9.1 Compensation Committee . The Compensation Committee (or another committee or a subcommittee of the Board
assuming the functions of the Committee under this Plan) shall consist solely of two or more Independent Directors appointed by and holding office at the pleasure of the Board, each of whom is a “non-employee director” as defined by Rule 16b-3 and otherwise meets the requirements of applicable law. In its absolute discretion, the Board may at any
time and from time to time exercise any and all rights and duties of the Committee under this Plan. Appointment of Committee members shall be effective upon acceptance of appointment. Committee members may resign at any time by delivering written
notice to the Board. Vacancies in the Committee may be filled by the Board. Should any Awards made under the Plan prior to November 2, 2017 be intended to qualify as “performance-based compensation” within the meaning of
Section 162(m)(4)(C) of the Code prior to its repeal (“162(m) Awards”), then all such determinations regarding such Awards will be made solely by a Committee comprised solely of two of more “outside directors” within the
meaning of Section 162(m) of the Code. 9.2 Duties and Powers of Committee . It shall be the duty of the Committee to conduct
the general administration of this Plan in accordance with its provisions. The Committee shall have the power to interpret this Plan and the agreements pursuant to which Options, awards of Restricted Stock or Restricted Stock Units, Performance
Awards, Stock Appreciation Rights, Dividend Equivalents or Stock Payments are granted or awarded, and to adopt such rules for the administration, interpretation, and application of this Plan as are consistent therewith and to interpret, amend or
revoke any such rules. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the full Board, acting by a majority of its members in office, shall conduct the general administration of the Plan with respect to awards granted to Independent Directors. Any such grant or
award under this Plan need not be the same with respect to each Optionee, Grantee or Restricted Stockholder. Any such interpretations and rules with respect to Incentive Stock Options shall be consistent with the provisions of Section 422 of
the Code. To the extent permitted by applicable law, the Committee may from time to time delegate to a committee of one or more members of the Board or one or more officers of the Company the authority to grant or amend awards to Participants other
than (a) senior executives of the Company who are subject to Section 16 of the Exchange Act, or (b) officers of the Company (or members of the Board) to whom authority to grant or amend awards has been delegated hereunder. Any
delegation hereunder shall be subject to the restrictions and limits that the Committee specifies at the time of such delegation, and the Committee may at any time rescind the authority so delegated or appoint a new delegatee. At all times, the
delegatee appointed under this Section shall serve in such capacity at the pleasure of the Committee. 9.3 Majority Rule; Unanimous
Written Consent . The Committee shall act by a majority of its members in attendance at a meeting at which a quorum is present or by a memorandum or other written instrument signed by all members of the Committee. A-12 Table of Contents APPENDIX A 9.4 Compensation; Professional Assistance; Good Faith Actions . Members of the Committee
shall receive such compensation for their services as members as may be determined by the Board. All expenses and liabilities which members of the Committee incur in connection with the administration of this Plan shall be borne by the Company. The
Committee may, with the approval of the Board, employ attorneys, consultants, accountants, appraisers, brokers, or other persons. The Committee, the Company and the Company’s officers and Directors shall be entitled to rely upon the advice,
opinions or valuations of any such persons. All actions taken and all interpretations and determinations made by the Committee or the Board in good faith shall be final and binding upon all Optionees, Grantees, Restricted Stockholders, the Company
and all other interested persons. No members of the Committee or Board shall be personally liable for any action, determination or interpretation made in good faith with respect to this Plan, Options, awards of Restricted Stock or Restricted Stock
Units, Performance Awards, Stock Appreciation Rights, Dividend Equivalents or Stock Payments, and all members of the Committee and the Board shall be fully protected by the Company in respect of any such action, determination or interpretation. ARTICLE X. MISCELLANEOUS PROVISIONS 10.1 Not Transferable . (a) Options, Restricted Stock awards, Restricted Stock Unit awards,
Performance Awards, Stock Appreciation Rights, Dividend Equivalents or Stock Payments under this Plan may not be sold, pledged, assigned, or transferred in any manner other than by will or the laws of descent and distribution or pursuant to a QDRO,
unless and until such rights or awards have been exercised, or the shares underlying such rights or awards have been issued, and all restrictions applicable to such shares have lapsed. No Option, Restricted Stock award, Restricted Stock Unit award,
Performance Award, Stock Appreciation Right, Dividend Equivalent or Stock Payment or interest or right therein shall be liable for the debts, contracts or engagements of the Optionee, Grantee or Restricted Stockholder or his successors in interest
or shall be subject to disposition by transfer, alienation, anticipation, pledge, encumbrance, assignment or any other means whether such disposition be voluntary or involuntary or by operation of law by judgment, levy, attachment, garnishment or
any other legal or equitable proceedings (including bankruptcy), and any attempted disposition thereof shall be null and void and of no effect, except to the extent that such disposition is permitted by the preceding sentence. (b) During the lifetime of the Optionee or Grantee, only he may exercise an Option or other right or award (or any portion thereof)
granted to him under the Plan, unless it has been disposed of pursuant to a QDRO. After the death of the Optionee or Grantee, any exercisable portion of an Option or other right or award may, prior to the time when such portion becomes unexercisable
under the Plan or the applicable Stock Option Agreement or other agreement, be exercised by his personal representative or by any person empowered to do so under the deceased Optionee’s or Grantee’s will or under the then applicable laws
of descent and distribution. 10.2 Amendment, Suspension or Termination of this Plan . Except as otherwise provided in this
Section 10.2, this Plan may be wholly or partially amended or otherwise modified, suspended or terminated at any time or from time to time by the Board or the Committee. However, without approval of the Company’s stockholders given within
twelve months before or after the action by the Board or the Committee, no action of the Board or the Committee may, except as provided in Section 10.3, increase the limits imposed in Section 2.1 on the maximum number of shares which may
be issued under this Plan or modify the Award Limit, and no action of the Board or the Committee may be taken that would otherwise require stockholder approval as a matter of applicable law, or the rules and regulations of any stock exchange or
national market system on which the Common Stock is then listed. No amendment, suspension or termination of this Plan shall, without the consent of the holder of Options, Restricted Stock awards, Restricted Stock Unit awards, Performance Awards,
Stock Appreciation Rights, Dividend Equivalents or Stock Payments, alter or impair any rights or obligations under any Options, Restricted Stock awards, Restricted Stock Unit awards, Performance Awards, Stock Appreciation Rights, Dividend
Equivalents or Stock Payments theretofore granted or awarded, unless the award itself otherwise expressly so provides. No Options, Restricted Stock, Restricted Stock Units, Performance Awards, Stock Appreciation Rights, Dividend Equivalents or Stock
Payments may be granted or awarded during any period of suspension or after termination of this Plan, and in no event may any Incentive Stock Option be granted under this Plan after June 15, 2030. 10.3 Changes in Common Stock or Assets of the Company, Acquisition or Liquidation of the Company and Other Corporate Events . (a) Subject to Section 10.3(d), in the event that the Committee (or the Board, in the case of awards granted to Independent
Directors) determines that any dividend or other distribution (whether in the form of cash, Common Stock, other securities, or other property) (other than normal cash dividends), recapitalization, reclassification, stock split, reverse stock split,
reorganization, merger, consolidation, split-up, spin-off, combination, repurchase, liquidation, dissolution, or sale, transfer, exchange or other disposition of all or
substantially all of the assets of the Company (including, but not limited to, a Corporate Transaction), or exchange of Common Stock or other securities of the Company, issuance of warrants or other rights to purchase Common Stock or other
securities of the Company, or other similar corporate transaction or event (other than an Equity Restructuring), in the Committee’s sole discretion (or in the 2020 Proxy Statement A-13 Table of Contents APPENDIX A case of awards granted to Independent Directors, the Board’s sole discretion), affects the Common Stock such that an adjustment is determined by the Committee to be appropriate in order to
prevent dilution or enlargement of the benefits or potential benefits intended to be made available under the Plan or with respect to an Option, Restricted Stock award, Performance Award, Stock Appreciation Right, Dividend Equivalent, Restricted
Stock Unit award or Stock Payment, then the Committee (or the Board, in the case of awards granted to Independent Directors) shall, in such manner as it may deem equitable, adjust any or all of: (i) the number and kind of shares of Common Stock (or other securities or property) with respect to which Options, Restricted Stock
Units, Performance Awards, Stock Appreciation Rights, Dividend Equivalents or Stock Payments may be granted under the Plan, or which may be granted as Restricted Stock (including, but not limited to, adjustments of the limitations in
Section 2.1 on the maximum number and kind of shares which may be issued, adjustments of the Award Limit and adjustments of the manner in which shares subject to Full Value Awards will be counted), (ii) the number and kind of shares of Common Stock (or other securities or property) subject to outstanding Options, Restricted
Stock Units, Performance Awards, Stock Appreciation Rights, Dividend Equivalents, or Stock Payments, and in the number and kind of shares of outstanding Restricted Stock, (iii) the grant or exercise price with respect to any Option, Restricted Stock Unit, Performance Award, Stock Appreciation Right,
Dividend Equivalent or Stock Payment, and (iv) the number and kind of shares of Common Stock (or other securities or
property) for which automatic grants of Options and Restricted Stock Units are subsequently to be made to new and continuing Independent Directors pursuant to Section 3.4(d) and Section 7.4(b), respectively. (b) Subject to Sections 10.3(b)(vii), 10.3(d) and 10.3(e) in the event of any Corporate Transaction or other transaction or
event described in Section 10.3(a) or any unusual or nonrecurring transactions or events affecting the Company, any affiliate of the Company, or the financial statements of the Company or any affiliate, or of changes in applicable laws,
regulations, or accounting principles, the Committee (or the Board, in the case of awards granted to Independent Directors) in its discretion is hereby authorized to take any one or more of the following actions whenever the Committee (or the Board,
in the case of awards granted to Independent Directors) determines that such action is appropriate in order to prevent dilution or enlargement of the benefits or potential benefits intended to be made available under the Plan or with respect to any
option, right or other award under this Plan, to facilitate such transactions or events or to give effect to such changes in laws, regulations or principles: (i) In its sole and absolute discretion, and on such terms and conditions as it deems appropriate, the Committee (or the Board, in
the case of awards granted to Independent Directors) may provide, either by the terms of the agreement or by action taken prior to the occurrence of such transaction or event and either automatically or upon the holder’s request, for either the
purchase of any such Option, Performance Award, Stock Appreciation Right, Dividend Equivalent, or Stock Payment, or any Restricted Stock or Restricted Stock Unit for an amount of cash equal to the amount that could have been attained upon the
exercise of such option, right or award or realization of the holder’s rights had such option, right or award been currently exercisable or payable or fully vested or the replacement of such option, right or award with other rights or property
selected by the Committee (or the Board, in the case of awards granted to Independent Directors) in its sole discretion; (ii) In its sole and absolute discretion, the Committee (or the Board, in the case of awards granted to Independent Directors) may
provide, either by the terms of such Option, Performance Award, Stock Appreciation Right, Dividend Equivalent, or Stock Payment, or Restricted Stock or Restricted Stock Unit award or by action taken prior to the occurrence of such transaction or
event that it cannot be exercised after such event; (iii) In its sole and absolute discretion, and on such terms and
conditions as it deems appropriate, the Committee (or the Board, in the case of awards granted to Independent Directors) may provide, either by the terms of such Option, Performance Award, Stock Appreciation Right, Dividend Equivalent, or Stock
Payment, or Restricted Stock or Restricted Stock Unit award or by action taken prior to the occurrence of such transaction or event, that for a specified period of time prior to such transaction or event, such option, right or award shall be vested
and/or exercisable as to all shares covered thereby, notwithstanding anything to the contrary in (i) Section 4.4 or (ii) the provisions of such Option, Performance Award, Stock Appreciation Right, Dividend Equivalent, or Stock
Payment, or Restricted Stock or Restricted Stock Unit award; (iv) In its sole and absolute discretion, and on such terms
and conditions as it deems appropriate, the Committee (or the Board, in the case of awards granted to Independent Directors) may provide, either by the terms of such Option, Performance Award, Stock Appreciation Right, Dividend Equivalent, or Stock
Payment, or Restricted Stock or Restricted Stock Unit award or by action taken prior to the occurrence of such transaction or event, that upon such event, such option, right or award be assumed by the successor or survivor corporation, or a parent
or subsidiary A-14 Table of Contents APPENDIX A thereof, or shall be substituted for by similar options, rights or awards covering the stock of the successor or survivor corporation, or a parent or subsidiary thereof, with appropriate
adjustments as to the number and kind of shares and prices; (v) In its sole and absolute discretion, and on such terms
and conditions as it deems appropriate, the Committee (or the Board, in the case of awards granted to Independent Directors) may make adjustments in the number and type of shares of Common Stock (or other securities or property) subject to
outstanding Options, Restricted Stock Units, Performance Awards, Stock Appreciation Rights, Dividend Equivalents, or Stock Payments, and in the number and kind of outstanding Restricted Stock and/or in the terms and conditions of (including the
grant or exercise price), and the criteria included in, outstanding options, rights and awards and options, rights and awards which may be granted in the future; (vi) In its sole and absolute discretion, and on such terms and conditions as it deems appropriate, the Committee may provide either
by the terms of a Restricted Stock award or by action taken prior to the occurrence of such event that, for a specified period of time prior to such event, the restrictions imposed under a Restricted Stock Agreement upon some or all shares of
Restricted Stock may be terminated, and, some or all shares of such Restricted Stock may cease to be subject to repurchase under Section 6.6 or forfeiture under Section 6.5 after such event; and (vii) None of the foregoing discretionary actions taken under this Section 10.3(b) shall be permitted with respect to awards
granted to Independent Directors to the extent that such discretion would be inconsistent with the applicable exemptive conditions of Rule 16b-3. In the event of a Change in Control or a Corporate
Transaction, to the extent that the Board does not have the ability under Rule 16b-3 to take or to refrain from taking the discretionary actions set forth in Section 10.3(b)(iii) above, each award
granted to an Independent Director shall be vested and/or exercisable as to all shares covered thereby upon such Change in Control or during the five days immediately preceding the consummation of such Corporate Transaction and subject to such
consummation, notwithstanding anything to the contrary in Section 4.4 or the vesting schedule of such awards. In the event of a Corporate Transaction, to the extent that the Board does not have the ability under Rule 16b-3 to take or to refrain from taking the discretionary actions set forth in Section 10.3(b)(ii) above, no Option granted to an Independent Director may be exercised following such Corporate
Transaction unless such Option is, in connection with such Corporate Transaction, either assumed by the successor or survivor corporation (or parent or subsidiary thereof) or replaced with a comparable right with respect to shares of the capital
stock of the successor or survivor corporation (or parent or subsidiary thereof). (c) Subject to Sections 10.3(d)
and 10.7, the Committee (or the Board, in the case of awards granted to Independent Directors) may, in its discretion, include such further provisions and limitations in any Option, Performance Award, Stock Appreciation Right, Dividend Equivalent,
or Stock Payment, or Restricted Stock or Restricted Stock Unit agreement or certificate, as it may deem equitable and in the best interests of the Company. (d) With respect to Incentive Stock Options, no adjustment or action described in this Section 10.3 or in any other provision
of the Plan shall be authorized to the extent that such adjustment or action would cause the Plan to violate Section 422(b)(1) of the Code or any successor provision thereto. With respect to 162(m) Awards (as defined below), no adjustment or
action described in this Section 10.3 or in any other provision of the Plan shall be authorized to the extent that such adjustment or action would cause such award to fail to so qualify under Code Section 162(m)(4)(C) prior to its repeal
unless the Committee determines that the award should not so qualify. Furthermore, no such adjustment or action shall be authorized to the extent such adjustment or action would result in short-swing profits liability under Section 16 or
violate the exemptive conditions of Rule 16b-3 unless the Committee (or the Board, in the case of awards granted to Independent Directors) determines that the option or other award is not to comply with
such exemptive conditions. The number of shares of Common Stock subject to any option, right or award shall always be rounded to the next whole number. (e) In connection with the occurrence of any Equity Restructuring, and notwithstanding anything to the contrary in Sections 10.3(a)
and 10.3(b): (i) The number and type of securities subject to each outstanding award and the exercise price or grant
price thereof, if applicable, shall be equitably adjusted. The adjustments provided under this Section 10(e) shall be nondiscretionary and shall be final and binding on the affected holder and the Company. (ii) The Committee (or the Board, in the case of awards granted to Independent Directors) shall make such equitable adjustments, if
any, as the Committee may deem appropriate to reflect such Equity Restructuring with respect to the aggregate number and kind of shares that may be issued under the Plan (including, but not limited to, adjustments of the limitations in
Section 2.1 on the maximum number and kind of shares which may be issued under the Plan or the Award Limit and adjustments of the manner in which shares subject to Full Value Awards will be counted). 10.4 Tax Withholding . Each Optionee, Grantee or Restricted Stockholder must pay the Company, or make provision satisfactory to the Committee,
for payment of any sums required by federal, state or local tax law to be withheld with respect to 2020 Proxy Statement A-15 Table of Contents APPENDIX A the issuance, vesting, exercise or other taxable event related to any Option, Restricted Stock, Restricted Stock Unit, Performance Award, Stock Appreciation Right, Dividend Equivalent or Stock
Payment by the date of the event creating the tax liability. The Company shall be entitled to deduct from other compensation payable to each Optionee, Grantee or Restricted Stockholder of any sums required by federal, state or local tax law to be
withheld with respect to the issuance, vesting, exercise or other taxable event related to any Option, Restricted Stock, Restricted Stock Unit, Performance Award, Stock Appreciation Right, Dividend Equivalent or Stock Payment. The Committee (or the
Board, in the case of awards granted to Independent Directors) may in its discretion and in satisfaction of the foregoing requirement allow such Optionee, Grantee or Restricted Stockholder to (a) satisfy such tax obligations in cash, by wire
transfer of immediately available funds, or by check made payable to the order of the Company, provided that the Company may limit the use of the foregoing payment forms in its discretion, (b) satisfy such tax obligations by the deduction of
such amounts from other compensation payable to each Optionee, Grantee or Restricted Stockholder, (c) elect to have the Company withhold shares of Common Stock otherwise issuable under such Option or other award (or allow the return of shares
of Common Stock) having a fair market value equal to the amounts required to be withheld, (d) if there is a public market for the shares of Common Stock at the time the tax obligations are satisfied, unless the Company otherwise determines,
satisfy such tax obligations by (i) delivery (including electronically or telephonically to the extent permitted by the Company) of an irrevocable and unconditional undertaking by a broker acceptable to the Company to deliver promptly to the
Company sufficient funds to satisfy the tax obligations, or (ii) delivery by the Participant to the Company of a copy of irrevocable and unconditional instructions to a broker acceptable to the Company to deliver promptly to the Company cash or
a check sufficient to satisfy the tax withholding; provided that such amount is paid to the Company at such time as may be required by the Committee, or (e) satisfy such tax obligations through any combination of the foregoing. For avoidance of
doubt, the Committee (or the Board, in the case of awards granted to Independent Directors) may determine the fair market value of the shares of Common Stock for tax purposes upon settlement of an award using such methodology as may be required by
applicable laws or as appropriate for administrative reasons. The number of shares of Common Stock which may be so withheld or returned pursuant to clause (c) above shall be limited to the number of shares of Common Stock which have a fair
market value on the date of withholding or return no greater than the aggregate amount of such liabilities based on the minimum statutory withholding rates for federal, state, local and foreign income tax and payroll tax purposes that are applicable
to such supplemental taxable income (or, to the extent provided by the Committee (or the Board, in the case of awards granted to Independent Directors), such higher withholding rate that is in no event greater than the maximum individual statutory
tax rate in the applicable jurisdiction at the time of such withholding (or such other rate as may be required to avoid the liability classification of the applicable award under generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of
America)). If any tax withholding obligation will be satisfied under clause (c) above by the Company’s retention of shares of Common Stock (or the return of shares of Common Stock) from the Option or other award creating the tax obligation
and there is a public market for the shares of Common Stock at the time the tax obligation is satisfied, the Company may elect to instruct any brokerage firm determined acceptable to the Company for such purpose to sell on the applicable
Optionee’s, Grantee’s or Restricted Stockholder’s behalf some or all of the shares of Common Stock retained or returned and to remit the proceeds of the sale to the Company or its designee, and each Optionee’s, Grantee’s or
Restricted Stockholder’s acceptance of an award under the Plan will constitute the Optionee’s, Grantee’s or Restricted Stockholder’s authorization to the Company and instruction and authorization to such brokerage firm to
complete the transactions described in this sentence. 10.5 Loans . The Committee may, in its discretion, and to the extent
permitted by law extend one or more loans to key Employees in connection with the exercise or receipt of an Option, Performance Award, Stock Appreciation Right, Dividend Equivalent or Stock Payment granted under this Plan, or the issuance, vesting
or distribution of Restricted Stock or Restricted Stock Units awarded under this Plan. The terms and conditions of any such loan shall be set by the Committee (or the Board, in the case of awards granted to Independent Directors). No loans will be
made to key Employees if such loans would be prohibited by Section 402 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 10.6 Forfeiture
Provisions . Pursuant to its general authority to determine the terms and conditions applicable to awards under the Plan, the Committee (or the Board, in the case of awards granted to Independent Directors) shall have the right (to the extent
consistent with the applicable exemptive conditions of Rule 16b-3) to provide, in the terms of Options or other awards made under the Plan, or to require the recipient to agree by separate written
instrument, that (i) any proceeds, gains or other economic benefit actually or constructively received by the recipient upon any receipt or exercise of the award, or upon the receipt or resale of any Common Stock underlying such award, must be
paid to the Company, and (ii) the award shall terminate and any unexercised portion of such award (whether or not vested) shall be forfeited, if (a) a Termination of Employment, Termination of Consultancy or Termination of Directorship
occurs prior to a specified date, or within a specified time period following receipt or exercise of the award, or (b) the recipient at any time, or during a specified time period, engages in any activity in competition with the Company, or
which is inimical, contrary or harmful to the interests of the Company, as further defined by the Committee (or the Board, as applicable). 10.7 Limitations Applicable to Section 16 Persons and Performance-Based Compensation . Notwithstanding any other provision of this Plan, this Plan, and any Option, Performance Award, Stock Appreciation
Right, Dividend Equivalent or Stock Payment granted, or Restricted Stock or Restricted Stock Unit awarded, to any individual who is then subject to Section 16 of A-16 Table of Contents APPENDIX A the Exchange Act, shall be subject to any additional limitations set forth in any applicable exemptive rule under Section 16 of the Exchange Act (including any amendment to Rule 16b-3 of the Exchange Act) that are requirements for the application of such exemptive rule. To the extent permitted by applicable law, the Plan, Options, Performance Awards, Stock Appreciation Rights,
Dividend Equivalents, Stock Payments, Restricted Stock and Restricted Stock Units granted or awarded hereunder shall be deemed amended to the extent necessary to conform to such applicable exemptive rule. Furthermore, notwithstanding any other
provision of this Plan or any award agreement, each 162(m) Award (and each award which was otherwise not subject to the deduction limitation of Section 162(m) of the Code) shall be subject to any additional limitations as the Committee
determines necessary for such 162(m) Award to qualify as “performance-based compensation” as described in Section 162(m)(4)(C) of the Code prior to its repeal (or to be so exempt) pursuant to the transition relief rules in the Tax
Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017 (the “TCJA”), and to the extent any of the provisions of the Plan or any award (or any amendments hereto pursuant to any amendment and restatement of the Plan) would cause any 162(m) Awards to fail to so qualify
or other awards to be so exempt, any such provisions shall not apply to such awards to the extent necessary to ensure the continued qualification or exemption of such awards. To the extent permitted by applicable law, the Plan and any such awards
shall be deemed amended to the extent necessary to conform to such requirements. 10.8 Effect of Plan Upon Options and Compensation
Plans . The adoption of this Plan shall not affect any other compensation or incentive plans in effect for the Company or any Subsidiary. Nothing in this Plan shall be construed to limit the right of the Company (i) to establish any other
forms of incentives or compensation for Employees, Directors or Consultants of the Company or any Subsidiary or (ii) to grant or assume options or other rights otherwise than under this Plan in connection with any proper corporate purpose
including but not by way of limitation, the grant or assumption of options in connection with the acquisition by purchase, lease, merger, consolidation or otherwise, of the business, stock or assets of any corporation, partnership, limited liability
company, firm or association. 10.9 Compliance with Laws . This Plan, the granting and vesting of Options, Restricted Stock awards,
Restricted Stock Unit awards, Performance Awards, Stock Appreciation Rights, Dividend Equivalents or Stock Payments under this Plan and the issuance and delivery of shares of Common Stock and the payment of money under this Plan or under Options,
Performance Awards, Stock Appreciation Rights, Dividend Equivalents or Stock Payments granted or Restricted Stock or Restricted Stock Units awarded hereunder are subject to compliance with all applicable federal and state laws, rules and regulations
(including but not limited to state and federal securities law and federal margin requirements) and to such approvals by any listing, regulatory or governmental authority as may, in the opinion of counsel for the Company, be necessary or advisable
in connection therewith. Any securities delivered under this Plan shall be subject to such restrictions, and the person acquiring such securities shall, if requested by the Company, provide such assurances and representations to the Company as the
Company may deem necessary or desirable to assure compliance with all applicable legal requirements. To the extent permitted by applicable law, the Plan, Options, Restricted Stock awards, Restricted Stock Unit awards, Performance Awards, Stock
Appreciation Rights, Dividend Equivalents or Stock Payments granted or awarded hereunder shall be deemed amended to the extent necessary to conform to such laws, rules and regulations. 10.10 Titles . Titles are provided herein for convenience only and are not to serve as a basis for interpretation or construction of this
Plan. 10.11 Governing Law . This Plan and any agreements hereunder shall be administered, interpreted and enforced under the
internal laws of the State of California without regard to conflicts of laws thereof. 10.12 Section 409A . To
the extent that the Committee (or the Board, in the case of awards granted to Independent Directors) determines that any award granted under the Plan is subject to Section 409A of the Code, the award agreement evidencing such award shall
incorporate the terms and conditions required by Section 409A of the Code. To the extent applicable, the Plan and award agreements shall be interpreted in accordance with Section 409A of the Code and Department of Treasury regulations and
other interpretive guidance issued thereunder. Notwithstanding any provision of the Plan to the contrary, in the event that the Committee (or the Board, in the case of awards granted to Independent Directors) determines that any award may be subject
to Section 409A of the Code and related Department of Treasury guidance (including Department of Treasury guidance), the Committee (or the Board, in the case of awards granted to Independent Directors) may adopt such amendments to the Plan and
the applicable award agreement or adopt other policies and procedures (including amendments, policies and procedures with retroactive effect), or take any other actions, that the Committee (or the Board, in the case of awards granted to Independent
Directors) determines are necessary or appropriate to (a) exempt the award from Section 409A of the Code and/or preserve the intended tax treatment of the benefits provided with respect to the award, or (b) comply with the
requirements of Section 409A of the Code and related Department of Treasury guidance. 10.13 Award Vesting Limitations .
Notwithstanding any other provision of the Plan to the contrary, but subject to Section 10.3 and the last sentence of this Section 10.13, Options, awards of Restricted Stock, Performance Awards, Dividend Equivalents, awards of Restricted
Stock Units, Stock Payments or Stock Appreciation Rights granted under the Plan shall vest no earlier than the first anniversary of the date the award is granted and no award agreement shall reduce or eliminate the minimum vesting requirement; provided , however , that, notwithstanding the foregoing, the minimum vesting requirement of this Section 10.13 shall not apply to: (a) any awards delivered in lieu of fully-vested cash-based awards under the Plan (or other 2020 Proxy Statement A-17 Table of Contents APPENDIX A fully-vested cash awards or payments), (b) any awards to Independent Directors for which the vesting period runs from the date of one annual meeting of the Company’s stockholders to the next
annual meeting of the Company’s stockholders which is at least fifty (50) weeks after the immediately preceding year’s annual meeting, or (c) any other awards that result in the issuance of an aggregate of up to five percent (5%)
of the shares of Common Stock available pursuant to Section 2.1(a) as of the Restatement Effective Date. Nothing in this Section 10.13 precludes the Committee (or the Board, in the case of awards granted to Independent Directors) from
taking action, in its sole discretion, to accelerate the vesting of any award in connection with or following a Grantee’s, Optionee’s or Restricted Stockholder’s death, disability, Termination of Employment, Termination of
Consultancy, Termination of Directorship or the consummation of a Corporate Transaction or a Change in Control. 10.14 Dividend
Limitations . Notwithstanding any other provision of the Plan to the contrary, dividends and Dividend Equivalents with respect to an award that is subject to vesting that are based on dividends paid prior to the vesting of such award shall only
be paid out to the Restricted Stockholder or Grantee, as applicable, to the extent that the vesting conditions are subsequently satisfied and the award vests. A-18 Table of Contents VOTE BY INTERNET Before The Meeting - Go to www.proxyvote.com
VIASAT, INC. 6155 EL CAMINO REAL CARLSBAD, CA 92009 ATTN: STACY NGUYEN | Use the Internet to transmit your voting instructions and for electronic delivery of information up until 11:59 p.m. Eastern Time the day before the cut-off date or meeting date. Have your proxy card in hand when you access the web site and follow the instructions to obtain your records and to create an electronic voting instruction form.
During The Meeting - Go to www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/VSAT2020
You may attend the meeting via the Internet and vote during the meeting. Have the information that is printed in the box marked by the arrow available and follow the instructions.
VOTE BY PHONE - 1-800-690-6903
Use any touch-tone telephone to transmit your voting instructions up until 11:59 p.m. Eastern Time the day before the cut-off date or meeting date. Have your proxy card in hand when you call and then follow the instructions.
VOTE BY MAIL
Mark, sign and date your proxy card and return it in the postage-paid envelope we have provided or return it to Vote Processing, c/o Broadridge, 51 Mercedes Way, Edgewood, NY 11717. TO VOTE, MARK BLOCKS BELOW IN BLUE OR BLACK INK AS FOLLOWS: D19923-P41923 | KEEP THIS PORTION FOR YOUR RECORDS DETACH AND RETURN THIS PORTION ONLY THIS PROXY CARD IS VALID ONLY WHEN SIGNED AND DATED. VIASAT, INC.
The Viasat Board of Directors unanimously recommends that stockholders vote “FOR” all the director nominees listed in Proposal 1, and “FOR” Proposals 2, 3 and 4.
1. Election of Directors: | For | Withhold
1a. Mark Dankberg | ☐ | ☐
1b. Varsha Rao | ☐ | ☐ | For | Against | Abstain
2. Ratification of Appointment of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP as Viasat’s Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm for fiscal year 2021 | ☐ | ☐ | ☐
3. Advisory Vote on Executive Compensation | ☐ | ☐ | ☐
4. Amendment and Restatement of the 1996 Equity Participation Plan | ☐ | ☐ | ☐
Please sign exactly as name(s) appear(s) hereon. Joint owners should each sign. When signing as attorney, executor, administrator, corporate officer, trustee, guardian, or custodian, please give full title.
Signature [PLEASE SIGN WITHIN BOX] | Date | Signature (Joint Owners) | Date Table of Contents Important Notice Regarding the Availability of Proxy Materials for the Annual Meeting The proxy materials for the Viasat Annual Meeting of Stockholders, including the proxy statement and annual report to stockholders, are
available over the internet on the Investor Relations section of our website at investors.viasat.com . ELECTRONIC DELIVERY OF
FUTURE PROXY MATERIALS If you would like to reduce the costs incurred by our company in mailing proxy materials, you can consent to
receiving all future proxy statements, proxy cards and annual reports electronically via e-mail or the Internet. To sign up for electronic delivery, please follow the instructions above to vote using the
Internet and, when prompted, indicate that you agree to receive or access proxy materials electronically in future years. D19924-P41923 VIASAT, INC.
ANNUAL MEETING OF STOCKHOLDERS - SEPTEMBER 3, 2020
THIS PROXY IS SOLICITED ON BEHALF OF THE VIASAT BOARD OF DIRECTORS
The undersigned revokes all previous proxies, acknowledges receipt of the notice of Annual Meeting of Stockholders and the accompanying proxy statement, and hereby appoints Mark Dankberg and Robert Blair, jointly and severally, with full power of substitution to each, as proxies of the undersigned, to represent the undersigned and to vote all shares of common stock of Viasat, Inc. that the undersigned is entitled to vote, either on his or her own behalf or on behalf of an entity or entities, at the Annual Meeting of Stockholders of Viasat, Inc. to be held via live webcast at www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/VSAT2020 on September 3, 2020, at 8:30 a.m. Pacific Time, and at any adjournments and postponements thereof, with the same force and effect as the undersigned might or could do if personally present.
THE SHARES REPRESENTED BY THIS PROXY CARD WILL BE VOTED AS INSTRUCTED BY THE STOCKHOLDER. IF NO INSTRUCTIONS ARE SPECIFIED, THE SHARES WILL BE VOTED “FOR” ALL THE DIRECTOR NOMINEES LISTED IN PROPOSAL 1, AND “FOR” PROPOSALS 2, 3 AND 4. IF ANY OTHER BUSINESS IS PROPERLY PRESENTED AT THE ANNUAL MEETING, OR ANY ADJOURNMENTS OR POSTPONEMENTS THEREOF, THIS PROXY CARD WILL CONFER DISCRETIONARY AUTHORITY ON THE INDIVIDUALS NAMED AS PROXIES TO VOTE THE SHARES REPRESENTED BY THE PROXIES IN ACCORDANCE WITH THEIR BEST JUDGMENT.