DEF 14A 1 d566363ddef14a.htm DEF 14A DEF 14A Table of Contents SCHEDULE 14A INFORMATION Proxy Statement Pursuant to Section 14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 Filed by the Registrant ☒
Filed by a Party other than the Registrant ☐
Check the appropriate box:
☐ | Preliminary Proxy Statement
☐ | Confidential, for Use of the Commission Only (as permitted by Rule 14a-6(e)(2))
☒ | Definitive Proxy Statement
☐ | Definitive Additional Materials
☐ | Soliciting Material under Rule 14a-12 VIASAT, INC.
(Name of Registrant as Specified In Its Charter)
(Name of Person(s) Filing Proxy Statement, if other than the Registrant) Payment of Filing Fee (Check the appropriate box):
☒ | No fee required.
☐ | Fee computed on table below per Exchange Act Rules 14a-6(i)(1) and 0-11.
(1) | Title of each class of securities to which transaction applies:
(2) | Aggregate number of securities to which transaction applies:
(3) | Per unit price or other underlying value of transaction computed pursuant to Exchange Act Rule 0-11 (Set forth the amount on which the filing fee is calculated and state how it was determined):
(4) | Proposed maximum aggregate value of transaction:
(5) | Total fee paid:
☐ | Fee paid previously with preliminary materials.
☐ | Check box if any part of the fee is offset as provided by Exchange Act Rule 0-11(a)(2) and identify the filing for which the offsetting fee was paid previously. Identify the previous filing by registration statement number, or the Form or Schedule and the date of its filing.
(1) | Amount Previously Paid:
(2) | Form, Schedule or Registration Statement No.:
(3) | Filing Party:
(4) | Date Filed: Table of Contents NOTICE OF ANNUAL MEETING OF STOCKHOLDERS Meeting Information DATE: September 6, 2018 | TIME: 8:30 a.m. Pacific Time | PLACE: Viasat Corporate Offices | RECORD DATE: July 10, 2018 Dear Fellow Stockholder: You are cordially invited to attend our 2018 annual meeting of stockholders, which will be held on September 6, 2018 at 8:30 a.m. Pacific Time at
the corporate offices of Viasat located at 6155 El Camino Real, Founders Hall, Carlsbad, California. We are holding the annual meeting for the following purposes: 1. | To elect Frank J. Biondi, Jr., Robert Johnson and John Stenbit to serve as Class I Directors for a three-year term to expire at the 2021 annual meeting of stockholders. 2. | To ratify the appointment of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP as Viasat’s independent registered public accounting firm for fiscal year 2019. 3. | To conduct an advisory vote on executive compensation. 4. | To approve an amendment and restatement of the 1996 Equity Participation Plan. 5. | To transact other business that may properly come before the annual meeting or any adjournments or postponements of the meeting. These items are fully described in the proxy statement, which is part of this notice. We have not received notice of other matters that may be
properly presented at the annual meeting. All stockholders of record as of July 10, 2018, the record date, are entitled to vote at the
annual meeting. Your vote is very important. Whether or not you expect to attend the annual meeting in person, please sign, date and return the enclosed proxy card as soon as possible to
ensure that your shares are represented at the annual meeting. If your shares are held in “street name,” which means your shares are held of record by a broker, bank or other
financial institution, you must provide your broker, bank or financial institution with instructions on how to vote your shares. How
to Vote Provide instructions to your broker, bank or other financial institution about how to vote shares they hold for you | Sign, date and return proxy card | Attend Annual Meeting By Order of the Board of Directors /s/ Mark Dankberg Mark Dankberg Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer Carlsbad, California July 20, 2018 YOUR VOTE IS IMPORTANT. WHETHER OR NOT YOU PLAN TO ATTEND THE ANNUAL MEETING IN PERSON, PLEASE SIGN, DATE AND RETURN THE ACCOMPANYING PROXY CARD. Table of Contents TABLE OF CONTENTS GENERAL INFORMATION | 1
About the Annual Meeting and Voting | 1
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE PRINCIPLES AND BOARD MATTERS | 5
Board Responsibilities | 5
Board Leadership and Independence | 6
Board Structure and Committee Composition | 7
Director Nomination Process | 8
Communications with the Board | 8
PROPOSAL 1: ELECTION OF DIRECTORS | 9
Overview | 9
Class I Directors Nominated for Election at this Annual Meeting | 10
Class II Directors with Terms Expiring in 2019 | 11
Class III Directors with Terms Expiring in 2020 | 12
Recommendation of the Board | 12
PROPOSAL 2: RATIFICATION OF APPOINTMENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM | 13
Overview | 13
Principal Accountant Fees and Services | 13
Pre-Approval Policy of the Audit Committee | 14
Recommendation of the Board | 14
PROPOSAL 3: ADVISORY VOTE ON EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION | 15
Overview | 15
Recommendation of the Board | 15
PROPOSAL 4: AMENDMENT AND RESTATEMENT OF THE 1996 EQUITY PARTICIPATION PLAN | 16
Overview | 16
Why You Should Vote for the Restated Equity Plan | 16
Summary of the Restated Equity Plan | 19 U.S. Federal Income Tax Consequences | 21
New Plan Benefits | 23
Recommendation of the Board | 23
OWNERSHIP OF SECURITIES | 24
Beneficial Ownership Table | 24
Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance | 26
EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION | 27
Compensation Discussion and Analysis | 27
Compensation Committee Report | 37
Summary Compensation Table | 38
Grants of Plan-Based Awards in Fiscal Year 2018 | 39
Outstanding Equity Awards at 2018 Fiscal Year End | 40
Option Exercises and Stock Vested in Fiscal Year 2018 | 41
Pension Benefits | 41
Non-Qualified Deferred Compensation | 41
Potential Payments Upon Termination | 41
CEO Pay Ratio | 42
Director Compensation | 43
Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation | 44
Equity Compensation Plan Information | 44
CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS | 45
Review and Approval of Related Party Transactions | 45
Related Party Transactions | 45
AUDIT COMMITTEE REPORT | 46
OTHER MATTERS | 47
APPENDIX A: 1996 EQUITY PARTICIPATION PLAN, AS AMENDED AND RESTATED | A-1 2018 Proxy Statement i Table of Contents 6155 El Camino Real Carlsbad, California 92009 | PROXY STATEMENT The Board of Directors of Viasat, Inc. is soliciting the enclosed proxy for use at the annual meeting of
stockholders to be held on September 6, 2018 at 8:30 a.m. Pacific Time at the corporate offices of Viasat located at 6155 El Camino Real, Founders Hall, Carlsbad, California, and at any adjournments or postponements of the meeting, for the purposes
set forth in the notice of annual meeting of stockholders. GENERAL INFORMATION About the Annual Meeting and Voting Why am I receiving this proxy statement? We sent you this proxy statement and the enclosed proxy card because Viasat’s Board of Directors is soliciting your proxy to vote at the 2018 annual meeting of stockholders. This proxy statement summarizes the information you
need to know to vote at the annual meeting. All stockholders who find it convenient to do so are cordially invited to attend the annual meeting in person. However, you do not need to attend the meeting to vote your shares. Instead, you may simply
sign, date and return the enclosed proxy card. We intend to begin mailing this proxy statement, the attached notice of our annual
meeting and the enclosed proxy card on or about July 20, 2018 to all stockholders who owned Viasat common stock on the record date, July 10, 2018, and are thus entitled to vote at the annual meeting. On this record date, there were approximately
59,532,906 shares of Viasat common stock outstanding. Common stock is our only class of stock entitled to vote. Along with this proxy statement we are also sending our fiscal year 2018 annual report, which includes our financial
statements. What am I voting on? The items of business scheduled to be voted on at the annual meeting are: • | Proposal 1: The election of Frank J. Biondi, Jr., Robert Johnson and John Stenbit to serve as Class I Directors for a three-year term to expire at the 2021 annual meeting of stockholders. • | Proposal 2: The ratification of the appointment of PricewaterhouseCoopers as Viasat’s independent registered public accounting firm for fiscal year 2019. • | Proposal 3: The advisory vote on executive compensation. • | Proposal 4: The amendment and restatement of the 1996 Equity Participation Plan. We will also consider any other business that properly comes before the annual meeting. How does the Board recommend that I vote? Our Board of Directors unanimously recommends that you vote: • | “FOR” the election of Frank J. Biondi, Jr., Robert Johnson and John Stenbit (Proposal 1); • | “FOR” the ratification of the appointment of PricewaterhouseCoopers as Viasat’s independent registered public accounting firm for fiscal year 2019 (Proposal 2); • | “FOR” the approval of executive compensation (Proposal 3); and • | “FOR” the amendment and restatement of the 1996 Equity Participation Plan (Proposal 4). How many votes do I have? You are entitled to one vote for every share of Viasat common stock that you own as of July 10, 2018. 2018 Proxy Statement 1 Table of Contents GENERAL
INFORMATION • About the Annual Meeting and Voting How do I vote by proxy? Your vote is important. Whether or not you plan to attend the annual meeting in person, we urge you to sign, date and return the enclosed proxy card
as soon as possible to ensure that your vote is recorded promptly. Returning the proxy card will not affect your right to attend the annual meeting or vote your shares in person. If you complete and submit your proxy card, the persons named as proxies will vote your shares in accordance with your instructions. If you submit a
proxy card but do not fill out the voting instructions on the proxy card, your shares will be voted in accordance with the recommendations made by the Board of Directors. If any other matters are properly presented for voting at the annual meeting, or any adjournments or postponements of the annual meeting occur, the
proxy card will confer discretionary authority on the individuals named as proxies to vote your shares in accordance with their best judgment. As of the date of this proxy statement, we have not received notice of other matters that may properly be
presented for voting at the annual meeting. May I revoke my proxy? If you give us your proxy, you may revoke it at any time before your proxy is voted at the annual meeting. You may revoke your proxy in any of the
following three ways: • | you may send in another signed proxy card bearing a later date; • | you may deliver a written notice of revocation to Viasat’s Corporate Secretary prior to the annual meeting; or • | you may notify Viasat’s Corporate Secretary in writing before the annual meeting and vote in person at the meeting. If your shares are held in “street name,” which means your shares are held of record by a broker, bank or other financial institution, you
must contact your broker, bank or financial institution to revoke any prior instructions. How do I vote in person? If you plan to attend the annual meeting and wish to vote in person, we will give you a ballot when you arrive. Even if you plan to attend the
annual meeting, we recommend that you also vote by proxy as described above so that your vote will be counted if you later decide not to attend the meeting. What if my shares are held by a broker, bank or other financial institution? If you are the beneficial owner of shares held by a broker, bank or other financial institution, then your shares are held in “street
name” and the organization holding your shares is considered to be the stockholder of record for purposes of voting at the annual meeting. As the beneficial owner, you have the right to direct your broker, bank or other financial institution
regarding how to vote your shares. You are also invited to attend the annual meeting. However, since you are not the stockholder of record, you may not vote in person at the meeting unless you bring to the meeting a “legal proxy” from the
record holder of the shares (your broker, bank or other financial institution). The legal proxy will give you the right to vote the shares at the meeting. Can I vote via the internet or by telephone? If your shares are registered in the name of a broker, bank or
other financial institution, you may be eligible to vote your shares electronically over the internet or by telephone. A large number of banks and brokerage firms offer internet and telephone voting. If the broker, bank or other financial
institution holding your shares does not offer internet or telephone voting information, please complete and return your proxy card or voting instruction card in the self-addressed, postage-paid envelope provided. How can I attend the annual meeting? You are entitled to attend the annual meeting only if you were a Viasat stockholder or joint holder as of the record date, July 10, 2018, or you hold a valid proxy for the annual meeting. You should be prepared to present valid
government issued photo identification for admittance. If you are a stockholder of record, your name will be verified against the list of stockholders of record on the record date prior to your admission to the annual meeting. If you are not a
stockholder of record but hold shares in street name, you should provide proof of beneficial ownership by bringing either a copy of the voting instruction card provided by your broker or a copy of a brokerage statement showing your share ownership
as of July 10, 2018. If you do not provide photo identification or comply with the other procedures outlined above, you will not be admitted to the annual meeting. The use of cell phones, smartphones, pagers, recording and photographic equipment
and/or computers is not permitted at the annual meeting. 2 Table of Contents GENERAL INFORMATION • About the Annual Meeting and Voting What constitutes a quorum? A quorum is present when at least a majority of the outstanding shares entitled to vote are represented at the annual meeting either in person or by
proxy. This year, approximately 29,766,454 shares must be represented to constitute a quorum at the meeting and permit us to conduct our business. What vote is required to approve each proposal? In the election of directors, the three nominees for director who receive the highest number of affirmative votes will be elected as directors. All other proposals require the affirmative vote of a majority of the votes cast on that
proposal. Voting results will be tabulated and certified by our transfer agent, Computershare. What will happen if I abstain from
voting or fail to vote? Shares held by persons attending the annual meeting but not voting, and shares represented by proxies that
reflect abstentions as to a particular proposal will be counted as present for purposes of determining the presence of a quorum. Similarly, shares represented by proxies that reflect a “broker non-vote” will be counted for
purposes of determining whether a quorum exists. A broker non-vote occurs when a broker, bank or other financial institution holding shares in street name for a beneficial owner has not received instructions
from the beneficial owner and does not have discretionary authority to vote the shares for a particular proposal. Under the rules of various national and regional securities exchanges, the organization that holds your shares in street name has
discretionary authority to vote only on routine matters and cannot vote on non-routine matters. The only proposal at the meeting that is considered a routine matter under applicable rules is the proposal to
ratify the appointment of PricewaterhouseCoopers as Viasat’s independent registered public accounting firm for the 2019 fiscal year. Therefore, unless you provide voting instructions to the broker, bank or other financial institution holding
shares on your behalf, they will not have discretionary authority to vote your shares on any of the other proposals described in this proxy statement. Please vote your proxy or provide voting instructions to the broker, bank or other financial
institution holding your shares so your vote on the other proposals will be counted. In tabulating the voting results for each proposal,
neither abstentions nor shares that constitute broker non-votes are considered votes cast on that proposal. Because abstentions and broker non-votes will not be
considered votes cast, abstentions and broker non-votes will not affect the outcome of any matter being voted on at the meeting, assuming that a quorum is obtained. What are the costs of soliciting these proxies? We will pay the entire cost of soliciting these proxies, including the preparation, assembly, printing and mailing of this proxy statement and any additional solicitation material that we may provide to stockholders. In addition to
the mailing of the notices and these proxy materials, the solicitation of proxies or votes may be made in person, by telephone or by electronic communication by our directors, officers and employees, who will not receive any additional compensation
for such solicitation activities. We will reimburse brokerage houses and other custodians, nominees and fiduciaries for forwarding proxy and solicitation materials to stockholders. I share an address with another stockholder, but we received only one paper copy of the proxy materials. How may I obtain an additional copy of
the proxy materials? If you share an address with another stockholder, you may receive only one set of proxy materials unless you
have provided contrary instructions. The rules promulgated by the Securities and Exchange Commission, or SEC, permit companies, brokers, banks or other financial institutions to deliver a single copy of a proxy statement and annual report to
households at which two or more stockholders reside. This practice, known as “householding,” is designed to reduce duplicate mailings, save significant printing and postage costs, and conserve natural resources. Stockholders will receive
only one copy of our proxy statement and annual report if they share an address with another stockholder, have been previously notified of householding by their broker, bank or other financial institution, and have consented to householding, either
affirmatively or implicitly by not objecting to householding. If you would like to opt out of householding for future mailings, or if you currently receive multiple copies of our annual reports and proxy statements and would prefer to receive a
single copy in the future, please contact your broker, bank or financial institution. You may also obtain a separate annual report or proxy statement without charge by sending a written request to Viasat, Inc., Attention: Investor Relations, 6155 El
Camino Real, Carlsbad, California 92009, by email at ir@viasat.com or by telephone at (760) 476-2633. We will promptly send additional copies of the annual report or proxy statement upon receipt of such
request. 2018 Proxy Statement 3 Table of Contents GENERAL
INFORMATION • About the Annual Meeting and Voting Important notice regarding the availability of proxy
materials for the Viasat annual meeting of stockholders to be held on September 6, 2018 Under rules adopted by the SEC, we are also
furnishing proxy materials to our stockholders via the internet. This process is designed to expedite stockholders’ receipt of proxy materials, lower the cost of the annual meeting and help conserve natural resources. This proxy statement
and our annual report to stockholders are available on the Investor Relations section of our website at investors.viasat.com . If you are a stockholder of record, you can elect to access future proxy statements and annual
reports electronically by marking the appropriate box on your proxy card. Choosing to receive your future proxy materials electronically will help us conserve natural resources and reduce the costs of printing and distributing our proxy materials.
If you choose this option, your choice will remain in effect until you notify our transfer agent, Computershare, by mail that you wish to resume mail delivery of these documents. If you hold your shares in street name, please refer to the
information provided by your broker, bank or other financial institution for instructions on how to elect this option. 4 Table of Contents CORPORATE GOVERNANCE PRINCIPLES AND BOARD MATTERS We are dedicated to maintaining the highest standards of business integrity. It is our belief that adherence to sound principles of corporate
governance, through a system of checks, balances and personal accountability is vital to protecting Viasat’s reputation, assets, investor confidence and customer loyalty. Above all, the foundation of Viasat’s integrity is our commitment to
sound corporate governance. Our corporate governance guidelines and Guide to Business Conduct can be found on the Investor Relations section of our website at investors.viasat.com . Board Responsibilities Primary Responsibilities The Board of Directors is the company’s governing body and is responsible for assuring that the long-term interests of the stockholders are
being served. The Board of Directors is also responsible for overseeing Viasat’s Chief Executive Officer and other senior management in the competent and ethical operation of the company on a day-to-day basis. To satisfy its duties, directors are expected to take a proactive, focused approach to their position, and set standards to ensure that the company is committed to business success by
maintaining the highest standards of responsibility and ethics. Risk Oversight We take a comprehensive approach to risk management which is reflected in the reporting processes by which our management provides timely and
comprehensive information to the Board to support the Board’s role in oversight, approval and decision-making. The Board
The Board is responsible for overseeing management in the execution of its responsibilities and for assessing the company’s approach to risk management. The Board exercises these responsibilities periodically as part of its meetings and also through the Board’s committees, each of which examines various components of enterprise risk as it pertains to the committee’s area of oversight. In addition, an overall review of risk is inherent in the Board’s consideration of the company’s long-term strategies and in the transactions and other matters presented to the Board, including capital expenditures, acquisitions and divestitures, and financial matters.
À
Committees
Audit Committee is responsible for reviewing the professional services provided by our independent registered public accounting firm, the independence of such independent registered public accounting firm from our management, and our annual and quarterly financial statements. | Compensation and Human Resources Committee is responsible for designing and evaluating Viasat’s compensation plans, policies and programs, including the compensation of our executive officers. | Nomination, Evaluation and Corporate Governance Committee is responsible for developing and recommending to the Board a set of corporate governance guidelines and principles, providing oversight of the process for the self-assessment by the Board and each of its committees, reviewing and recommending nominees for election as directors and committee members, conducting the evaluation of our Chief Executive Officer, and advising the Board with respect to Board and committee composition. | Banking and Finance Committee is responsible for overseeing certain aspects of corporate finance for the company, and reviewing and making recommendations to the Board about the company’s financial affairs and policies, including short and long-term financing plans, objectives and principles, borrowings or the issuance of debt and equity securities.
À
Management
Our senior management is responsible for assessing and managing the company’s various exposures to risk on a day-to-day basis, including the creation of appropriate risk management programs and policies. 2018 Proxy Statement 5 Table of Contents CORPORATE GOVERNANCE PRINCIPLES AND BOARD MATTERS • Board Leadership and Independence Board Leadership and Independence Mark Dankberg, our Chief Executive Officer, serves as the Chairman of the Board. Currently, the Board believes this leadership
structure provides the most efficient and effective leadership model for Viasat by enhancing the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer’s ability to provide clear insight and direction of business strategies and plans to both the Board and
management. The Board regularly evaluates its leadership structure and currently believes Viasat can most effectively execute its business strategies and plans if the Chairman is also a member of the management team. A single person, acting in the
capacities of Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, promotes unity of vision and leadership, which allows for a single, clear focus for management to execute the company’s business strategies and plans. While we have not designated a lead
independent director, we believe that Viasat’s unitary leadership structure is appropriately balanced by sound corporate governance principles, the effective oversight of management by non-employee directors and the strength of Viasat’s independent directors. The criteria established by The Nasdaq Stock Market, or Nasdaq, for
director independence include various objective standards and a subjective test. The subjective test requires that each independent director not have a relationship which, in the opinion of the Board, would interfere with the exercise of independent
judgment in carrying out the responsibilities of a director. Under the objective standards, a member of the Board is not considered independent if, for example, he or she is (1) an employee of Viasat, or (2) a partner in, or a controlling
stockholder or an executive officer of, an entity to which Viasat made, or from which Viasat received, payments in the current or any of the past three fiscal years that exceed 5% of the recipient’s consolidated gross revenues for that year. None of our existing directors were disqualified from independent status under the objective standards, other than Mr. Dankberg and Richard Baldridge, who do not qualify as independent because they are Viasat employees. The subjective evaluation of director
independence by the Board of Directors was made in the context of the objective standards by taking into account the standards in the objective tests, and reviewing and discussing additional information provided by the directors and the company with
regard to each director’s business and personal activities as they may relate to Viasat and Viasat’s management. As a result
of this evaluation, the Board of Directors affirmatively determined that each existing member of the Board other than Mr. Dankberg and Mr. Baldridge is independent under the criteria established by Nasdaq for director independence. In
addition to the Board level standards for director independence, all members of the Audit Committee, Compensation and Human Resources Committee, and Nomination, Evaluation and Corporate Governance Committee qualify as independent directors as
defined by Nasdaq. 6 Table of Contents CORPORATE GOVERNANCE PRINCIPLES AND BOARD MATTERS • Board Structure and Committee Composition Board Structure and Committee Composition As of the date of this proxy statement, our Board of Directors has ten directors and the following four standing committees:
(1) Audit Committee, (2) Compensation and Human Resources Committee, (3) Nomination, Evaluation and Corporate Governance Committee, and (4) Banking and Finance Committee. The membership during the last fiscal year and the
function of each of the committees are described below. Each of the committees operates under a written charter which can be found on the Investor Relations section of our website at investors.viasat.com . During our fiscal year ended
March 31, 2018, the Board held eight meetings During this period, all of the directors attended or participated in at least 75% of the aggregate of the total number of meetings of the Board, and the total number of meetings held by all
committees of the Board, on which each such director served. Although we do not have a formal policy regarding attendance by members of our Board at our annual meeting of stockholders, we encourage the attendance of our directors and director
nominees at our annual meeting, and historically more than a majority have done so. All of our then current directors attended last year’s annual meeting of stockholders. Director | Audit Committee | Compensation and Human Resources Committee | Nomination, Evaluation and Corporate Governance Committee | Banking and Finance Committee
Mark Dankberg | Member
Richard Baldridge | Member
Frank J. Biondi, Jr. | Member | Member | Chair
Robert Johnson | Member | Chair
B. Allen Lay | Member | Member
Jeffrey Nash | Member | Chair
Sean Pak (1)
Varsha Rao | Member
John Stenbit | Member | Member
Harvey White | Chair | Member | Member
Number of Meetings in Fiscal Year 2018 | 5 | 10 | 2 | 2 (1) | Mr. Pak was appointed as a director on January 8, 2018. Audit Committee. The Audit Committee reviews the professional services provided by our independent registered public accounting firm, the
independence of such independent registered public accounting firm from our management, and our annual and quarterly financial statements. The Audit Committee also reviews such other matters with respect to our accounting, auditing and financial
reporting practices and procedures as it may find appropriate or that may be brought to the attention of the Audit Committee. The Board of Directors has determined that each of the members of our Audit Committee is an “audit committee financial
expert” as defined by the rules of the SEC. The responsibilities and activities of the Audit Committee are described in greater detail in the Audit Committee Report. Compensation and Human Resources Committee. The
Compensation and Human Resources Committee is responsible for designing and evaluating Viasat’s compensation plans, policies and programs, including the compensation of our executive officers. In carrying out these responsibilities, the
Compensation and Human Resources Committee is responsible for advising and consulting with the officers regarding managerial personnel and development, and for reviewing and, as appropriate, recommending to the Board of Directors, policies,
practices and procedures relating to the compensation of non-employee directors, executive officers and other managerial employees. The objectives of the Compensation and Human Resources Committee are to encourage high performance, promote
accountability and assure that employee interests are aligned with the interests of our stockholders. For additional information concerning the role and responsibilities of the Compensation and Human Resources Committee, see the Compensation
Discussion and Analysis section of this proxy statement. Nomination, Evaluation and Corporate Governance
Committee. The Nomination, Evaluation and Corporate Governance Committee is responsible for developing and recommending to the Board a set of corporate governance guidelines and
principles, providing oversight of the process for the self-assessment by the Board and each of its committees, reviewing and recommending nominees for election as directors and committee members, conducting the evaluation of our Chief Executive
Officer, and advising the Board with respect to Board and committee composition. 2018 Proxy Statement 7 Table of Contents CORPORATE GOVERNANCE PRINCIPLES AND BOARD MATTERS • Director Nomination Process Banking and Finance Committee. The Banking and Finance Committee oversees certain aspects of corporate finance for the company, and reviews and makes recommendations to the Board about the company’s financial affairs and policies,
including short and long-term financing plans, objectives and principles, borrowings or the issuance of debt and equity securities. Director Nomination Process The Nomination, Evaluation and Corporate Governance Committee is responsible for reviewing and assessing the appropriate skills and characteristics
required of Board members in the context of the current size and membership of the Board. This assessment includes a consideration of personal and professional integrity, experience in corporate management, experience in our industry, experience as
a board member of other publicly-held companies, diversity of expertise, demographic diversity, practical and mature business judgment, and with respect to current directors, performance on the Viasat Board. These factors, and any other
qualifications considered useful by the Nomination, Evaluation and Corporate Governance Committee, are reviewed in the context of an assessment of the perceived needs of the Board at a particular point in time. As a result, the priorities and
emphasis of the Nomination, Evaluation and Corporate Governance Committee with regard to these factors may change from time to time to take into account changes in our business and other trends, as well as the portfolio of skills and experience of
current and prospective Board members. In recommending candidates for election to the Board of Directors, the Nomination, Evaluation and
Corporate Governance Committee considers nominees recommended by directors, management and stockholders using the same criteria to evaluate all candidates. The Nomination, Evaluation and Corporate Governance Committee reviews each candidate’s
qualifications, including whether a candidate possesses any of the specific qualities and skills desirable in certain members of the Board. Evaluations of candidates generally involve a review of background materials, internal discussions and
interviews with selected candidates as appropriate. Upon selection of a qualified candidate, the Nomination, Evaluation and Corporate Governance Committee recommends the candidate for consideration by the full Board of Directors. The Nomination,
Evaluation and Corporate Governance Committee may engage consultants or third party search firms to assist in identifying and evaluating potential nominees. The Nomination, Evaluation and Corporate Governance Committee will consider candidates recommended by any stockholder who has held our common stock for at least one year and who holds a minimum of 1% of our outstanding shares. When
submitting candidates for nomination, stockholders must follow the notice procedures and provide the information specified in the section titled Other Matters. In addition, the recommendation must include the following: (1) the name and address
of the stockholder and the beneficial owner (if any) on whose behalf the nomination is proposed, (2) a detailed resume of the nominee, and the signed consent of the nominee to serve if elected, (3) the stockholder’s reason for making
the nomination, including an explanation of why the stockholder believes the nominee is qualified for service on our Board, (4) proof of the number of shares of our common stock owned by the record owner and the beneficial owner (if any) on
whose behalf the record owner is proposing the nominee, (5) a description of any arrangements or understandings between the stockholder, the nominee and any other person regarding the nomination, (6) a description of any material interest
of the stockholder and the beneficial owner (if any) on whose behalf the nomination is proposed, and (7) information regarding the nominee that would be required to be included in our proxy statement by the rules of the SEC, including the
nominee’s age, business experience, directorships, and involvement in legal proceedings during the past ten years. Communications with the Board Any stockholder wishing to communicate with any of our directors regarding corporate matters may
write to the director, c/o General Counsel, Viasat, Inc., 6155 El Camino Real, Carlsbad, California 92009. The General Counsel will forward such communications to each member of our Board of Directors; provided that, if in the opinion of the General
Counsel it would be inappropriate to send a particular stockholder communication to a specific director, such communication will only be sent to the remaining directors. Certain correspondence such as spam, junk mail, mass mailings, product
complaints or inquiries, job inquiries, surveys, business solicitations or advertisements, or patently offensive or otherwise inappropriate material may be forwarded elsewhere within the company for review and possible response. 8 Table of Contents PROPOSAL 1: Election of Directors Overview The authorized number of directors is presently ten. In accordance with our certificate of incorporation, we divide our
Board of Directors into three classes, with each class consisting, as nearly as may be possible, of one-third of the total number of directors. We elect one class of directors to serve a three-year term at
each annual meeting of stockholders. At this year’s annual meeting of stockholders, we will elect three Class I directors to hold office until the 2021 annual meeting. At next year’s annual meeting of stockholders, we will elect four Class
II directors to hold office until the 2022 annual meeting, and the following year, we will elect three Class III directors to hold office until the 2023 annual meeting. Thereafter, elections will continue in a similar manner at subsequent annual
meetings. Each elected director will continue to serve until his or her successor is duly elected or appointed. The Board of Directors
unanimously nominated Frank J. Biondi, Jr., Robert Johnson and John Stenbit as Class I nominees for election to the Board. Unless proxy cards are otherwise marked, the persons named as proxies will vote all proxies received “FOR” the election of Mr. Biondi, Mr. Johnson and Mr. Stenbit. If any director nominee is unable or unwilling to serve as a nominee at the time of the annual meeting, the persons named as proxies may vote either (1) for a substitute
nominee designated by the present Board to fill the vacancy or (2) for the balance of the nominees, leaving a vacancy. Alternatively, the Board may reduce the size of the Board. The Board has no reason to believe that any of the nominees will
be unable or unwilling to serve if elected as a director. The following table sets forth for each nominee to be elected at the annual
meeting and for each director whose term of office will extend beyond the annual meeting, the age of each nominee or director, the positions currently held by each nominee or director with Viasat, the year in which each nominee’s or
director’s current term will expire, and the class of director of each nominee or director. Name | Age | Position with Viasat | Term Expires | Class
Mark Dankberg | 63 | Chairman and Chief Executive Officer | 2020 | III
Richard Baldridge | 60 | Director, President and Chief Operating Officer | 2019 | II
Frank J. Biondi, Jr. | 73 | Director | 2018 | I
Robert Johnson | 68 | Director | 2018 | I
B. Allen Lay | 83 | Director | 2019 | II
Jeffrey Nash | 70 | Director | 2019 | II
Sean Pak | 45 | Director | 2019 | II
Varsha Rao | 48 | Director | 2020 | III
John Stenbit | 78 | Director | 2018 | I
Harvey White | 84 | Director | 2020 | III 2018 Proxy Statement 9 Table of Contents PROPOSAL 1 • Election of Directors Class I Directors Nominated for Election at this Annual Meeting Frank J. Biondi, Jr. Director Since: 2015 | Frank J. Biondi, Jr. has served as a director of Viasat since 2015. Mr. Biondi currently serves as Senior Managing Director of WaterView Advisors LLC, a private equity fund specializing in media, a position he has held since 1999. Prior to joining WaterView Advisors, Mr. Biondi was Chairman and CEO of Universal Studios from 1996 through 1998, served as President and CEO of Viacom Inc. from 1987 to 1996, and served as Chairman and CEO of Coca Cola Television and an Executive Vice President of the Entertainment Business Sector of the Coca Cola Company from 1985 through 1987. Mr. Biondi currently serves on the board of directors of The Madison Square Garden Company (NYSE: MSG). Mr. Biondi previously served on the boards of directors of Amgen, Inc., from 2002 until 2017, of Seagate Technology PLC from 2005 to 2017, of Cablevision Systems Corporation from 2005 until 2016, of RealD Inc. from 2010 until 2016, of Hasbro, Inc. from 2002 until 2015, of Yahoo! Inc. from 2008 until 2010, and of Harrah’s Entertainment from 2002 to 2008. He is a graduate of Princeton University and earned an M.B.A. degree from Harvard University. Mr. Biondi provides our Board with leadership expertise and expansive board experience resulting from his top executive and director roles at various corporations in the television and entertainment industries. Robert Johnson Director Since: 1986 | Robert Johnson has been a director of Viasat since 1986. Mr. Johnson has worked in the venture capital industry since 1980, and has acted as an independent investor and served on the board of directors of a number of entrepreneurial companies since 1983. Mr. Johnson has also taught classes at the Stanford Graduate School of Business, Stanford Department of Engineering, Caltech, UCLA Anderson School of Management and the Claremont Graduate School. Mr. Johnson earned B.S. and M.S. degrees in Electrical Engineering from Stanford University, and M.B.A. and D.B.A. degrees from the Harvard Business School. Mr. Johnson provides our Board with significant business and corporate finance expertise as a result of his role as an investor in companies in various industries. John Stenbit Director Since: 2004 | John Stenbit has been a director of Viasat since 2004, and is a consultant for various government and commercial clients. From 2001 to his retirement in 2004, Mr. Stenbit served as the Assistant Secretary of Defense for Command, Control, Communications, and Intelligence, or C3I, and later as Assistant Secretary of Defense of Networks and Information Integration / Department of Defense Chief Information Officer, the C3I successor organization. From 1977 to 2001, Mr. Stenbit worked for TRW, Inc., retiring as Executive Vice President. Mr. Stenbit was a Fulbright Fellow and Aerospace Corporation Fellow at the Technische Hogeschool, Einhoven, Netherlands. Mr. Stenbit has chaired the Science Advisory Panel for the Administrator of the Federal Aviation Administration and to the Director of the Central Intelligence Agency. He also has significant expertise and perspective as a member of the boards of directors of private and public companies in various industries. Mr. Stenbit currently serves on the boards of directors of Loral Space & Communications Inc. (Nasdaq: LORL) and DGI Holdings Inc., a private corporation. Mr. Stenbit previously served as a director of Cogent, Inc., SM&A Corporation and SI International, Inc., as a member of the Advisory Board of the National Security Agency, and as a consultant to the Science Advisory Group of the U.S. Strategic Command. Mr. Stenbit provides our Board with significant technological, defense and national security expertise as a result of his distinguished career of corporate and government service focused on the communications, aerospace and satellite fields. 10 Table of Contents PROPOSAL 1 • Election of Directors Class II Directors with Terms Expiring in 2019 Richard Baldridge Director Since: 2016 | Richard Baldridge has been a director of Viasat since 2016. Mr. Baldridge joined Viasat in April 1999, serving as our Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Chief Operating Officer from 2000 and as our Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer from 2002. Mr. Baldridge assumed his current role as President and Chief Operating Officer in 2003. Mr. Baldridge was elected to the Board of Directors of Viasat in 2016. In addition, Mr. Baldridge serves as a director of Ducommun Incorporated (NYSE: DCO), a provider of engineering and manufacturing services to the aerospace and defense industries, and EvoNexus, a San Diego based non-profit technology incubator. Prior to joining Viasat, Mr. Baldridge served as Vice President and General Manager of Raytheon Corporation’s Training Systems Division from January 1998 to April 1999. From June 1994 to December 1997, Mr. Baldridge served as Chief Operating Officer and Chief Financial Officer for Hughes Information Systems and Hughes Training Inc., prior to their acquisition by Raytheon in 1997. Mr. Baldridge’s other experience includes various senior financial and general management roles with General Dynamics Corporation. Mr. Baldridge holds a B.S.B.A. degree in Information Systems from New Mexico State University. Mr. Baldridge provides our Board with significant operational and financial expertise based on his roles at Viasat and other companies. B. Allen Lay Director Since: 1996 | B. Allen Lay has been a director of Viasat since 1996. From 1983 to 2001, he was a General Partner of Southern California Ventures, a venture capital company. From 2001 to the present, he has acted as a consultant to the venture capital industry. Mr. Lay also has significant expertise and perspective as a member of the boards of directors of companies in various industries, including software and hardware. Mr. Lay formerly served as the President and Chief Operating Officer of CADO Systems, Inc., and Chief Executive Officer of Meridian Data Inc. and Westbrae Natural Inc. He has served on a number of boards of directors of both private and public companies, and currently serves on the board of directors of Carley Lamps, LLC. Mr. Lay provides our Board with significant business and financial expertise due to his background as an investor in companies in various fields. Dr. Jeffrey Nash Director Since: 1987 | Dr. Jeffrey Nash has been a director of Viasat since 1987. Dr. Nash also brings expertise and perspective to our Board from his past service on the boards of directors of private and public companies in multiple technology sectors, including defense and space hardware, consumer electronics, data storage technology, systems analysis and software. After co-founding and managing the growth and sale of start-up companies to Ball Corporation and Conner Peripherals, Inc. (acquired by Seagate Technology, Inc.), Dr. Nash served as a senior R&D executive for both firms. He holds B.S., M.S. and Ph.D. degrees in Engineering, Control Systems, Operations Research and Large-Scale Systems Engineering from UCLA. Dr. Nash provides our Board with industry expertise based on his experience as a spacecraft and missile navigation systems engineer, and with operational and financial expertise gained since 1975 in roles as founder, executive, venture investor, and consultant to high technology companies across diverse fields. Sean Pak Director Since: 2018 | Sean Pak has been a director of Viasat since January 2018. Mr. Pak has been a partner at Quinn Emanuel Urquhart & Sullivan LLP since 2009, and he currently serves as the Co-Chair of its National Intellectual Property Litigation Practice and Co-Managing Partner of the San Francisco office. From 2002 to 2009, Mr. Pak was an attorney at Latham & Watkins LLP, and previously worked in engineering roles at Intel Corporation and the Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT) Artificial Intelligence Laboratory. He is a litigator with extensive experience litigating patents, trade secrets, copyrights and other intellectual property. Mr. Pak received a J.D. degree ( cum laude ) from Harvard Law School, and B.S. and M. Eng. Degrees in Electrical Engineering and Computer Science from MIT. Mr. Pak provides our Board with significant expertise in intellectual property development, strategy and enforcement, along with technological and engineering expertise in satellite systems, electrical engineering and computer science. 2018 Proxy Statement 11 Table of Contents PROPOSAL 1 • Election of Directors Class III Directors with Terms Expiring in 2020 Mark Dankberg Director Since: 1986 | Mark Dankberg is a founder of Viasat and has served as Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer since its inception in May 1986. Mr. Dankberg also serves on the boards of Minnetronix, Inc., a privately-held medical device and design company, and Lytx, Inc., a privately-held company that provides fleet safety management solutions. In addition, Mr. Dankberg was elected to the Rice University Board of Trustees in 2013, and was a member of the board of directors of REMEC, Inc. from 1999 to 2010. Prior to founding Viasat, he was Assistant Vice President of M/A-COM Linkabit, a manufacturer of satellite telecommunications equipment, from 1979 to 1986, and Communications Engineer for Rockwell International Corporation from 1977 to 1979. Mr. Dankberg holds B.S.E.E. and M.E.E. degrees from Rice University. Mr. Dankberg provides our Board with significant operational, business and technological expertise in the satellite and communications industry, and intimate knowledge of the issues facing our management. Varsha Rao Director Since: 2017 | Varsha Rao has been a director of Viasat since 2017. Ms. Rao has served as Chief Operating Officer of Clover Health Inc., a health insurance technology company, since September 2017. From 2013 to 2016, Ms. Rao served as the Head of Global Operations at Airbnb, Inc., a global travel marketplace. From 2011 to 2013, she served as the Senior Vice President International of LivingSocial, Inc. (owned by Groupon), an online marketplace for daily deals. From 2008 to 2011, Ms. Rao served as the Chief Executive Officer of SingTel Digital Media Pte Ltd., an online search and lifestyle portal and wholly-owned subsidiary of SingTel. From 2004 to 2008, she served as Vice President and General Manager of OldNavy.com, an e-commerce division of Gap, Inc. She also previously founded and sold Eve.com, an online beauty retailer, and served as an Engagement Manager at McKinsey & Co., a consulting company. Ms. Rao earned a B.A. degree in Mathematics and a B.S. degree in Economics from the University of Pennsylvania, and an M.B.A. degree from the Harvard Business School. Ms. Rao provides our Board with significant international e-commerce, media and telecommunications expertise due to her background and leadership roles focused on those disciplines at various companies. Harvey White Director Since: 2005 | Harvey White has been a director of Viasat since 2005. Since 2004, Mr. White has served as Chairman of (SHW)2 Enterprises, a privately-held firm that consults primarily in the wireless communications field. Prior to (SHW)2 Enterprises, Mr. White founded Leap Wireless International, Inc. in 1998 and was its Chairman and Chief Executive Officer until 2004. Prior to Leap, he was a co-founder of QUALCOMM Incorporated (Nasdaq: QCOM) in 1985 where he held various positions including director, President, Chief Operating Officer and Vice Chairman. He served as a director, Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer of Linkabit Corporation from 1978 to 1985. Mr. White currently serves on the board of directors of the Brain Corporation, a private robotics software company, and CycloPure, Inc., a private micro-pollutants chemistry company. He previously served on the board of directors of Applied Micro Circuits Corporation (Nasdaq: AMCC) and Motive, Inc. Mr. White attended West Virginia Wesleyan College and Marshall University where he earned a B.A. degree in Economics. Mr. White provides our Board with significant first-hand operational, management and leadership experience as an executive of large, complex global organizations in the technology industry. Recommendation of the Board The Board of Directors unanimously recommends that you vote “ FOR ” the election of Mr. Biondi, Mr. Johnson and Mr. Stenbit. 12 Table of Contents PROPOSAL 2: Ratification of Appointment of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm Overview The Audit Committee has selected PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP as Viasat’s independent registered public accounting firm for our fiscal year ending March 31, 2019. PricewaterhouseCoopers has served as our independent
registered public accounting firm since the fiscal year ended March 31, 1992. Representatives of PricewaterhouseCoopers are expected to be present at the annual meeting, will have an opportunity to make a statement if they so desire and will be
available to respond to appropriate questions. Stockholder ratification of the selection of PricewaterhouseCoopers as our independent
registered public accounting firm is not required by our bylaws or otherwise. However, we are submitting the selection of PricewaterhouseCoopers to the stockholders for ratification as a matter of good corporate practice. If the selection is not
ratified, the Audit Committee will reconsider whether or not to retain PricewaterhouseCoopers, and may retain that firm or another without re-submitting the matter to the stockholders. Even if the selection is
ratified, the Audit Committee may, in its discretion, direct the appointment of a different firm at any time during the year if it determines that such a change would be in the best interests of the company and its stockholders. Principal Accountant Fees and Services The following is a summary of the fees billed by PricewaterhouseCoopers for professional services rendered for the fiscal years ended March 31, 2018
and March 31, 2017: Fee Category | FY 2018 Fees ($) | FY 2017 Fees ($)
Audit Fees | 2,920,389 | 2,776,094
Audit-Related Fees | 377,699 | —
Tax Fees | 40,855 | 28,356
All Other Fees | 42,994 | 44,699
Total Fees | 3,381,937 | 2,849,149 Audit
Fees. This category includes the audit of our annual consolidated financial statements and the audit of our internal control over financial reporting, review of
financial statements included in our Form 10-Q quarterly reports, and services that are normally provided by the independent registered public accounting firm in connection with statutory and regulatory
filings or engagements. Audit-Related
Fees. This category consists of assurance and related services provided by PricewaterhouseCoopers that are reasonably related to the performance of the audit or review
of our consolidated financial statements, and are not reported above as Audit Fees. These services include accounting consultations in connection with acquisitions, and consultations concerning financial accounting and reporting standards. Tax Fees. This category
consists of professional services rendered by PricewaterhouseCoopers, primarily in connection with tax compliance, tax planning and tax advice activities. These services include assistance with the preparation of tax returns, claims for refunds,
value added tax compliance, and consultations on state, local and international tax matters. All Other
Fees. This category consists of fees for products and services other than the services reported above, including fees for subscription to PricewaterhouseCoopers’
online research tool. 2018 Proxy Statement 13 Table of Contents PROPOSAL
2 • Ratification of Appointment of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm Pre-Approval Policy of the Audit Committee The Audit Committee has established a policy that all audit and permissible non-audit services provided by
our independent registered public accounting firm will be pre-approved by the Audit Committee. These services may include audit services, audit-related services, tax services and other services. The Audit
Committee considers whether the provision of each non-audit service is compatible with maintaining the independence of the independent registered public accounting firm. Pre-approval is detailed as to the particular service or category of services and is generally subject to a specific budget. The independent registered public accounting firm and management are required to
periodically report to the Audit Committee regarding the extent of services provided by the independent registered public accounting firm in accordance with this pre-approval policy, and the fees for the
services performed to date. During fiscal year 2018, the fees paid to PricewaterhouseCoopers shown in the table above were pre-approved in accordance with this policy. Recommendation of the Board The Board of Directors unanimously recommends that you vote “ FOR ” the ratification of the appointment of PricewaterhouseCoopers as
Viasat’s independent registered public accounting firm for fiscal year 2019. 14 Table of Contents PROPOSAL 3: Advisory Vote On Executive Compensation Overview We are providing Viasat stockholders with an opportunity to cast an advisory
vote to endorse or not endorse the compensation of our Named Executive Officers (identified in the Summary Compensation Table) as disclosed in this proxy statement in accordance with the SEC’s compensation disclosure rules. This proposal,
commonly known as a “say-on-pay” proposal, gives our stockholders the opportunity to express their views on the design and effectiveness of our executive
compensation program. This vote is not intended to address any specific item of compensation, but rather the overall compensation of our Named Executive Officers and the compensation philosophy, policies and practices described in this proxy
statement. At our last annual meeting of stockholders held in September 2017, a majority of the votes cast on the say-on-pay proposal were voted in favor of the proposal. Our Board of Directors believes this affirms stockholders’ support of Viasat’s approach to executive
compensation. During fiscal year 2018, we engaged in conversations with stockholders representing more than a majority of our total outstanding shares to proactively understand their perspectives on our compensation philosophy and to address any
concerns. Following those discussions, we implemented a performance-based equity program to further align executive compensation with long-term stockholder interests. For more information on the introduction of our performance-based equity program,
see the Compensation Discussion and Analysis section of this proxy statement. Consistent with Viasat’s compensation philosophy
described more fully in the Compensation Discussion and Analysis section of this proxy statement, our executive compensation program has been designed to encourage high performance, promote accountability and align the interests of our executive
officers with the interests of our stockholders by linking a substantial portion of their total direct compensation to our performance. The program is designed to reward superior performance and provide financial consequences for underperformance.
The program is also designed to attract, retain and motivate a talented team of executive officers with superior ability, experience and leadership to grow our business and build stockholder value. We urge our stockholders to read the Compensation
Discussion and Analysis section of this proxy statement, which describes in more detail how our compensation policies and procedures operate and are designed to achieve our compensation objectives, as well as the Summary Compensation Table and other
related compensation tables and disclosure, which provide detailed information on the compensation of our Named Executive Officers. We believe that our executive compensation program fulfills these objectives and that the compensation of our Named
Executive Officers is instrumental in contributing to Viasat’s long-term success. We request stockholder approval, on an advisory
basis, of the compensation of Viasat’s Named Executive Officers, as disclosed in Viasat’s proxy statement for the 2018 annual meeting of stockholders pursuant to the compensation disclosure rules of the SEC, including the Compensation
Discussion and Analysis, the Summary Compensation Table and the other related compensation tables and disclosure. While this advisory
vote is non-binding, our Board of Directors values the opinions that our stockholders express in their votes and will, as a matter of good corporate practice, take into account the outcome of the vote when
considering future compensation decisions. Consistent with the preference of our stockholders as reflected in our prior non-binding
advisory vote on the frequency of future say-on-pay votes, we will continue to hold a say-on-pay advisory vote on an annual basis unless otherwise disclosed. Following this year’s advisory vote, the next scheduled say-on-pay advisory vote will
take place at our 2019 annual meeting of stockholders. Recommendation of the Board The Board of Directors unanimously recommends that you vote “ FOR ” the approval of the compensation of the Named Executive Officers
as disclosed in this proxy statement. 2018 Proxy Statement 15 Table of Contents PROPOSAL 4: Amendment and Restatement of The 1996 Equity Participation Plan Overview We are requesting that our stockholders approve the amendment and restatement of our existing 1996 Equity Participation Plan, or the Equity Plan. In
this proxy statement, we sometimes refer to the proposed amended and restated 1996 Equity Participation Plan as the Restated Equity Plan. On June 19, 2018, our Board of Directors approved the Restated Equity Plan, subject to stockholder
approval at the annual meeting. The Restated Equity Plan will become effective on the day of the annual meeting, assuming approval of this Proposal 4 by our stockholders. Summary of Material Amendments. The
Restated Equity Plan will implement the following material changes: • | Increase in Share Reserve. If approved by the stockholders, the Restated Equity Plan will provide for an increase of 2,800,000 shares over the number of shares of common stock currently available for issuance under the Equity Plan. As of June 29, 2018, approximately 1,909,065 shares remained available for issuance under the Equity Plan, which is insufficient to meet our forecasted needs during the next year. After carefully forecasting our anticipated employee growth rate for the next few years, we believe that this increase will be sufficient for at least one years’ worth of equity-based grants under our current compensation program. • | Extension of Time Period for Granting Incentive Stock Options. The Restated Equity Plan will permit the granting of stock options that are intended to qualify as incentive stock options, or ISOs, as defined under Section 422 of the Code, through June 19, 2028. • | Removal of 162(m) Provisions . Section 162(m) of the Internal Revenue Code, or the Code, prior to the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017, or the TCJA, allowed performance-based compensation that met certain requirements to be tax deductible regardless of amount. This qualified performance based compensation exception was repealed as part of the TCJA. We have removed certain provisions from the Restated Equity Plan which were otherwise required for awards to qualify as performance-based compensation under the Section 162(m) exception prior to its repeal. Awards granted prior to November 2, 2017 may be grandfathered under the old law subject to certain limited transition relief. • | Increase in Annual Award Limits . The Restated Equity Plan increases the limits on the number of shares of common stock subject to awards that may be granted to any one individual per fiscal year. Under the Restated Equity Plan, not more than 1,000,000 shares may be subject to options or stock appreciation rights for any one individual per fiscal year (increased from 500,000 shares under the Equity Plan). The Restated Equity Plan also has an individual award limit of 300,000 shares per fiscal year for grants of restricted stock, performance awards, dividend equivalents, restricted stock units and stock payments except for grants made upon initial service of an employee, which have an award limit of 600,000 shares (which limits were 150,000 and 300,000 shares, respectively, under the Equity Plan). In addition, the maximum aggregate amount of cash that may be paid in cash to any one person during any fiscal year with respect to one or more awards initially payable in cash shall be $5,000,000 (which limit was $1,000,000 under the Equity Plan). Stockholder Approval Requirement. In
general, stockholder approval of the Restated Equity Plan will implement the foregoing changes while (1) complying with the terms of the Equity Plan regarding amendments, (2) meeting the stockholder approval requirements of Nasdaq, and
(3) preserving our ability to grant stock options under the Restated Equity Plan that are intended to qualify as ISOs. If this
Proposal 4 is not approved, the Restated Equity Plan will not become effective, the existing Equity Plan will continue in full force and effect, and we may continue to grant awards under the Equity Plan, subject to its terms, conditions and
limitations, using the shares of our common stock available for issuance thereunder. The Board recommends that you vote
“FOR” the Restated Equity Plan. Why You Should Vote for the Restated Equity Plan Equity Incentive Awards Are an Important Part of Our Compensation Philosophy. Our equity compensation plans are critical to our ongoing effort to build stockholder value. As discussed in the Compensation Discussion and Analysis section of this proxy statement,
equity incentive awards are central to our compensation program. Our Board of Directors and its Compensation and Human Resources Committee believe that our ability to grant equity incentive awards to new and existing employees, non-employee
directors and eligible consultants has helped us attract, retain and motivate world-class talent. Historically, we have primarily granted stock options and restricted stock unit awards because these forms of equity compensation provide a strong
retention value and incentive for our employees to work to grow the business and build 16 Table of Contents PROPOSAL 4 • Amendment and Restatement of The 1996 Equity Participation Plan stockholder value, and are attractive to employees who share the
entrepreneurial spirit that has made Viasat a success. Beginning in fiscal year 2018, our executive officers received a combination of restricted stock units and performance-based stock options as we believe the form of these awards continues to
drive strong retention value while promoting further alignment with stockholder interests by motivating them to achieve superior performance results. We believe our strategy is working. During the last two years, our employee turnover rate, inclusive of both voluntary and involuntary turnover, has averaged 7.9%, which is much lower than the annual 20.9% employee turnover rate for
similar industries as reported in the Q1 2018 Radford Trends Report. Also, our equity incentive program is broad-based, which has worked
to build stockholder value by attracting and retaining extraordinarily talented employees. We believe we must continue to offer a competitive equity compensation plan in order to attract and motivate the world-class talent necessary for our
continued growth and success. As of June 29, 2018, 47.7% of our employees held outstanding equity awards and all eight of our non-employee directors held outstanding equity awards. The Equity Plan Will No Longer Have Shares Available for
Grant. Under our current forecasts, the Equity Plan will run out of shares available for grant in less than one year, and we will not be able to continue to grant
equity to our employees, non-employee directors and consultants unless our stockholders approve the Restated Equity Plan. This assumes we continue to grant awards consistent with our historical usage and current practices, as reflected in our
historical burn rate discussed below. While we could increase cash compensation if we are unable to grant equity incentives, we anticipate that we will have difficulty attracting, retaining and motivating our employees if we are unable to grant
equity awards to them. Equity-based grants are a more effective compensation vehicle than cash at a growth-oriented, entrepreneurial company because they align employee and stockholder interests, while minimizing impact on current income and cash
flow. We Manage Our Equity Incentive Award Use Carefully. We manage our long-term stockholder dilution by limiting the number of equity awards granted annually. The Compensation and Human Resources Committee carefully monitors our total
dilution and equity expense to ensure that we maximize stockholder value by granting only the appropriate number of equity awards necessary to attract, reward and retain our talented employees. The following table summarizes the equity awards
outstanding and shares of our common stock available for grant under our existing Equity Plan and the Viasat, Inc. Employee Stock Purchase Plan, or the ESPP, in each case as of June 29, 2018, and the proposed increase in shares authorized for
issuance under the Restated Equity Plan: Equity Compensation Plans as of June 29, 2018 Number of Shares | As a % of Shares Outstanding (1) | Dollar Value (2)
Equity Plan
Options outstanding (3) | 2,256,900 | 3.8% | $ | 148,323,468
Weighted average exercise price of outstanding options | $63.98
Weighted average remaining term of outstanding options | 3.38 years
Restricted stock units outstanding | 2,804,702 | 4.7% | $ | 184,325,015
Shares available for grant (4) | 1,909,065 | 3.2% | $ | 125,463,752
Proposed increase in shares available for future issuance under Restated Equity Plan (over existing share reserve under Equity Plan) | 2,800,000 | 4.7% | $ | 184,016,000
Employee Stock Purchase Plan
Shares available for grant | 645,552 | 1.1% | $ | 42,425,677 (1) | Based on 59,527,520 shares of Viasat common stock outstanding as of June 29, 2018. (2) | Based on the closing price per share of Viasat common stock on June 29, 2018 ($65.72). (3) | Includes 497,500 performance-based stock options granted in November 2017 (based on “target” level of performance). Performance-based stock options may be eligible to vest at 175% of the “target” award levels at “maximum” performance. (4) | For purposes of calculating the shares that remain available for grant under the Equity Plan, each “full value” award is counted using the applicable ratio as specified in the Equity Plan and performance-based stock options are calculated assuming “maximum” performance. In fiscal years 2018, 2017
and 2016, our annual gross burn rates under the Equity Plan were 2.94%, 3.17% and 3.29%, respectively (calculated by dividing (1) the number of shares subject to equity awards granted during the applicable fiscal year by (2) the weighted-average
number of shares outstanding during such fiscal year). If we multiply each “full-value award” by a multiplier of 2.50 (consistent with the methodology employed by certain proxy advisory firms), the “adjusted” annual gross burn
rates under the Equity Plan would be 5.08%, 6.60% and 6.86% for fiscal years 2018, 2017 and 2016, respectively. Our three- 2018 Proxy Statement 17 Table of Contents PROPOSAL
4 • Amendment and Restatement of The 1996 Equity Participation Plan year average
“adjusted” gross burn rate of 6.18% during this period approximates the applicable ISS burn rate benchmark of 6.16% for non-S&P 500, Russell 3000 Technology Hardware and Equipment companies. As
permitted under the burn rate calculation policy published by ISS, the foregoing burn rate calculations exclude the performance-based stock options granted during fiscal year 2018. In fiscal year 2018, we issued performance-based stock options to
purchase an aggregate of 497,500 shares of our common stock at “target” performance, which represents 0.85% of the weighted-average number of shares outstanding during fiscal year 2018. In fiscal years 2018, 2017 and 2016, our end of year equity overhang rates for the Equity Plan were 12.35%, 9.36% and 14.25%, respectively
(calculated by dividing (1) the number of shares subject to equity awards outstanding at the end of the applicable fiscal year plus the number of shares remaining available for issuance under the Equity Plan at the end of such fiscal year by
(2) the number of our shares outstanding at the end of such fiscal year). If approved, the issuance of the additional 2.8 million shares to be reserved under the Restated Equity Plan would dilute the holdings of stockholders by an
additional 4.70%, based on the number of shares of Viasat common stock outstanding as of June 29, 2018. In requesting approval of
the Restated Equity Plan, we are asking stockholders for a pool of shares for at least one years’ worth of equity-based grants under our current compensation program to provide a predictable but competitive amount of equity for attracting,
retaining and motivating employees, non-employee directors and consultants as we continue to grow. We cannot predict our future equity grant practices, the future price of our shares or future hiring activity with any degree of certainty at this
time, and the share reserve under the Restated Equity Plan could last for a shorter or longer time. The Board of Directors will not create a subcommittee to evaluate the risks and benefits for issuing the additional authorized shares requested. The Restated Equity Plan Combines Compensation and Governance Best Practices. The Restated Equity Plan includes provisions that are designed to protect our stockholders’ interests and to reflect corporate governance “best practices” including: • | Continued broad-based eligibility for equity awards. We grant equity awards to a significant number of our employees. By doing so, we link employee interests with stockholder interests throughout the organization and motivate our employees to act as owners of the business. • | Stockholder approval is required for additional shares . The Restated Equity Plan does not contain an annual “evergreen” provision. The Restated Equity Plan authorizes a fixed number of shares, so that stockholder approval is required to increase the maximum number of shares of our common stock which may be issued under the Restated Equity Plan. • | No discount stock options or stock appreciation rights. All stock options and stock appreciation rights will have an exercise price equal to or greater than the fair market value of our common stock on the date the stock option or stock appreciation right is granted. To date we have not granted any stock appreciation rights. • | Minimum vesting provision. The Restated Equity Plan imposes a minimum one-year vesting requirement on all equity awards, with limited exceptions. • | No single-trigger vesting of awards. The Restated Equity Plan does not have any single-trigger accelerated vesting provisions for changes in control. • | Limitations on awards. Not more than 1,000,000 shares may be subject to options or stock appreciation rights for any one individual per fiscal year. The Restated Equity Plan also has an individual award limit of 300,000 shares per fiscal year for grants of restricted stock, performance awards, dividend equivalents, restricted stock units and stock payments (except for grants made upon initial service of an employee, which have an award limit of 600,000 shares). In addition, the maximum aggregate amount of cash that may be paid in cash to any one person during any fiscal year with respect to one or more awards initially payable in cash shall be $5,000,000. • | Repricing is not allowed. The Restated Equity Plan prohibits the repricing or other exchange of underwater stock options and stock appreciation rights for new awards or cash without prior stockholder approval. • | Reasonable limit on full value awards. For purposes of calculating the shares that remain available for issuance under the Restated Equity Plan, grants of options and stock appreciation rights will be counted as the grant of one share for each one share actually granted, as described above. However, to protect our stockholders from potentially greater dilutive effect of full value awards, all grants of full value awards will be counted against the Restated Equity Plan’s share reserve as 2 shares for each share subject to full value awards granted prior to September 22, 2010 and subsequent to September 19, 2012, and as 2.65 shares for each share subject to full value awards granted during the period beginning on September 22, 2010 and ending on September 19, 2012. • | Reasonable share counting provisions. In general, when awards granted under the Restated Equity Plan expire or are canceled, or are settled in cash, or when the shares subject to a full value award are forfeited by the holder or withheld or repurchased by us, including to satisfy any tax withholding obligation with respect to such full value award, the shares reserved for those awards will be returned to the share reserve and be available for future awards in an amount 18 Table of Contents PROPOSAL 4 • Amendment and Restatement of The 1996 Equity Participation Plan corresponding to the reduction in the share reserve previously made with respect to such award (provided that shares tendered by the holder or withheld by us to satisfy any tax withholding obligation with respect to a full value award at a tax withholding rate in excess of the minimum tax withholding obligation shall not be added back to the share reserve to the extent in excess of such minimum tax withholding obligation). However, the following shares will not be returned to the share reserve under the Restated Equity Plan: (1) shares of common stock that are delivered by the grantee or withheld by us as payment of the exercise price in connection with the exercise of an option or payment of the tax withholding obligation in connection with any option or stock appreciation right; (2) shares purchased on the open market with the cash proceeds from the exercise of options; and (3) shares subject to a stock appreciation right that are not issued in connection with the stock settlement of the stock appreciation right on its exercise. • | Limitations on dividend and dividend equivalent payments on unvested awards. Dividends and dividend equivalents may not be paid on awards subject to vesting conditions unless and until such conditions are met. • | No tax gross-ups . The Restated Equity Plan does not provide for any tax gross-ups. Summary of the Restated Equity Plan The following is a summary of the Restated Equity Plan. This summary does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference
to the full text of the Restated Equity Plan, a copy of which is attached as Appendix A to this proxy statement. General Nature and Purpose. The Restated Equity Plan was adopted (1) to further our growth, development and financial
success by providing additional incentives to some of our key employees who have been or will be given responsibility for the management or administration of our business affairs, by assisting them to become owners of our capital stock and thus to
benefit directly from our growth, development and financial success, and (2) to enable us to retain the services of the type of professional, technical and managerial employees considered essential to our long-range success, by providing and
offering them the opportunity to become owners of our capital stock. The Restated Equity Plan provides for the grant to our executive officers, other key employees, consultants and non-employee directors of a
broad variety of stock-based compensation alternatives such as non-qualified stock options, incentive stock options, restricted stock, restricted stock units, dividend equivalents, stock payments, stock
appreciation rights and performance awards. Administration. The Compensation and Human Resources Committee of the Board of Directors will administer the Restated Equity Plan. The full Board of Directors will administer the Restated Equity Plan
with respect to awards to non-employee directors. The Compensation and Human Resources Committee and the Board of Directors, as applicable, are referred to in this summary as the plan administrator. In
addition to administering the Restated Equity Plan, the plan administrator is also authorized to adopt, amend and rescind rules relating to the administration of the Restated Equity Plan. Shares Subject to Restated Equity
Plan. The Equity Plan currently provides for the issuance of up to 29,050,000 shares of our common stock (of which 1,909,065 shares remain available for issuance as of
June 29, 2018) and, if this Proposal 4 is approved, the Restated Equity Plan will provide for the issuance of up to 31,850,000 shares of our common stock. Under the terms of the Restated Equity Plan, the shares available for issuance may be
used for all types of awards under a fungible pool formula. Pursuant to this fungible pool formula, the available share reserve will be reduced by one share for every one share subject to an option or a stock appreciation right. Full value awards
will be counted against the Restated Equity Plan’s available share reserve as 2 shares for each share subject to full value awards granted prior to September 22, 2010 and subsequent to September 19, 2012, and as 2.65 shares
for each share subject to full value awards granted during the period beginning on September 22, 2010 and ending on September 19, 2012. The payment of dividend equivalents in cash in conjunction with any outstanding awards will not be
counted against the shares available for issuance under the Restated Equity Plan. If (1) any award under the Restated Equity Plan
expires or is cancelled without having been fully exercised or paid or such award is settled for cash, (2) any shares subject to a full value award are forfeited by the holder or repurchased by us, or (3) any shares are tendered by the
holder or withheld by us to satisfy any tax withholding obligation with respect to a full value award, then the shares subject to such award may, to the extent of such expiration, cancellation, cash settlement, forfeiture or repurchase, be used
again for new grants under the Restated Equity Plan in an amount corresponding to the reduction in the share reserve previously made with respect to such award. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the following shares will not be added to the shares authorized for grant under the Restated Equity Plan:
(1) any shares tendered or withheld to satisfy the exercise price of an option or any tax withholding obligation with respect to an option or stock appreciation right, (2) any shares subject to a stock appreciation right that are not
issued in connection with the stock settlement of the stock appreciation right on its exercise, (3) any shares purchased on the open market with the cash proceeds from the exercise of options, and (4) any shares tendered by the holder or
withheld by us to satisfy any tax withholding obligation with respect to a full value award at a tax withholding rate in excess of the minimum tax withholding obligation, to the extent in excess of such minimum tax withholding obligation. 2018 Proxy Statement 19 Table of Contents PROPOSAL
4 • Amendment and Restatement of The 1996 Equity Participation Plan The number of shares
subject to the Restated Equity Plan, and the limitations on the number of shares subject to grants and awards under the Restated Equity Plan, may in the discretion of the plan administrator be adjusted to reflect changes in our capitalization or
certain corporate events which are described more fully in the Restated Equity Plan, but include stock splits, recapitalizations, reorganizations and reclassifications. In the event of an equity restructuring, (1) the number and type of
securities subject to each outstanding award and the grant or exercise price per share for each outstanding award, if applicable, will be proportionately adjusted, and (2) the plan administrator will make proportionate adjustments to reflect
such equity restructuring with respect to the aggregate number and type of shares that may be issued under the Restated Equity Plan (including, but not limited to, adjustments of the number of shares available under the plan and the maximum number
of shares which may be subject to awards to a participant during any fiscal year). Under the Restated Equity Plan, not more than
1,000,000 shares may be subject to options or stock appreciation rights for any one individual per fiscal year. The Restated Equity Plan also has an individual award limit of 300,000 shares per fiscal year for grants of restricted
stock, performance awards, dividend equivalents, restricted stock units and stock payments (except for grants made upon initial service of an employee, which has an award limit of 600,000 shares). In addition, the maximum aggregate amount of
cash that may be paid in cash to any one person during any fiscal year with respect to one or more awards initially payable in cash shall be $5,000,000. Eligibility. Any employee, consultant or non-employee director selected by the
plan administrator is eligible to receive equity awards under the Restated Equity Plan. The plan administrator, in its absolute discretion, will determine (1) among the eligible participants the individuals to whom awards are to be granted,
(2) the number of shares to be granted, and (3) the terms and conditions of the awards. As of June 29, 2018, outstanding equity awards have been issued to 2,481 of our approximately 5,200 employees, to one of our approximately twenty
consultants, and to all eight of our non-employee directors under the Equity Plan. Purchase Price of Optioned Shares. The price per share of the shares subject to each option is set by the plan
administrator. However, the price per share cannot be less than fair market value on the date the option is granted. In the case of incentive stock options granted to an individual then owning more than 10% of the total combined voting power of all
classes of stock of Viasat or any subsidiary or parent corporation of Viasat, the exercise price per share for each such option cannot be less than 110% of the fair market value of a share of common stock on the date the option is granted. On
June 29, 2018, the closing price of Viasat common stock on the Nasdaq Global Select Market was $65.72 per share. Terms of Options. The term of an option is set by the plan administrator in its discretion. However, the term of an option
cannot exceed six years under the Restated Equity Plan. In the case of incentive stock options granted to an individual then owning more than 10% of the total combined voting power of all classes of stock of Viasat, the term may not exceed five
years. Exercise of
Options. Upon the exercise of an option under the Restated Equity Plan, the optionee must make full cash payment to the Corporate Secretary of Viasat for the shares
with respect to which the option, or portion of the option, is exercised. However, the plan administrator may in its discretion allow various forms of payment, which are described in the Restated Equity Plan. Other Stock Awards. The Restated
Equity Plan allows for various other awards including restricted stock, performance awards, dividend equivalents, restricted stock units, stock payments and stock appreciation rights. Except as expressly permitted by the Restated Equity Plan, awards
of restricted stock will have a minimum vesting schedule of three years (except for restricted stock performance awards, which will have a minimum performance period of one year). The term of a stock appreciation right cannot exceed six years under
the Restated Equity Plan and the exercise price per share of a stock appreciation right cannot be less than fair market value on the date the stock appreciation right is granted. Dividends and dividend equivalents may not be paid on awards subject
to vesting conditions unless and until such conditions are met. Director Compensation. During the term of the Restated Equity Plan, a person who is initially elected to the Board of Directors and who is a non-employee director at
that time is automatically granted 3,000 restricted stock units and an option to purchase 9,000 shares of common stock. At each subsequent annual meeting of stockholders, each non-employee director will
automatically be granted 1,600 restricted stock units and an option to purchase 5,000 shares of common stock. The initial equity awards granted to non-employee directors vest in three equal annual installments
on the first three anniversaries of the date of grant. The annual equity award grants to non-employee directors vest in full on the first anniversary of the date of grant. Performance Criteria. Under the
Restated Equity Plan, the plan administrator may grant awards that are paid, vest or become exercisable upon the attainment of performance criteria, which may include, but are not limited to, one or more of the following business criteria with
respect to us, any of which may be measured with respect to our performance or the performance of a division, business unit or an individual: • | net earnings (either before or after one or more of the following: interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization), • | gross or net sales or revenue, • | net income (either before or after taxes), 20 Table of Contents PROPOSAL 4 • Amendment and Restatement of The 1996 Equity Participation Plan • | operating earnings or profit, • | cash flow (including, but not limited to, operating cash flow and free cash flow), • | return on assets, • | return on capital, • | return on stockholders’ equity, • | return on sales, • | gross or net profit or operating margin, • | costs, • | funds from operations, • | expenses, • | working capital, • | earnings per share, or • | price per share of Viasat common stock. The plan administrator shall
select the performance criteria (and any permissible objectively determinable adjustments) for each performance award for purposes of establishing the performance goal(s) applicable to such performance award for the designated performance period.
With regard to a particular performance period, the plan administrator will have the discretion to select the length of the performance period, the type of performance-based awards to be granted, and the performance goals that will be used to
measure the performance for the period. Minimum Vesting Requirement. The Restated Equity Plan contains a minimum vesting period which provides that no award agreements will provide for vesting of the award thereunder earlier than one year after the
applicable grant date; provided, however, that the Compensation Committee may accelerate the vesting of an award in the case of a participant’s termination of service, death or disability, or a Corporate Transaction or Change in Control (each
as defined in the Restated Equity Plan or in the applicable award agreement), notwithstanding such minimum vesting provisions; and provided further that, awards granted after the effective date of the Restated Equity Plan that cover, in the
aggregate, no more than 5% of the shares of common stock reserved for issuance under the Restated Equity Plan may be granted without regard to such minimum vesting provisions. No Repricing. The Restated Equity
Plan prohibits the repricing or other exchange of underwater stock options or stock appreciation rights for new awards or cash without prior stockholder approval. Amendment and Termination of the
Plan. The Restated Equity Plan may be wholly or partially amended or otherwise modified, suspended or terminated at any time or from time to time by the plan
administrator. However, without approval of the stockholders of Viasat, (1) the Restated Equity Plan may not be amended to (a) increase the maximum number of shares issuable upon exercise of equity awards granted under the Restated Equity
Plan, or (b) increase the annual award limits applicable to participants, and (2) no action of the plan administrator may be taken that would otherwise require stockholder approval as a matter of applicable law, regulation or rule. The
Restated Equity Plan will continue until terminated by the plan administrator. No incentive stock options may be granted under the Restated Equity Plan after June 19, 2028. Securities Laws. The Restated Equity
Plan is intended to comply with all provisions of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and any and all regulations and rules promulgated by the SEC thereunder, including, without limitation,
Rule 16b-3. U.S. Federal Income Tax Consequences The following is a general discussion of the principal federal income tax considerations for both Viasat and the recipients of the various awards
under the Restated Equity Plan, and is based upon the tax laws and regulations of the United States existing as of the date hereof, all of which are subject to modification at any time. The following discussion is intended for general information
only. The tax consequences described below are subject to the limitations of Section 162(m) of the Code, as discussed in further detail below. Alternative minimum tax and other federal taxes and foreign, state and local income taxes are not
discussed, and may vary depending on individual circumstances and from locality to locality. Consequences to
Employees: Incentive Stock Options. No income is recognized for federal income tax purposes by an optionee at the time an incentive stock option is granted, and, except as
discussed below, no income is recognized by an optionee upon his or her exercise of an incentive stock option. If the optionee makes no disposition of the common stock received upon exercise of an incentive stock option within two years from the
date such option was granted or one year from the date the option is exercised, the optionee will recognize capital gain or loss when he or she disposes of the common stock. This gain or loss generally will be measured by the difference between the
exercise price of the option and the amount 2018 Proxy Statement 21 Table of Contents PROPOSAL
4 • Amendment and Restatement of The 1996 Equity Participation Plan received for the
common stock at the time of disposition. The exercise of an incentive stock option will give rise to an item of adjustment that may result in alternative minimum tax liability for the optionee. If the optionee disposes of the common stock acquired
upon exercise of an incentive stock option within two years after being granted the option or within one year after acquiring the common stock, any amount realized from such disqualifying disposition will be taxable as ordinary income in the year of
disposition to the extent that (1) the lesser of (a) the fair market value of the shares on the date the incentive stock option was exercised or (b) the fair market value at the time of such disposition exceeds (2) the incentive
stock option exercise price. Any amount realized upon disposition in excess of the fair market value of the shares on the date of exercise will be treated as long or short-term capital gain, depending upon the length of time the shares have been
held. Consequences to Employees: Non-Qualified Stock
Options. No income is recognized for federal income tax purposes by an optionee at the time a non-qualified stock option is
granted. In general, at the time shares of common stock are issued to an optionee pursuant to exercise of a non-qualified stock option, the optionee will recognize ordinary income equal to the excess of the
fair market value of the shares on the date of exercise over the exercise price. An optionee will recognize gain or loss on the subsequent sale of common stock acquired upon exercise of a non-qualified stock
option in an amount equal to the difference between the selling price and the tax basis of the common stock, which will include the price paid plus the amount included in the optionee’s income by reason of the exercise of the non-qualified stock option. Provided the shares of common stock are held as a capital asset, any gain or loss resulting from a subsequent sale will be short-term or long-term capital gain or loss depending upon the
length of time the shares have been held. Consequences to Viasat: Incentive Stock Options. We will not be allowed a deduction for federal income tax purposes at the time of the grant or exercise of an incentive stock option. There are also no federal income tax consequences
to us as a result of the disposition of common stock acquired upon exercise of an incentive stock option if the disposition is not a disqualifying disposition. At the time of a disqualifying disposition by an optionee, we will be entitled to a
deduction for the amount received by the optionee to the extent that such amount is taxable to the optionee as ordinary income. Consequences to Viasat: Non-Qualified Stock Options. Generally, we will be
entitled to a deduction for federal income tax purposes in the year and in the same amount as the optionee is considered to have realized ordinary income in connection with the exercise of a non-qualified stock option. Restricted
Stock. Generally, a participant in the Restated Equity Plan will not be taxed upon the grant or purchase of restricted stock that is subject to a “substantial
risk of forfeiture,” within the meaning of Section 83 of the Code, until such time as the restricted stock is no longer subject to the substantial risk of forfeiture. At that time, the participant will be taxed on the difference between
the fair market value of the common stock and the amount the participant paid, if any, for such restricted stock. However, the recipient of restricted stock under the Restated Equity Plan may make an election under Section 83(b) of the Code to
be taxed with respect to the restricted stock as of the date of transfer of the restricted stock rather than the date or dates upon which the restricted stock is no longer subject to a substantial risk of forfeiture and the participant would
otherwise be taxable under Section 83 of the Code. Viasat will be eligible for a tax deduction as a compensation expense at the time the participant recognizes ordinary income equal to the amount of income recognized. Stock Appreciation Rights. A
participant will not be taxed upon the grant of a stock appreciation right. Upon the exercise of the stock appreciation right, the participant will recognize ordinary income equal to the amount of cash or the fair market value of the stock received
upon exercise. At the time of exercise, Viasat will be eligible for a tax deduction as a compensation expense equal to the amount that the participant recognizes as ordinary income. Performance Awards, Dividend Equivalents, Restricted Stock Units and Stock Payments. A participant will have ordinary income upon receipt of stock or cash payable under a performance award, dividend equivalents, restricted stock units and stock payments. Viasat will
be eligible for a tax deduction as a compensation expense equal to the amount of ordinary income recognized by the participant. Section 162(m). Under Section 162(m) of the Code, in general, income tax deductions of publicly-traded companies
may be limited to the extent total compensation (including base salary, annual bonus, stock option exercises and non-qualified benefits paid in 1994 and thereafter) for certain “covered employees”
exceeds $1 million in any one taxable year. Prior to the TCJA, covered employees generally consisted of our chief executive officer and each of the next three highest compensated officers serving at the end of the taxable year other than our
chief financial officer, and the deduction limit did not apply to certain “performance-based” compensation established by an independent compensation committee which conformed to certain restrictive conditions stated under the Code and
related regulations. As part of the TCJA, the ability to rely on this exemption was, with certain limited exceptions, eliminated, and the definition of covered employees was expanded to generally include all named executive officers. Certain awards
under the Equity Plan granted prior to November 2, 2017 may be grandfathered from the changes made by the TCJA under certain limited transition relief, however, for grants after that date and any grants which are not grandfathered, we will no longer
be able to take a deduction for any compensation in excess of $1 million that is paid to a covered employee. There is no guarantee that any awards will be eligible for the transition relief or that we will be able to take a deduction for any
compensation in excess of $1 million that is paid to a covered employee under the Equity Plan or the Restated Equity Plan. 22 Table of Contents PROPOSAL 4 • Amendment and Restatement of The 1996 Equity Participation Plan New Plan Benefits The number of awards that an eligible individual may receive under the Restated Equity Plan is in the discretion of the Board of Directors or the
Compensation and Human Resources Committee and therefore cannot be determined in advance. As noted above, the Restated Equity Plan provides for automatic grants of restricted stock unit awards and stock options to non-employee directors. Other than these automatic awards, neither the Compensation and Human Resources Committee nor the Board of Directors has made any determination to grant any awards to any persons under
the Restated Equity Plan as of the date of this proxy statement. For illustrative purposes only, the following table sets forth the aggregate number of shares subject to restricted stock unit awards and stock options granted under the Equity Plan
during the last fiscal year to the following individuals and groups. Name or Group | Number of Shares Subject to Restricted Stock Units Granted (#) | Number of Shares Underlying Options Granted (#) (1)
Mark Dankberg | 46,667 | 140,000
Richard Baldridge | 37,500 | 112,500
Shawn Duffy | 10,000 | 30,000
Keven Lippert | 15,000 | 45,000
Ken Peterman | 10,000 | 30,000
All current executive officers, as a group (14 persons) (2) | 170,633 | 497,500
All current directors who are not executive officers, as a group (8 persons) | 17,200 | 53,000
All other employees, as a group | 978,529 | — (1) | For purposes of the table above, performance-based stock options are included at “target” levels. Performance-based stock options may be eligible to vest at 175% of the “target” award levels at “maximum” performance. For a more detailed discussion of the performance-based stock options, see the “Executive Compensation” section below. (2) | Includes equity awards to Marc Agnew and David Ryan, who were appointed as executive officers in fiscal year 2019. Recommendation of the Board The Board of Directors unanimously recommends that you vote “ FOR ” the amendment and restatement of the Equity Plan. 2018 Proxy Statement 23 Table of Contents OWNERSHIP OF SECURITIES Beneficial Ownership Table The following table sets forth information known to us regarding the ownership of Viasat common stock as of June 29, 2018 by (1) each director,
(2) each of the Named Executive Officers identified in the Summary Compensation Table, (3) all directors and executive officers of Viasat as a group, and (4) all other stockholders known by us to be beneficial owners of more than 5%
of Viasat common stock. Name of Beneficial Owner (1) | Amount and Nature of Beneficial Ownership (2) | Percent Beneficial Ownership (%) (3)
Directors and Officers:
Mark Dankberg | 2,030,300 | (4) | 3.4
Robert Johnson | 705,296 | (5) | 1.2
Richard Baldridge | 446,307 | (6) | *
Jeffrey Nash | 337,565 | (7) | *
B. Allen Lay | 336,613 | (8) | *
Shawn Duffy | 81,137 | (9) | *
Harvey White | 79,200 | (10) | *
Keven Lippert | 71,880 | (11) | *
Ken Peterman | 53,687 | (12) | *
John Stenbit | 38,400 | (13) | *
Frank J. Biondi, Jr. | 25,200 | (14) | *
Varsha Rao | 4,000 | (15) | *
Sean Pak | — | *
All directors and executive officers as a group (22 persons) | 4,948,348 | 8.1
Other 5% Stockholders:
The Baupost Group, L.L.C. | 13,158,137 | (16) | 22.1
BlackRock, Inc. | 5,968,682 | (17) | 10.0
FPR Partners, LLC | 5,607,828 | (18) | 9.4
Southeastern Asset Management, Inc. | 5,405,625 | (19) | 9.1
The Vanguard Group | 4,677,318 | (20) | 7.9 * | Less than 1%. (1) | This table shows beneficial ownership of our common stock as calculated under SEC rules, which specify that a person is the beneficial owner of securities if that person has sole or shared voting or investment power. Except as indicated in the footnotes to this table and pursuant to applicable community property laws, to our knowledge, the persons named in the table have sole voting and investment power with respect to all shares of common stock beneficially owned. Unless otherwise indicated, the address of each person or entity named below is c/o Viasat, Inc., 6155 El Camino Real, Carlsbad, California 92009. (2) | In computing the number of shares beneficially owned by a person named in the table and the percentage ownership of that person, shares of common stock that such person had the right to acquire within 60 days after June 29, 2018 are deemed outstanding, including without limitation, upon the exercise of options or the vesting of restricted stock units. These shares are not, however, deemed outstanding for the purpose of computing the percentage ownership of any other person. References to options in the footnotes of the table include only options to purchase shares that were exercisable within 60 days after June 29, 2018 and references to restricted stock units in the footnotes of the table include only restricted stock units that are scheduled to vest within 60 days after June 29, 2018. (3) | For each person included in the table, percentage ownership is calculated by dividing the number of shares beneficially owned by such person by the sum of (a) 59,527,520 shares of common stock outstanding on June 29, 2018 plus (b) the number of shares of common stock that such person had the right to acquire within 60 days after June 29, 2018. (4) | Includes (a) 399,000 shares subject to options exercisable by Mr. Dankberg within 60 days after June 29, 2018, (b) 78,912 shares held by the Dankberg Family Foundation, (c) 1,550,518 shares held by the Dankberg Family Trust, and (d) 587,049 shares pledged as collateral in a brokerage margin account. With respect to the shares pledged by Mr. Dankberg, it should be noted that (i) Mr. Dankberg’s pledged shares are not designed to shift or hedge any economic risk associated with his ownership of Viasat common stock, (ii) the total number of shares of Viasat common stock pledged under this margin account arrangement constituted only 1.0% of the total 24 Table of Contents OWNERSHIP OF SECURITIES • Beneficial Ownership Table outstanding shares of Viasat common stock as of June 29, 2018, (iii) the maximum aggregate principal amount of advances secured by Mr. Dankberg’s pledged shares is $9.5 million, which, based on the closing price of Viasat common stock on June 29, 2018, would be equivalent to only approximately 144,553 shares of Viasat common stock, and (iv) Mr. Dankberg has advised us that he has the financial capacity to meet a margin call or repay any advance under his margin agreement without resort to the pledged shares. (5) | Includes (a) 25,000 shares subject to options exercisable by Mr. Johnson within 60 days after June 29, 2018, and (b) 680,296 shares held by the Robert W. Johnson Revocable Trust dated 8/13/1992. (6) | Includes (a) 241,075 shares subject to options exercisable by Mr. Baldridge within 60 days after June 29, 2018, (b) 202,780 shares held by the Richard and Donna Baldridge Family Trust, and (c) 18,000 shares pledged as collateral in a brokerage margin account. With respect to the shares pledged by Mr. Baldridge, it should be noted that (i) Mr. Baldridge’s pledged shares are not designed to shift or hedge any economic risk associated with his ownership of Viasat common stock, (ii) the total number of shares of Viasat common stock pledged under this margin account arrangement constituted only 0.03% of the total outstanding shares of Viasat common stock as of June 29, 2018, (iii) the maximum aggregate principal amount of advances secured by Mr. Baldridge’s pledged shares is approximately $0.6 million, which, based on the closing price of Viasat common stock on June 29, 2018, would be equivalent to only approximately 9,100 shares of Viasat common stock, and (iv) Mr. Baldridge has advised us that he has the financial capacity to meet a margin call or repay any advance under his margin agreement without resort to the pledged shares. (7) | Includes (a) 25,000 shares subject to options exercisable by Dr. Nash within 60 days after June 29, 2018, and (b) 312,565 shares held by the Nash Family Trust n/d/t 3/18/1980. (8) | Includes (a) 20,000 shares subject to options exercisable by Mr. Lay within 60 days after June 29, 2018, and (b) 186,026 shares and 130,587 shares held by Lay Ventures, L.P. and the Lay Living Trust, respectively. (9) | Includes 55,000 shares subject to options exercisable by Ms. Duffy within 60 days after June 29, 2018. (10) | Includes (a) 20,000 shares subject to options exercisable by Mr. White within 60 days after June 29, 2018, (b) 58,200 shares held by the Harvey P. and Sheryl L. White Trust, and (c) 1,000 shares held by The Sheryl & Harvey White Foundation. (11) | Includes 68,750 shares subject to options exercisable by Mr. Lippert within 60 days after June 29, 2018. (12) | Includes 31,625 shares subject to options exercisable by Mr. Peterman within 60 days after June 29, 2018. (13) | Includes (a) 22,200 shares subject to options exercisable by Mr. Stenbit within 60 days after June 29, 2018, and (b) 16,200 shares held by THE PIETJE 2012 GIFT TRUST. (14) | Includes (a) 19,000 shares subject to options exercisable by Mr. Biondi within 60 days after June 29, 2018, and (b) 6,200 shares held by The Biondi Family Trust dated July 20, 2001. (15) | Includes (a) 3,000 shares subject to options exercisable by Ms. Rao within 60 days after June 29, 2018, and (b) 1,000 shares subject to restricted stock units that are scheduled to vest within 60 days after June 29, 2018. (16) | Based solely on information contained in a Schedule 13G jointly filed with the SEC on February 14, 2017 by The Baupost Group, L.L.C. (Baupost), SAK Corporation and Seth A. Klarman. Such Schedule states that Baupost, SAK Corporation and Mr. Klarman have shared voting and dispositive power over 13,158,137 shares. Baupost is a registered investment adviser and acts as an investment adviser and general partner to certain private investment limited partnerships. SAK Corporation is the manager of Baupost. Mr. Klarman is the sole director and sole officer of SAK Corporation and a controlling person of Baupost. The address of Baupost, SAK Corporation and Mr. Klarman is 10 St. James Avenue, Suite 1700, Boston, Massachusetts 02116. (17) | Based solely on information contained in a Schedule 13G filed with the SEC on April 6, 2018 by BlackRock, Inc. Such Schedule states that BlackRock has sole voting power over 5,858,049 shares and sole dispositive power over 5,968,682 shares. The address of BlackRock, Inc. is 55 East 52nd Street, New York, New York 10055. (18) | Based solely on information contained in a Schedule 13G jointly filed with the SEC on February 14, 2018 by FPR Partners, LLC (FPR), Andrew Raab and Bob Peck. Such Schedule states that FPR, Mr. Raab and Mr. Peck have shared voting and dispositive power over 5,607,828 shares. FPR is a registered investment adviser and acts as an investment manager to certain limited partnerships. Mr. Raab and Mr. Peck are the senior managing members of FPR. The address of FPR, Mr. Raab and Mr. Peck is 199 Fremont Street, Suite 2500, San Francisco, California 94105. (19) | Based solely on information contained in a Schedule 13G jointly filed with the SEC on February 13, 2018 by Southeastern Asset Management, Inc. (Southeastern), Longleaf Partners Small-Cap Fund (Longleaf) and O. Mason Hawkins. Such Schedule states that Southeastern and Longleaf have shared voting and dispositive power over 3,763,727 shares, that Southeastern has sole voting power over 1,280,623 shares, no voting power over 361,275 shares and sole dispositive power over 1,641,898 shares, and that Mr. Hawkins does not have shared voting power or shared dispositive power with respect to any shares. Southeastern is a registered investment adviser and acts as an investment adviser to Longleaf, an investment company. All of the securities reported are owned legally by Southeastern’s investment advisory clients. Mr. Hawkins is the chairman of the board and chief executive officer of Southeastern. The address of Southeastern, Longleaf and Mr. Hawkins is 6410 Poplar Avenue, Suite 900, Memphis, Tennessee 38119. (20) | Based solely on information contained in a Schedule 13G filed with the SEC on February 9, 2018 by The Vanguard Group (Vanguard). Such Schedule states that Vanguard has sole voting power over 61,369 shares, shared voting power over 10,789 shares, sole dispositive power over 4,609,712 shares and shared dispositive power over 67,606 shares. The address of Vanguard is 100 Vanguard Boulevard, Malvern, Pennsylvania 19355. 2018 Proxy Statement 25 Table of Contents OWNERSHIP OF
SECURITIES • Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance Section 16(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 requires our directors, executive officers and holders of more than 10% of Viasat common
stock to file reports of ownership and changes in ownership with the SEC. These persons are required to furnish us with copies of all forms that they file. Based solely on our review of copies of these forms in our possession, or in reliance upon
written representations from our directors and executive officers, we believe that all of our directors, executive officers and greater than 10% stockholders complied with the Section 16(a) filing requirements during the fiscal year ended March
31, 2018. 26 Table of Contents EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION QUICK REFERENCE GUIDE: Page
COMPENSATION DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS | 27
Business Overview and Fiscal Year 2018 Performance Highlights | 27
Overview and Objectives of Executive Compensation Program | 28
Compensation Objectives | 28
Decision-Making Process and Criteria | 29
Components of Our Compensation Program | 31
Additional Information | 36
Stock Ownership Guidelines | 36
Hedging, Short Sale and Pledging Policies | 36
Tax and Accounting Considerations | 36 Page
COMPENSATION COMMITTEE REPORT | 37
COMPENSATION TABLES | 38
Summary Compensation Table | 38
Grants of Plan-Based Awards in Fiscal Year 2018 | 39
Outstanding Equity Awards at 2018 Fiscal Year End | 40
Option Exercises and Stock Vested in Fiscal Year 2018 | 41
Pension Benefits | 41
Non-Qualified Deferred Compensation | 41
Potential Payments Upon Termination | 41 Compensation Discussion and Analysis Mark Dankberg Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer Richard Baldridge Director, President and Chief Operating Officer Shawn Duffy Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Keven Lippert Executive Vice President, Corporate Development and Chief Administrative Officer Ken Peterman Senior Vice President and President, Government Systems | The following Compensation Discussion and Analysis provides information regarding the compensation program in place for our executive officers, including the Named Executive Officers identified in the Summary Compensation Table, during our 2018 fiscal year. In particular, this Compensation Discussion and Analysis provides information related to our performance and each of the following aspects of our executive compensation program: • overview and objectives of our executive compensation program, • explanation of our executive compensation decision-making processes and criteria, • description of the components of our executive compensation program, and • discussion of how each component fits into our overall compensation objectives. Business Overview and Fiscal Year 2018 Performance Highlights We are an innovator in broadband technologies and services. Our end-to-end platform of high-capacity Ka-band satellites, ground infrastructure and user terminals enables us to provide
cost-effective, high-speed, high-quality broadband solutions to enterprises, consumers and government users around the globe, whether on the ground, on the move or in flight. In addition, we develop and provide advanced wireless communications
systems, secure networking systems and cybersecurity and information assurance products and services. Our product, system and service offerings are often linked through common underlying technologies, customer applications and market relationships.
We believe that our portfolio of products and services, combined with our ability to effectively cross-deploy technologies between government and commercial segments and across different geographic markets, provides us with a strong foundation to
sustain and enhance our leadership in advanced communications and networking technologies. We are also investing heavily in our development of next-generation broadband satellite technologies, to expand our addressable markets and help us realize
our mission to become the first truly global internet service provider. 2018 Proxy Statement 27 Table of Contents EXECUTIVE
COMPENSATION • Compensation Discussion and Analysis Performance Highlights In fiscal year 2018, we delivered strong financial results and achieved key strategic and developmental objectives, including: • | Successful launch of commercial broadband services on our ViaSat-2 satellite, enabling Viasat to be the first satellite internet service provider to offer plans with download speeds up to 100 Mbps in select geographic regions; • | Record revenue and profitability of our government systems segment despite a challenging defense environment; • | Continued disruption of the in-flight connectivity, or IFC, market, with 635 commercial aircraft in service utilizing our IFC systems as of the end of fiscal year 2018 and our IFC systems expected to be installed on approximately 955 additional aircraft under existing agreements with commercial airlines; • | Completion of critical pre-flight testing milestones for the first two ViaSat-3 class satellites, which resulted in Viasat and Boeing entering into the phase of full construction of the satellites. We anticipate commencing construction on a third ViaSat-3 class satellite in the future, and expect that our ViaSat-3 class satellite constellation will allow Viasat to become the first truly global internet service provider. Investing in our Future We believe that our strong financial growth, our track record in our government systems segment, and our success in disrupting the IFC market
validate our unique business models, and the value and effectiveness of our historical research and development, or R&D, investments. As a result, we are currently making substantial R&D investments that we believe will sustain and
accelerate our growth, cash flow generation and profitability in the years to come. These investments have allowed us to achieve key milestones in the development and construction of the first two satellites in our planned global constellation of ViaSat-3 class satellites. Each ViaSat-3 class satellite is expected to have substantial advantages in capacity and geographic coverage relative to current generation
satellites, and to offer enhanced ability to flexibly allocate bandwidth in real-time to efficiently address the geographic markets with the greatest demand or strategic value. As the capacity, data throughput speeds and geographic coverage areas of our satellite systems continue to increase with each generation of our
high-capacity satellite design, we expect the addressable markets for our technologies, products and services to similarly expand. Higher capacity, more flexible satellites allow us to offer cost-effective solutions that allow greater data usage at
faster speeds, thereby enabling us to better compete against other broadband technologies (including terrestrial technologies) over large geographic areas, including on a global scale once our ViaSat-3 class
satellite constellation is complete. In addition, the coverage, density and dynamic bandwidth allocation of our next-generation broadband satellites will allow us to pursue attractive new opportunities, such as the maritime market (which shares many
of the same characteristics as the commercial air mobility market in which we have been successful), and to further expand existing businesses, such as our community Wi-Fi hotspot business. Although it will
take a few years until we realize all of the benefits of these technology investments, we believe that they uniquely position us to capitalize on future opportunities to grow our business and create significant stockholder value. Overview and Objectives of Executive Compensation Program Compensation Objectives The objectives of our executive compensation program are premised on the following three fundamental principles, each of which is discussed below:
(1) a significant portion of executive compensation should be performance-based, linking the achievement of company financial objectives and individual objectives; (2) the financial interests of our executive management and our
stockholders should be aligned; and (3) the executive compensation program should be structured so that we can compete in the marketplace in hiring and retaining top level executives with compensation that is competitive and fair. Because our
executive compensation program is designed to reward prudent business judgment and promote disciplined progress towards longer-term company goals, we believe that our balanced compensation policies and practices do not encourage unnecessary and
excessive risk-taking by employees that could reasonably be expected to have a material adverse effect on us. Performance-Based Compensation. We
strongly believe that a significant amount of executive compensation should be designed to reward superior performance, and we believe that our executive officers should be accountable for the overall performance of our business as well as their
individual performance. To achieve this objective, we have structured our compensation program so that executive compensation is tied, in large part, directly to both company-wide and individual performance. For example, and as discussed
specifically below, annual bonuses are based on, among other things, pre-established corporate financial performance metrics and operational targets, and individual performance. Also, during fiscal year 2018,
we introduced performance-based stock options as a significant component of our long-term incentives for our executive officers, as described below. Alignment with Stockholder Interests. We believe that executive compensation and stockholder interests should be linked,
and our compensation program is designed so that the financial interests of our executive officers are closely aligned with the interests of our stockholders. We accomplish this objective in multiple ways. First, our Named Executive Officer
compensation 28 Table of Contents EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION • Compensation Discussion and Analysis is linked to achievement of rigorous financial and operational performance goals. Second, we have adopted stock ownership guidelines that require
our executive officers to own a significant amount of Viasat stock. Third, we have introduced performance-based stock options, which provide our executive officers with an opportunity to earn a number of stock options based, in part, on
Viasat’s total stockholder return relative to the total stockholder return of the companies that comprise the S&P MidCap 400 Index over a four-year performance period and, in part, based on continued service for that performance period. Structure Allows Competitive and Fair Compensation Packages. We believe our success depends to a significant degree on our ability to attract and retain highly skilled personnel. Stockholders are accordingly best served when we can attract and
retain talented executives with compensation packages that are competitive and fair. Therefore, we strive to create compensation packages for executive officers that deliver compensation that is comparable to the total compensation delivered by the
companies with which we compete for executive talent. Decision-Making Processes and Criteria The Compensation and Human Resources Committee is responsible for determining our overall executive compensation philosophy, and
for evaluating and recommending all components of executive officer compensation to our Board of Directors for approval. The Compensation and Human Resources Committee acts under a written charter adopted and approved by our Board and may, in its
discretion, obtain the assistance of outside advisors, including compensation consultants, legal counsel and accounting and other advisors. Each member of our Compensation and Human Resources Committee qualifies as a “non-employee director” within the meaning of Rule 16b-3 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, and as independent within the meaning of the
corporate governance standards of Nasdaq. A copy of the Compensation and Human Resources Committee charter can be found on the Investor Relations section of our website at investors.viasat.com . In fiscal year 2018, the Compensation and Human Resources Committee again engaged the executive compensation consulting firm, Compensia, to provide
analysis and advice on matters relating to executive officer compensation and benefits practices. After conducting an evaluation using the factors established by the SEC and Nasdaq, the Compensation and Human Resources Committee determined that
Compensia is independent and that there is no conflict of interest resulting from the engagement of Compensia during fiscal year 2018. Because our executive compensation program relies on the use of three relatively straightforward components (base salary, annual bonuses and
long-term equity awards), the process for determining each component of executive compensation remains fairly consistent across each component. In determining each component of executive compensation, the Compensation and Human Resources Committee
generally considers each of the following factors: • | industry compensation data, • | individual performance and contributions, • | company financial and operational performance, • | company strategic positioning, • | total executive compensation, • | affordability of cash compensation based on Viasat’s financial results, • | availability and affordability of shares for equity awards, and • | stockholder feedback, including the results of say-on-pay votes. Industry Compensation Data. As part
of the process of determining executive compensation, the Compensation and Human Resources Committee reviews competitive executive compensation data of relevant companies from across the high tech industry. With the assistance of Compensia, the
Compensation and Human Resources Committee identified a group of companies to reference as a peer group for compensation comparison purposes. For fiscal year 2018 compensation decisions, this peer group consisted of the following companies: Arris
International plc, CenturyLink, Inc., Ciena Corporation, EchoStar Corp., Equinix, Inc., Gogo Inc., Harris Corporation, Intuit Inc., J2 Global, Inc., Mentor Graphics Corp., Nuance Communications, Inc., Rockwell Collins Inc., SBA Communications Corp.,
SOHU Com Inc., Synchronoss Technologies, Inc., T-Mobile US, Inc. and Vonage Holdings Corp. The peer group was selected based on a variety of factors, including industry, revenue, business model and market
capitalization. Additionally, the Compensation and Human Resources Committee believes that this group of companies provides an appropriate peer group because it is comprised of similar organizations against whom we compete to recruit and retain top
quality talent. The Compensation and Human Resources Committee also reviewed competitive market information from the Radford Global Technology survey, a nationally recognized compensation survey containing market information of companies in the
technology industry. This survey was not compiled specifically for Viasat but rather represents a database containing comparative compensation data and information for a broad range of other technology companies, thereby permitting the Compensation
and Human Resources Committee to review aggregated compensation data for positions similar to those held by each executive officer. The survey data provided to the Compensation and Human Resources Committee does not include the particular names of
those companies whose pay practices are 2018 Proxy Statement 29 Table of Contents EXECUTIVE
COMPENSATION • Compensation Discussion and Analysis surveyed with respect to any particular position being reviewed.
Unlike peer group compensation data, which is limited to publicly available information and does not provide precise comparisons for certain positions, the more comprehensive survey data can be used to provide pooled compensation data for positions
closely akin to those held by each executive officer. In addition, the pool of senior executive talent from which we draw, and against which we compare ourselves, extends beyond the limited community of Viasat’s immediate peer group. Rather,
this survey data includes a wide range of other organizations in the technology industry outside of Viasat’s traditional competitors. As a result, the Compensation and Human Resources Committee relies on a combination of industry survey data
published by Radford and peer group compensation data in evaluating our executive compensation. Individual
Performance. The Compensation and Human Resources Committee makes an assessment of individual executive performance and contributions. The individual performance
assessments made by the Compensation and Human Resources Committee are based in part on input from executive management. As part of our executive compensation process, our Chief Executive Officer and President each provide input to the Compensation
and Human Resources Committee on the individual performance and contributions of our executive officers other than themselves. With respect to assessing the individual performance of our Chief Executive Officer, the Compensation and Human Resources
Committee relies on an annual assessment completed by our Nomination, Evaluation and Corporate Governance Committee. In evaluating the performance of our President, the Compensation and Human Resources Committee relies on input from our Chief
Executive Officer. While the Compensation and Human Resources Committee believes input from management and outside advisors is valuable, the Compensation and Human Resources Committee makes its recommendations and decisions based on its independent
analysis and assessment. Company Financial and Operational Performance. A major component of our executive compensation program is the belief that a significant amount of executive compensation should be based on performance, including company financial
and operational performance. These financial and operational performance metrics are important factors considered by the Compensation and Human Resources Committee in determining base salary, annual bonuses and equity awards. Company Strategic Positioning. Given
the importance of the long-term performance of the company, the current strategic positioning of the company is also a significant factor in the assessment of our executive compensation program and the determination of executive compensation
components. The Compensation and Human Resources Committee takes into account the strategic positioning of the company as a basis for determining annual bonuses and other executive compensation. Total Executive Compensation. In
addition to reviewing each component of executive compensation, the Compensation and Human Resources Committee also considers the total direct compensation of each executive officer. This review of total compensation is completed to assure that each
executive officer’s total compensation remains appropriately competitive and continues to meet the compensation objectives described above. Affordability. Prior to completing its executive compensation review and evaluation, the Compensation and Human Resources
Committee confirms that proposed cash compensation is affordable under and consistent with Viasat’s financial results. With respect to equity compensation, the Compensation and Human Resources Committee confirms the availability and
affordability of shares prior to granting the equity awards to our executive officers. To the extent the Compensation and Human Resources Committee determines that a component of executive compensation is not affordable, appropriate adjustments to
that compensation component are made prior to final approval by the Compensation and Human Resources Committee and any subsequent recommendation to the Board. The Role of Stockholder Say-on-Pay Votes. At our most recent annual meeting of stockholders, we conducted a non-binding advisory vote on the compensation of our
Named Executive Officers, commonly referred to as a “say-on-pay” vote, and our stockholders approved the compensation of our Named Executive Officers, with
over 70% of stockholder votes cast in favor of our executive compensation program. As the Compensation and Human Resources Committee evaluated our executive compensation policies and practices throughout fiscal year 2018, they were mindful of the
support and input our stockholders expressed for our compensation philosophy and objectives. As a result, the Compensation and Human Resources Committee decided to introduce performance-based stock option awards as part of the overall compensation
program for our executive officers in fiscal year 2018, which is described in more detail in the below section named “Equity-Based Compensation”. The Compensation and Human Resources Committee will continue to consider the outcome of
future say-on-pay votes and material stockholder feedback when making future compensation decisions for the Named Executive Officers. Determination of Compensation. The
Compensation and Human Resources Committee and the Board hold several meetings each year for the review, evaluation and determination of executive compensation. The Compensation and Human Resources Committee determines and recommends to the Board
the appropriate compensation for each individual executive officer after considering the factors described in the preceding paragraphs. We do not believe that it is appropriate to establish compensation levels solely by benchmarking. Instead, we
rely upon the judgment of our Compensation and Human Resources Committee members in formulating compensation recommendations, after reviewing competitive compensation market data, 30 Table of Contents EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION • Compensation Discussion and Analysis the performance of the company and carefully evaluating an executive officer’s performance during the year against established goals,
leadership qualities, individual contributions, operational results, business responsibilities, experience, career with the company, current compensation arrangements and long-term potential to enhance stockholder value. While competitive
compensation market data paid by other companies is one of the many factors the Compensation and Human Resources Committee and the Board considers in assessing the reasonableness of compensation, we do not attempt to maintain a certain target
percentile within a peer group or otherwise rely entirely on that data to determine executive officer compensation. Instead, we incorporate flexibility into our compensation programs and in the assessment process to respond to and adjust for the
evolving business environment. We strive to achieve an appropriate mix between equity incentive awards and cash payments in order to
meet our objectives and an apportionment goal is not applied rigidly and does not control our compensation decisions. Our mix of compensation components is designed to reward results, align compensation with stockholder interests and fairly
compensate our executive officers through a combination of cash and equity incentive awards. We believe the most important indicator of whether our compensation objectives are being met is our ability to motivate our executive officers to deliver
superior performance and retain them to continue their careers with Viasat on a cost-effective basis. Components of Our Compensation Program The components of our executive compensation program are the following: base salary, annual bonuses, long-term equity-based compensation and certain
other benefits that are generally available to all of our employees. Base Salary. In determining base salary recommendations, the Compensation and Human Resources Committee primarily considers (1) executive compensation survey results from Radford, which
generally reports a compensation range for each position, (2) compensation data of our peer group companies prepared and analyzed by its compensation consultant, and (3) individual performance and contributions. In evaluating individual
executive performance and contributions, the Compensation and Human Resources Committee considers to what extent the executive: • | sustains a high level of performance, • | demonstrates leadership and success in contributing toward Viasat’s achievement of key business and financial objectives, • | contributes significantly to the development and execution of Viasat’s long-term strategy, • | has a proven ability to help create stockholder value, and • | possesses highly developed skills and abilities critical to Viasat’s success. In assessing individual executive performance and contributions for fiscal year 2018 base salary determination purposes, the Compensation and Human Resources Committee considered the individual contributions toward the achievement
of key strategic objectives, such as the development and execution of strategies to facilitate global expansion, development progress on the ViaSat-2 and ViaSat-3 class
satellites and associated ground technologies, performance and growth of our IFC business and strong positioning and growth of our government systems segment. In light of the foregoing, the Compensation and Human Resources Committee recommended to
the Board new base salaries for each of the executive officers. The following table sets forth the base salaries for fiscal years 2017 and 2018 for each of our Named Executive Officers. Fiscal Year 2017 and Fiscal Year 2018 Base Salary Executive | Fiscal Year 2017 Base Salary ($) | Fiscal Year 2018 Base Salary ($) | Percentage Increase (%)
Mark Dankberg | 1,100,000 | 1,175,000 | 6.8
Richard Baldridge | 875,000 | 1,000,000 | 14.3
Shawn Duffy | 490,000 | 525,000 | 7.1
Keven Lippert | 550,000 | 585,000 | 6.4
Ken Peterman | 450,000 | 475,000 | 5.6 Annual
Bonuses. Consistent with our overall compensation objectives of linking compensation to performance, aligning executive compensation with stockholder interests, and
attracting and retaining top level executive officers in our industry, our Compensation and Human Resources Committee approved annual bonuses for fiscal year 2018. Under our executive compensation program, target ranges for annual bonuses are
established and actual award amounts are determined based on the achievement of certain company and individual performance objectives. For fiscal year 2018, the target bonus amount for each Named Executive Officer was determined by the Compensation
and Human Resources Committee primarily based on industry compensation surveys and validated with compensation data from peer group companies. In determining the target bonus amounts, the Compensation and Human Resources Committee also considered
the expected individual contributions of each executive toward the overall success of the company. 2018 Proxy Statement 31 Table of Contents EXECUTIVE
COMPENSATION • Compensation Discussion and Analysis The executive bonus program does not have any pre-established minimum or maximum payout. While the Compensation and Human Resources Committee reviews a targeted range of bonuses for our executive officers for the fiscal year, the Board and the Compensation and
Human Resources Committee retain the discretion to take additional factors into account in determining final annual bonus awards (such as market conditions, key awards, total executive compensation, strategic positioning, additional company
financial metrics or extraordinary individual contributions) and may make adjustments to bonus payouts to the extent appropriate. For
fiscal year 2018, the metrics considered for determining annual bonuses for our Named Executive Officers included Viasat’s annual financial performance and individual performance. The financial objectives set for fiscal year 2018 were based on
the year’s internally-developed financial plan, which was approved by our Board at the beginning of the fiscal year. The individual performance objectives for the executive officers (excluding the Chief Executive Officer and President) were
determined by the Compensation and Human Resources Committee, with the objectives for the executive officers (other than our Chief Executive Officer and President) based on input and recommendations from our Chief Executive Officer and President.
These individual performance objectives are qualitative in nature and each individual executive officer’s attainment of individual performance objectives, while made in the context of such pre-established objectives, is based upon a subjective evaluation of individual performance by the Compensation and Human Resources Committee. The annual performance metrics for determining annual bonuses, both financial and individual, are intended to be
challenging and rigorous but achievable. The table below describes the company financial and individual objectives and weighting of each objective used for determining annual bonuses for our executive officers (other than our Chief Executive Officer
and President) for fiscal year 2018. Fiscal Year 2018 Bonus Objectives Performance Metric | Approximate Weighting (%) | FY 2018 Objective | FY 2018 Actual Results
Financial — Non-GAAP Diluted Net (Loss) Income Per Share Attributable to Viasat, Inc. Common Stockholders (1) | 10 | $(0.20) | $0.04
Financial — Adjusted EBITDA (2) | 12.5 | $270.1 million | $235.0 million
Financial — New Contract Awards | 7.5 | $1,790.7 million | $1,666.6 million
Financial — Total Revenues | 12.5 | $1,688.4 million | $1,594.6 million
Financial — Net Operating Asset Turnover | 7.5 | 6.13 | 8.62
Individual — Contribution Toward Achievement of Company Financial Targets | 30 | — | —
Individual — Achievement of Individual Goals | 20 | — | — (1) | An itemized reconciliation between net income (loss) per share attributable to Viasat, Inc. common stockholders on a GAAP and non-GAAP basis for fiscal year 2018 is set forth below: Fiscal Year Ended March 31, 2018
(In thousands, except per share data)
GAAP net loss attributable to Viasat, Inc. | $ | (67,305)
Amortization of acquired intangible assets | 12,231
Stock-based compensation expense | 68,545
Loss on extinguishment of debt | 10,217
Income tax effect | (21,508)
Non-GAAP net income attributable to Viasat, Inc. | $ | 2,180
Non-GAAP diluted net income per share attributable to Viasat, Inc. common stockholders | $ | 0.04
Shares used in computing diluted net income per share | 58,438 32 Table of Contents EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION • Compensation Discussion and Analysis (2) | We define Adjusted EBITDA as net income (loss) attributable to Viasat, Inc. before interest, income taxes, depreciation and amortization, adjusted to exclude certain significant items as set forth below. We use Adjusted EBITDA to evaluate our operating performance, to allocate resources and capital, to measure performance for incentive compensation programs and to evaluate future growth opportunities. An itemized reconciliation between net income (loss) attributable to Viasat, Inc. and Adjusted EBITDA for fiscal year 2018 is set forth below: Fiscal Year Ended March 31, 2018
(In thousands)
GAAP net loss attributable to Viasat, Inc. | $ | (67,305 | )
Benefit for income taxes | (35,217 | )
Interest expense, net | 3,066
Depreciation and amortization | 255,652
Stock-based compensation expense | 68,545
Loss on extinguishment of debt | 10,217
Adjusted EBITDA | $ | 234,958 For purposes of determining the annual bonus for our Chief Executive Officer in fiscal year 2018, the Compensation
and Human Resources Committee relied on an assessment of our Chief Executive Officer’s performance completed by the Nomination, Evaluation and Corporate Governance Committee. The criteria used by the Nomination, Evaluation and Corporate
Governance Committee for our Chief Executive Officer’s fiscal year 2018 evaluation included the following, with equal weighting (33%) applied to each of the three main categories: • | Company Financial Performance. Non-GAAP diluted net income per share attributable to Viasat, Inc. common stockholders, Adjusted EBITDA, new contract awards, total revenues and net operating asset turnover (at the same levels as set forth in the table above). • | Leadership. Defining, managing and attaining corporate goals, exemplifying and promoting ethics and integrity throughout the company. • | Strategic. Industry positioning, short-term and long-term strategies, measurable progress in key business areas and effective pursuit of growth strategies. As a result, the performance metrics for determining the annual bonus for our Chief Executive Officer consist
of both objective and subjective criteria. Under the objective performance factors, the company was to achieve quantifiable financial performance metrics, as described above. The attainment of our Chief Executive Officer’s leadership and
strategic individual performance factors, while made in the context of the company’s achievement relative to the objective financial criteria described above, was based upon a subjective evaluation of his individual performance by the
Nomination, Evaluation and Corporate Governance Committee. With respect to leadership performance, the Nomination, Evaluation and Corporate Governance Committee determined that Mr. Dankberg achieved, among other things: • | launched new, unified Viasat brand identity to grow market, talent and consumer awareness globally; • | continued progress towards a global constellation of next-generation broadband satellites, with the first two ViaSat-3 class satellites completing critical developmental milestones and entering into the phase of full construction; and • | continued commitment to a culture of ethical leadership with employee engagement at levels surpassing high tech industry benchmarks. In terms of strategic objectives, the Nomination, Evaluation and Corporate Governance Committee noted the following achievements by
Mr. Dankberg during fiscal year 2018, among other things: • | successful launch of commercial broadband services on our next-generation high-capacity ViaSat-2 satellite, which significantly expanded our data throughput capacity and supports the flexible allocation of capacity, enabling us to improve the speed, availability and geographic coverage area of our broadband services and dynamically respond to changing capacity demands across different geographic areas and service offerings; • | continued disruption of the IFC market, with 635 commercial aircraft in service utilizing our IFC systems as of the end of fiscal year 2018 and our IFC systems expected to be installed on approximately 955 additional commercial aircraft under existing customer agreements; • | validated community Wi-Fi hotspot business model in parts of Mexico, with plans for ongoing expansion; and • | record profitability in our government systems segment, including our cybersecurity and information assurance products, and tactical data links business. 2018 Proxy Statement 33 Table of Contents EXECUTIVE
COMPENSATION • Compensation Discussion and Analysis The Compensation and Human Resources Committee considered the
foregoing evaluations in determining Mr. Dankberg’s final annual bonus award recommendation to the Board. Based upon
Viasat’s financial results for fiscal year 2018 relative to the pre-established financial objectives described above and the Compensation and Human Resources Committee’s subjective evaluation of
Viasat’s other corporate achievements during fiscal year 2018 and individual executive performance, the Compensation and Human Resources Committee, acting under delegation of authority from the Board, approved the bonuses in the table below for
our Named Executive Officers for fiscal year 2018. The fiscal year 2018 bonuses for our Named Executive Officers were paid in fiscal year 2019 and in the form of Viasat stock, which was done to help preserve cash to allow us flexibility to pursue
strategic objectives in the future. The Compensation and Human Resources Committee determined that the company’s achievement relative to the pre-established financial objectives described above was
approximately 107%. In making its overall determinations relative to the individual component of each executive’s bonus, the
Compensation and Human Resources Committee placed special emphasis on the leadership provided by the executive team in the achievement of critical non-financial, operational and strategic business objectives
during fiscal year 2018, specifically including each executive officer’s contributions during the fiscal year to the service launch of our ViaSat-2 satellite and development of our ViaSat-3 class satellites, Viasat’s transformation of the IFC market, continued growth in our government systems segment and overall strong strategic positioning, which resulted in the bonus awards reflected in
the following table. Fiscal Year 2018 Bonuses Executive | Target Bonus Range As Percentage of Base Salary (%) | Actual Bonuses ($) (1) | Actual Bonuses As Percentage of Base Salary (%)
Mark Dankberg | 100-125 | 1,335,018 | 114
Richard Baldridge | 100-125 | 1,157,032 | 116
Shawn Duffy | 100-125 | 400,562 | 76
Keven Lippert | 100-125 | 534,020 | 91
Ken Peterman | 100-125 | 534,020 | 112 (1) | For purposes of the fiscal year 2018 annual bonuses, our Compensation and Human Resources Committee determined the total annual bonuses payable to the Named Executive Officers for fiscal year 2018 and then determined to pay all of such bonuses in the form of fully vested shares of our common stock issued under our Equity Plan. The total bonus payable to each Named Executive Officer was converted into a number of shares based on the closing price per share of our common stock on June 1, 2018 ($63.25), and the shares were issued to the Named Executive Officers on that date (less a number of shares with a fair market value on the date of issuance sufficient to cover the applicable tax withholding obligation and withheld by us from the shares issued to the Named Executive Officers). The aggregate number of shares of our common stock issued to the Named Executive Officers in June 2018 in satisfaction of their fiscal year 2018 annual bonuses was as follows (prior to any tax withholding): Mr. Dankberg, 21,107 shares; Mr. Baldridge, 18,293 shares; Ms. Duffy, 6,333 shares; Mr. Lippert, 8,443 shares; and Mr. Peterman, 8,443 shares. Equity-Based
Compensation. Consistent with our belief that equity-based compensation is a key component of an effective executive compensation program at growth-oriented technology
companies, our Board approved (upon recommendation of our Compensation and Human Resources Committee) long-term equity awards to our executive officers in fiscal year 2018. Our Compensation and Human Resources Committee determined equity award
levels for fiscal year 2018 in a manner consistent with the determination of base salary and annual bonuses. The Compensation and Human Resources Committee considered (1) the industry compensation data described above, (2) individual
performance and contributions, (3) total executive compensation, (4) stockholder feedback on our executive pay programs, and (5) the availability and affordability of shares for equity grants in determining equity compensation for executive
officers. In determining the availability and affordability of shares for the 2018 equity incentive awards for the executive officers, the Compensation and Human Resources Committee also considered: • | the peer group data and compensation survey data from Radford, • | the number of shares available for issuance under our equity plan, • | the number of shares budgeted for non-executive equity awards, • | the expected future retention and new hire grants to executives and non-executives, • | annual dilution (burn) rate associated with the grant of equity awards, • | Viasat’s equity overhang levels, • | the estimated accounting expense of potential equity awards, and • | the tax consequences associated with the grant of equity awards. 34 Table of Contents EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION • Compensation Discussion and Analysis Based on the factors discussed above, our Board (upon recommendation from the Compensation and Human Resources Committee) approved equity awards in
a combination of restricted stock units and newly-introduced performance-based stock options for our Named Executive Officers in November 2017. Our Board determined that this combination of equity awards balances executive retention and motivation
while also further promoting the alignment of executive compensation with the creation of long-term stockholder value. Performance-based
stock options were introduced during fiscal year 2018 to promote stockholder value creation over a multi-year period by rewarding our executive officers for long-term stock price appreciation. Our Board selected total stockholder return over a
four-year period as the sole performance metric for the performance-based stock options as our Board members believe total stockholder return is a good indicator of long-term stockholder value creation. Delivering the award in the form of a
performance-based stock option provides for further alignment with stockholders as any stock price gains realized by executives would be in proportion to those realized by our stockholders. Furthermore, as these awards are stock options, if
Viasat’s stock price falls below the exercise price, which is equal to the closing price on the day of grant, any vested stock options would retain no value until the stock price increases above the exercise price. If Viasat’s total stockholder return performance relative to the S&P MidCap 400 index is between the 25th and 100th percentiles after the
four year performance period, the awards will vest between a range of 50% and 175% of target (with the resulting number of stock options that ultimately vest at the end of the performance period referred to as the performance-adjusted options). If
Viasat’s total stockholder return does not meet the minimum performance target of a relative total stockholder return at least at the 25th percentile relative to the S&P MidCap 400 index for the performance period, then no performance-based
stock options will vest and they will be forfeited by the Named Executive Officer. The performance-based stock options are also subject
to a time-based vesting component. A Named Executive Officer will become eligible to vest in 25% of the performance-adjusted options at the end of the performance period on each of the first four anniversaries of the grant date, subject to continued
employment through each such date. In the event of a Named Executive Officer’s termination of employment prior to the end of the performance period, he or she will remain eligible to vest, at the end of the performance period, in such portion
of the performance-adjusted options as had vested as of the date of termination in accordance with the time-based vesting schedule described above (and, in the case of a Named Executive Officer’s death or disability, he or she will be given
full credit under the time-based vesting schedule and will remain eligible to vest in any and all of the performance-adjusted options at the end of the performance period). In the event of a change in control prior to the end of the four-year performance period, the number of performance-adjusted options in which a
Named Executive Officer will be eligible to vest based on the time-based vesting schedule described above will be determined and will be the greater of (1) the “target” number of options subject to the award or (2) the number of
performance-adjusted options determined on the date of the change in control based on the company’s relative total stockholder return compared to the S&P MidCap 400 index for the portion of the performance period ending on the date of the
change in control. Following a change in control, the Named Executive Officers may also be eligible for accelerated vesting of any
portion of the performance-adjusted options (as determined at the time of the change in control) that remain eligible to vest based on continued service after a change in control in accordance with the terms of their change in control severance
agreements, as described below. For more information on the restricted stock units and the performance-based stock options granted
during fiscal year 2018, see the Grants of Plan-Based Awards in Fiscal Year 2018 table below. Equity Grant Process. The company’s general practice is to grant equity awards in approximately 12-month cycles.
Grant approval for executive officers occurs at meetings of the Board. Because of the more extensive process for determining executive equity grants, executive equity grants are not always made
at the same time as grants to all other eligible employees. Additionally, the timing of grants is not coordinated with the release of material non-public information. Stock option awards are priced at fair
market value on the date of grant (as defined under our equity plan) and awards of restricted stock units are also made in accordance with the terms of our equity plan. In addition to grants made as part of our annual equity grant process for our current employees, grants may also be made during the year to
newly-hired employees as part of the in-hire package, as well as to existing employees for purposes of retention, as part of a special incentive program or in recognition of special achievements. In the event
of newly-hired employees or retention and recognition awards to existing employees, those grants are generally made once per quarter. We do not grant “re-load” options, make loans to executives for any purpose, including to exercise stock
options, nor do we grant stock options at a discount. 2018 Proxy Statement 35 Table of Contents EXECUTIVE
COMPENSATION • Compensation Discussion and Analysis Other Benefits We provide a comprehensive benefits package to all of our employees, including our executive officers, which includes medical, dental, vision care,
disability insurance, life insurance benefits, flexible spending plan, 401(k) savings plan, educational reimbursement program, employee assistance program, employee stock purchase plan, holidays and personal time off which includes vacation and sick
days as needed. We do not currently offer defined benefit pension or supplemental executive retirement plans to any of our employees. Perquisites and Other Personal Benefits Certain executive officers also receive access to our sports and golf club memberships. Additional Information Stock Ownership Guidelines To enhance our overall corporate governance practices and executive compensation program, our Board has adopted stock ownership guidelines for our
executive officers. These guidelines are designed to align our executive officers’ interests with our stockholders’ long-term interests by promoting long-term ownership of Viasat common stock, which reduces the incentive for excessive
short-term risk taking. These guidelines provide that, within five years of his or her appointment as an executive officer, our executive officers should attain an investment position in shares of Viasat common stock having a value not less than the
amounts specified below: Executive Officer | Stock Ownership Guideline (as a multiple of base salary)
Chief Executive Officer | Three times
President and Chief Operating Officer | Three times
Other Executive Officers | One time Hedging, Short Sale and Pledging Policies Viasat’s policies prohibit all of our directors and executive officers from trading in put and call options and engaging in short sales with
respect to shares of Viasat common stock. Viasat also strongly discourages any pledges of Viasat common stock that could have any adverse impact on the company. Our policies require all pledges of Viasat common stock by our directors and executive
officers, including the establishment of a margin account containing Viasat common stock, to be pre-cleared by our General Counsel. Tax and Accounting Considerations We select and implement the components of our executive compensation program primarily for their ability to help us achieve the company’s
objectives and not on the basis of any unique or preferential financial tax or accounting treatment. In addition, Section 162(m) of the Internal Revenue Code generally sets a limit of $1.0 million on the amount of annual compensation that
we may deduct for federal income tax purposes for certain covered individuals. We have not adopted a policy requiring that all compensation be deductible, although the Compensation and Human Resources Committee will continue to review the
Section 162(m) deductibility of our compensation arrangements in fiscal year 2018 and future fiscal years. The Compensation and Human Resources Committee retains the discretion to approve compensation that may not qualify for the compensation
deduction if, in light of all applicable circumstances, it would be in our best interest for such compensation to be paid without regard to whether it may be tax deductible. 36 Table of Contents EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION • Compensation Committee Report Compensation Committee Report The Compensation and Human Resources Committee has reviewed and discussed the Compensation Discussion and Analysis with management and, based on
such review and discussions, the Compensation and Human Resources Committee recommended to the Board of Directors that the Compensation Discussion and Analysis be included in this proxy statement. The information contained in this Compensation Committee Report shall not be deemed to be “soliciting material,” to be
“filed” with the SEC or be subject to Regulation 14A or Regulation 14C or to the liabilities of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, and shall not be deemed to be incorporated by reference into any filing of Viasat,
except to the extent that Viasat specifically incorporates it by reference into a document filed under the Securities Act of 1933 or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Respectfully Submitted by the Compensation and Human Resources Committee Jeffrey Nash (Chair) Frank J. Biondi, Jr. Varsha Rao John Stenbit Harvey White 2018 Proxy Statement 37 Table of Contents EXECUTIVE
COMPENSATION • Summary Compensation Table Summary Compensation Table The following table sets forth the compensation earned during the fiscal years ended March 31, 2018, March 31,
2017 and March 31, 2016 by our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as well as our three other most highly compensated executive officers (collectively, the Named Executive Officers). Name and Principal Position | Fiscal Year | Salary ($) | Bonus ($) | Stock Awards ($) (1) | Option Awards ($) (1) | Non-Equity Incentive Plan Compensation ($) (2) | All Other Compensation ($) (3) | Total ($)
Mark Dankberg | 2018 | 1,175,000 | — | 3,442,625 | 4,485,810 | 1,335,018 | 50,872 | 10,489,325
Chairman and Chief | 2017 | 1,100,000 | — | 3,254,557 | 3,300,192 | 1,350,000 | 17,389 | 9,022,138
Executive Officer | 2016 | 1,025,000 | — | 2,552,520 | 2,547,950 | 1,200,000 | 10,279 | 7,335,749
Richard Baldridge | 2018 | 1,000,000 | — | 2,766,375 | 3,604,669 | 1,157,032 | 13,086 | 8,541,162
Director, President and | 2017 | 875,000 | — | 2,615,250 | 2,651,940 | 1,150,000 | 13,077 | 7,305,267
Chief Operating Officer | 2016 | 850,000 | — | 1,939,920 | 1,936,442 | 975,000 | 11,519 | 5,712,881
Shawn Duffy | 2018 | 525,000 | — | 737,700 | 961,245 | 400,562 | 20,457 | 2,644,964
Senior Vice President and | 2017 | 490,000 | — | 639,307 | 648,252 | 470,000 | 9,842 | 2,257,401
Chief Financial Officer | 2016 | 450,000 | — | 561,570 | 560,549 | 450,000 | 8,885 | 2,031,004
Keven Lippert | 2018 | 585,000 | — | 1,106,550 | 1,441,868 | 534,020 | 15,216 | 3,682,654
Executive Vice President, | 2017 | 550,000 | — | 1,046,100 | 1,060,776 | 550,000 | 17,609 | 3,224,485
Corporate Development and | 2016 | 500,000 | — | 765,750 | 764,385 | 525,000 | 18,370 | 2,573,505
Chief Administrative Officer
Ken Peterman | 2018 | 475,000 | — | 737,700 | 961,245 | 534,020 | 13,500 | 2,721,465
Senior Vice President and | 2017 | 450,000 | — | 499,827 | 506,815 | 425,000 | 104,158 | 1,985,800
President, Government Systems | 2016 | 425,000 | — | 459,450 | 458,631 | 400,000 | 171,188 | 1,914,269 (1) | These columns represent the aggregate grant date fair value, calculated in accordance with SEC rules, of performance-based stock options and restricted stock unit awards granted in fiscal year 2018, and time-based stock options and restricted stock unit awards granted in fiscal years 2017 and 2016. These amounts generally reflect the amount that we expect to expense in our financial statements over the award’s vesting schedule, and do not correspond to the actual value that will be realized by the Named Executive Officers. In November 2017, the Named Executive Officers were granted performance-based stock options which vest, in part, dependent upon continued service over a four year vesting schedule and, in part, dependent upon the achievement of the company’s total stockholder return compared to its peer group during the four-year performance period ending October 31, 2021. The grant date fair value of the performance-based stock options was calculated using a Monte Carlo simulation which considered the likelihood of achieving the vesting conditions. For additional information on the valuation assumptions used in the calculation of these amounts for the respective year end, refer to note 6 to the financial statements included in our annual report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2018, as filed with the SEC. (2) | Represents amounts earned under our annual bonus program. For purposes of the fiscal year 2018 annual bonuses, our Compensation and Human Resources Committee determined the total bonuses payable to the Named Executive Officers for fiscal year 2018 annual bonus purposes and then determined to pay all of such bonuses in the form of fully vested shares of our common stock issued under our 1996 Equity Participation Plan. The total bonus payable to each Named Executive Officer was converted into a number of shares based on the closing price per share of our common stock on June 1, 2018 ($63.25), and the shares were issued to the Named Executive Officers on that date (less a number of shares with a fair market value on the date of issuance sufficient to cover the applicable tax withholding obligations and withheld by us from the shares issued to the Named Executive Officer). The aggregate number of shares of our common stock issued to the Named Executive Officers in June 2018 in satisfaction of their fiscal year 2018 annual bonuses was as follows (prior to any tax withholding): Mr. Dankberg (21,107); Mr. Baldridge (18,293); Ms. Duffy (6,333); Mr. Lippert (8,443); and Mr. Peterman (8,443). (3) | The amounts for fiscal year 2018 include the following: reimbursement of club dues for Mr. Dankberg, Ms. Duffy and Mr. Lippert in the amount of $40,122, $11,174 and $10,928, respectively; patent awards for Mr. Dankberg, in the amount of $1,500; matching 401(k) contributions for Mr. Dankberg, Mr. Baldridge, Ms. Duffy, Mr. Lippert and Mr. Peterman in the amount of $9,250, $12,841, $9,283, $4,288 and $13,500, respectively; and spousal travel on a single business trip for Mr. Baldridge. 38 Table of Contents EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION • Grants of Plan-Based Awards in Fiscal Year 2018 Grants of Plan-Based Awards in Fiscal Year
2018 The following table sets forth information regarding grants of plan-based awards to each of the Named Executive Officers during
fiscal year 2018. Estimated Future Payouts Under Non-Equity Incentive Plan Awards (1) | Estimated Future Payouts Under Equity Incentive Plan Awards (2) | All Other Stock Awards: Number of Shares of Stock or Units (#)(3) | All Other Option Awards: Number of Securities Underlying Options (#) | Exercise or Base Price of Option Awards ($/Sh)(4) | Grant Date Fair Value of Stock and Option Awards ($)(5)
Name | Grant Date | Threshold ($) | Target ($) | Maximum ($) | Threshold (#) | Target (#) | Maximum (#)
Mark Dankberg | — | — | 1,175,000 | — | — | — | — | — | — | — | —
11/17/2017 | — | — | — | — | — | — | 46,667 | — | — | 3,442,625
11/17/2017 | — | — | — | 70,000 | 140,000 | 245,000 | — | — | $ | 73.77 | 4,485,810
Richard Baldridge | — | — | 1,000,000 | — | — | — | — | — | — | — | —
11/17/2017 | — | — | — | — | — | — | 37,500 | — | — | 2,766,375
11/17/2017 | — | — | — | 56,250 | 112,500 | 196,875 | — | — | $ | 73.77 | 3,604,669
Shawn Duffy | — | — | 525,000 | — | — | — | — | — | — | — | —
11/17/2017 | — | — | — | — | — | — | 10,000 | — | — | 737,700
11/17/2017 | — | — | — | 15,000 | 30,000 | 52,500 | — | — | $ | 73.77 | 961,245
Keven Lippert | — | — | 585,000 | — | — | — | — | — | — | — | —
11/17/2017 | — | — | — | — | — | — | 15,000 | — | — | 1,106,550
11/17/2017 | — | — | — | 22,500 | 45,000 | 78,750 | — | — | $ | 73.77 | 1,441,858
Ken Peterman | — | — | 475,000 | — | — | — | — | — | — | — | —
11/17/2017 | — | — | — | — | — | — | 10,000 | — | — | 737,700
11/17/2017 | — | — | — | 15,000 | 30,000 | 52,500 | — | — | $ | 73.77 | 961,245 (1) | Represents target amounts payable under our annual bonus program for fiscal year 2018. Actual amounts paid to the Named Executive Officers pursuant to such bonus program are disclosed in the Summary Compensation Table under the column heading Non-Equity Incentive Plan Compensation. The material terms of the bonus program are described in the Compensation Discussion and Analysis section. (2) | Performance-based stock options that will become eligible to vest (a) in part dependent on the Named Executive Officer’s continued service over a four-year time-based vesting schedule, with the Named Executive Officer vesting in 25% of the performance-based options on each of the first four anniversaries of the date of grant, and (b) in part dependent on a comparison over the four-year performance period ending October 31, 2021 of our total stockholder return to the total stockholder return of the companies included in the S&P Mid Cap 400 Index. The number of options that will ultimately become vested and exercisable at the end of the four year vesting schedule will range from 0% to 175% of the target number of options based on our relative total stockholder return ranking for the four-year performance period ending October 31, 2021. The performance-based stock options must be vested under both the time-based vesting schedule and the performance-based vesting conditions in order to become exercisable by the Named Executive Officer. (3) | Restricted stock unit awards vest in four equal annual installments over the course of four years measured from the grant date. (4) | The exercise price for option awards is the fair market value per share of our common stock, which is defined under our 1996 Equity Participation Plan as the closing price per share on the grant date. (5) | This column represents the grant date fair value, calculated in accordance with SEC rules, of each equity award. These amounts generally reflect the amount that we expect to expense in our financial statements over the award’s vesting schedule, and do not correspond to the actual value that will be realized by the Named Executive Officers. The grant date fair value of the total stockholder return performance stock options was calculated using a Monte Carlo simulation which considered the likelihood of achieving the vesting conditions. For additional information on the valuation assumptions used in the calculation of these amounts, refer to note 6 to the financial statements included in our annual report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2018, as filed with the SEC. 2018 Proxy Statement 39 Table of Contents EXECUTIVE
COMPENSATION • Outstanding Equity Awards at 2018 Fiscal Year End Outstanding Equity Awards at 2018 Fiscal Year End The following table lists all outstanding equity awards held by each of the Named Executive Officers as of March 31, 2018. Option Awards | Stock Awards
Number of Securities Underlying Unexercised Options (#)
Name | Grant Date | Exercisable | Unexercisable (1) | Equity Incentive Plan Awards: Number of Securities Underlying Unexercised Unearned Options (#)(2) | Option Exercise Price ($) | Option Expiration Date | Number of Shares or Units of Stock That Have Not Vested (#)(3) | Market Value of Shares or Units of Stock That Have Not Vested ($)(4)
Mark Dankberg | 11/12/2012 | 119,000 | — | — | 36.30 | 11/12/2018 | — | —
11/14/2013 | 100,000 | — | — | 60.91 | 11/14/2019 | — | —
11/17/2014 | 82,500 | 27,500 | — | 65.86 | 11/17/2020 | — | —
11/17/2015 | 62,500 | 62,500 | — | 61.26 | 11/17/2021 | — | —
11/17/2016 | 35,000 | 105,00 | — | 69.74 | 11/17/2022 | — | —
11/17/2017 | — | — | 140,000 | 73.77 | 11/17/2023 | — | —
11/17/2014 | — | — | — | — | — | 9,166 | 602,390
11/17/2015 | — | — | — | — | — | 20,833 | 1,369,145
11/17/2016 | — | — | — | — | — | 35,000 | 2,300,200
11/17/2017 | — | — | — | — | — | 46,667 | 3,066,955
Richard Baldridge | 11/12/2012 | 61,700 | — | — | 36.30 | 11/12/2018 | — | —
11/14/2013 | 55,000 | — | — | 60.91 | 11/14/2019 | — | —
11/17/2014 | 48,750 | 16,250 | — | 65.86 | 11/17/2020 | — | —
11/17/2015 | 47,500 | 47,500 | — | 61.26 | 11/17/2021 | — | —
11/17/2016 | 28,125 | 84,375 | — | 69.74 | 11/17/2022 | — | —
11/17/2017 | — | — | 112,500 | 73.77 | 11/17/2023 | — | —
11/17/2014 | — | — | — | — | — | 5,416 | 355,940
11/17/2015 | — | — | — | — | — | 15,833 | 1,040,545
11/17/2016 | — | — | — | — | — | 28,125 | 1,848,375
11/17/2017 | — | — | — | — | — | 37,500 | 2,464,500
Shawn Duffy | 11/14/2013 | 17,500 | — | — | 60.91 | 11/14/2019 | — | —
11/17/2014 | 16,875 | 5,625 | — | 65.86 | 11/17/2020 | — | —
11/17/2015 | 13,750 | 13,750 | — | 61.26 | 11/17/2021 | — | —
11/17/2016 | 6,875 | 20,625 | — | 69.74 | 11/17/2022 | — | —
11/17/2017 | — | — | 30,000 | 73.77 | 11/17/2023 | — | —
11/17/2014 | — | — | — | — | — | 1,875 | 123,225
11/17/2015 | — | — | — | — | — | 4,583 | 301,195
11/17/2016 | — | — | — | — | — | 6,875 | 451,825
11/17/2017 | — | — | — | — | 10,000 | 657,200
Keven Lippert | 11/14/2013 | 20,000 | — | — | 60.91 | 11/14/2019 | — | —
11/17/2014 | 18,750 | 6,250 | — | 65.86 | 11/17/2020 | — | —
11/17/2015 | 18,750 | 18,750 | — | 61.26 | 11/17/2021 | — | —
11/17/2016 | 11,250 | 33,750 | — | 69.74 | 11/17/2022 | — | —
11/17/2017 | — | — | 45,000 | 73.77 | 11/17/2023 | — | —
11/17/2014 | — | — | — | — | — | 2,083 | 136,895
11/17/2015 | — | — | — | — | — | 6,250 | 410,750
11/17/2016 | — | — | — | — | — | 11,250 | 739,350
11/17/2017 | — | — | — | — | — | 15,000 | 985,800
Ken Peterman | 11/17/2014 | 15,000 | 5,000 | — | 65.86 | 11/17/2020 | — | —
11/17/2015 | 11,250 | 11,250 | — | 61.26 | 11/17/2021 | — | —
11/17/2016 | 5,375 | 16,125 | — | 69.74 | 11/17/2022 | — | —
11/17/2017 | — | — | 30,000 | 73.77 | 11/17/2023 | —
11/17/2014 | — | — | — | — | — | 1,666 | 109,490
11/17/2015 | — | — | — | — | — | 3,750 | 246,450
11/17/2016 | — | — | — | — | — | 5,375 | 353,245
11/17/2017 | — | — | — | — | — | 10,000 | 657,200 (1) | Options vest and become exercisable in four equal annual installments over the course of four years measured from the grant date. 40 Table of Contents EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION • Outstanding Equity Awards at 2018 Fiscal Year End (2) | Performance-based stock options that will become eligible to vest (a) in part dependent on the Named Executive Officer’s continued service over a four-year time-based vesting schedule, with the Named Executive Officer vesting in 25% of the performance-based options on each of the first four anniversaries of the date of grant and (b) in part dependent on a comparison over the four-year performance period ending October 31, 2021 of our total stockholder return to the total stockholder return of the companies included in the S&P MidCap 400 Index. The number of options that will ultimately become vested and exercisable at the end of the four year vesting schedule will range from 0% to 175% of the target number of options based on the Company’s relative total stockholder return ranking for the four-year performance period ending October 31, 2021. The performance-based stock options must be vested under both the time-based vesting schedule and the performance-based vesting conditions in order to become exercisable by the Named Executive Officer. The performance-based options are reflected in the table above at “target” performance levels. (3) | Restricted stock unit awards vest in four equal annual installments over the course of four years measured from the grant date. (4) | Computed by multiplying the closing price of our common stock on March 29, 2018 ($65.72) by the number of shares subject to such stock award. Option Exercises and Stock Vested in Fiscal Year 2018 The following table provides information concerning exercises of stock options by and stock awards vested for each of the Named Executive Officers
during fiscal year 2018. Option Awards | Stock Awards
Name | Number of Shares Acquired on Exercise (#) | Value Realized on Exercise ($)(1) | Number of Shares Acquired on Vesting (#) | Value Realized on Vesting ($)(1)
Mark Dankberg | 114,000 | 2,109,200 | 39,584 | 2,874,663
Richard Baldridge | 59,000 | 923,135 | 27,292 | 1,998,158
Shawn Duffy | — | — | 7,917 | 576,070
Keven Lippert | — | — | 10,624 | 774,561
Ken Peterman | 6,437 | 87,832 | 8,063 | 573,745 (1) | With respect to stock option exercises, the value realized equals the difference between the closing price of our common stock on the date of exercise and the option exercise price, multiplied by the number of shares for which the option was exercised. With respect to stock awards, the value realized equals the closing price of our common stock on the date of vesting multiplied by the number of shares subject to the award vesting on such date. Pension Benefits None of our Named Executive Officers participates in or has account balances in qualified or non-qualified defined benefit plans sponsored by us. Non-Qualified Deferred Compensation In accordance with Section 409A of the Internal Revenue
Code, Viasat allows executives to elect to defer the timing of receipt of the shares issuable pursuant to their restricted stock unit awards. None of our Named Executive Officers has made a deferral election with respect to any of their outstanding
restricted stock unit awards. We do not currently offer any other nonqualified defined contribution or other deferred compensation plans for our Named Executive Officers. Potential Payments Upon Termination Viasat provides for certain severance payments and benefits in the event that an executive officer’s employment is involuntarily or
constructively terminated within two months prior to or within 18 months following a change in control of the company. We believe that reasonable severance payments and benefits provide for a stable work environment by reinforcing and encouraging
the continued attention and dedication of our key executive officers to their duties of employment without personal distraction or conflict of interest in circumstances which could arise from the occurrence of a change in control. We have entered into change in control severance agreements, or Change in Control Agreements, with each of the Named Executive Officers. Under each
Change in Control Agreement, in the event an executive officer’s employment is terminated by Viasat without “cause” or the executive officer resigns for “good reason,” in either case, within two months prior to or within 18
months following a “change in control” of the company (as each term is defined in the Change in Control Agreement), the 2018 Proxy Statement 41 Table of Contents EXECUTIVE
COMPENSATION • Potential Payments Upon Termination executive officer will be entitled to receive the following in
lieu of any severance payments and benefits to which such executive may otherwise be entitled under any severance plan or program: • | the executive officer’s fully earned but unpaid base salary, when due, through the date of termination, plus all other benefits to which the executive officer may be entitled for such period, • | a lump sum cash payment based on a multiplier of the sum of the executive officer’s then current annual base salary and target annual bonus (the multiplier used is 3.0 for the positions of Chief Executive Officer and President, and 2.0 for the remaining Named Executive Officers), • | continuation of health and other benefits for a period of 18 months following the date of termination, and • | full vesting of any outstanding equity awards. As a condition to the
executive officer’s receipt of any of the post-termination payments and benefits described above, the executive officer must (1) execute a written general release of all claims, and (2) execute an employee proprietary information and
inventions agreement. The severance benefits payable under the Change in Control Agreements will be reduced by any severance benefits payable by us to the executive under any other policy, plan, program, agreement or arrangement. The Change in
Control Agreements continue for successive one-year terms unless Viasat or the executive officer provides notice of non-renewal. For a discussion of the effect of a termination of employment and/or a change in control on the performance-based stock options granted to our Named
Executive Officers during fiscal year 2018, see the discussion above in “Compensation Discussion and Analysis — Components of our Compensation Program — Equity-Based Compensation.” The following table sets forth the intrinsic values that the Named Executive Officers would derive in the event of a hypothetical termination of
employment by Viasat without cause or as a result of the Named Executive Officer’s resignation for good reason within two months prior to or within 18 months following a change in control of the company. The table assumes that the termination
of employment hypothetically occurred on March 31, 2018, the last day of fiscal year 2018, and that the Change in Control Agreements were in effect as of such date. Name | Accrued Vacation ($)(1) | Severance Payment ($) | COBRA Payments ($)(2) | Intrinsic Value of Accelerated Stock Options ($)(3) | Intrinsic Value of Accelerated Restricted Stock Units ($)(4) | Total ($)
Mark Dankberg | 225,962 | 7,050,000 | 37,587 | 278,750 | 7,338,690 | 14,930,989
Richard Baldridge | 192,308 | 6,000,000 | 37,587 | 211,850 | 5,709,360 | 12,151,105
Shawn Duffy | 62,187 | 2,100,000 | 37,587 | 61,325 | 1,533,445 | 3,794,544
Keven Lippert | 112,500 | 2,340,000 | 37,587 | 83,625 | 2,272,795 | 4,846,507
Ken Peterman | 54,808 | 1,900,000 | 37,587 | 50,175 | 1,366,385 | 3,408,955 (1) | Represents accrual for vacation that had not been taken as of March 31, 2018. (2) | Amounts shown equal an aggregate of 18 months of COBRA payments for the Named Executive Officer. (3) | The intrinsic value of accelerated stock options is based on the difference between the closing price of our common stock on March 29, 2018 ($65.72 per share) and the option exercise price, multiplied by the number of shares for which the option was accelerated (taking into consideration only options where the closing price of our common stock on March 29, 2018 is higher than the option exercise price, and using the “target” number of shares for performance-based stock options). (4) | The intrinsic value of accelerated restricted stock unit awards is computed by multiplying the closing price of our common stock on March 29, 2018 ($65.72 per share) by the number of shares that were accelerated. CEO Pay Ratio In accordance with SEC rules, we are providing the ratio of total compensation received during fiscal year 2018 by our CEO to the total compensation
received by our median employee. For fiscal year 2018, our median employee earned $105,228 in total compensation during the fiscal year ended March 31, 2018. Based upon the annual total compensation of Mr. Dankberg of $10,489,325 reported in the
Summary Compensation Table for fiscal year 2018, our ratio of CEO pay to median employee pay for fiscal year 2018 was approximately 100 to 1. To identify our median employee, we identified our total employee population (including all full-time, part-time, temporary and seasonal workers) as of March 31, 2018, and, in accordance with SEC rules, excluded employees from
certain countries that in the aggregate represented less than 5% of our employee base. As of March 31, 2018, we had approximately 5,200 global employees. To determine our median employee, we excluded a total of 234 employees from the following
countries (and all of 42 Table of Contents EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION • CEO Pay Ratio our employees in each of the following countries were excluded from the calculation): Australia (30 employees), Canada (1 employee), China (2
employees), Germany (5 employees), Switzerland (47 employees), United Kingdom (64 employees), Ireland (80 employees), Israel (3 employees) and Italy (2 employees). We then used base salary received during fiscal year 2018 for our employee population
included in the calculation (other than Mr. Dankberg) to determine our median employee, and, once identified, we calculated such employee’s annual total compensation in the same manner used to calculate Mr. Dankberg’s total
compensation in the Summary Compensation Table for fiscal year 2018. For all compensation paid in currencies other than the U.S. Dollar, all values were converted to the U.S. Dollar using foreign currency exchange rates on March 31, 2018. Director Compensation The following table sets forth the compensation earned during the fiscal year ended March 31, 2018 by each of our non-employee directors. Name | Fees Earned or Paid in Cash ($) | Stock Awards ($)(1) | Option Awards ($)(2) | Non-Equity Incentive Plan Compensation ($) | Change in Pension Value and Non-Qualified Deferred Compensation Earnings ($) | All Other Compensation ($) | Total ($)
Frank J. Biondi, Jr. | 88,500 | 96,944 | 94,980 | — | — | — | 280,424
Robert Johnson | 89,000 | 96,944 | 94,980 | — | — | — | 280,924
B. Allen Lay | 76,500 | 96,944 | 94,980 | — | — | — | 268,424
Jeffrey Nash | 95,750 | 96,944 | 94,980 | — | — | — | 287,674
Sean Pak | 52,000 | 225,480 | 205,682 | — | — | — | 483,162
Varsha Rao | 67,500 | 288,044 | 277,128 | — | — | — | 632,672
John Stenbit | 87,000 | 96,944 | 94,980 | — | — | — | 278,924
Harvey White | 105,000 | 96,944 | 94,980 | — | — | — | 296,924 (1) | This column represents the aggregate grant date fair value, calculated in accordance with SEC rules, of restricted stock unit awards granted in fiscal year 2018. These amounts generally reflect the amount that we expect to expense in our financial statements over the award’s vesting schedule, and do not correspond to the actual value that will be realized by the non-employee directors. For additional information on the valuation assumptions used in the calculation of these amounts, refer to note 6 to the financial statements included in our annual report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2018, as filed with the SEC. The aggregate number of shares of our common stock subject to restricted stock unit awards outstanding at the end of fiscal year 2018 for each non-employee director was as follows: Mr. Biondi (2,600); Mr. Johnson (1,600); Mr. Lay (1,600); Dr. Nash (1,600); Mr. Pak (3,000); Ms. Rao (4,600); Mr. Stenbit (1,600); and Mr. White (1,600). (2) | This column represents the aggregate grant date fair value, calculated in accordance with SEC rules, of stock options granted in fiscal year 2018. These amounts generally reflect the amount that we expect to expense in our financial statements over the award’s vesting schedule, and do not correspond to the actual value that will be realized by the non-employee directors. For additional information on the valuation assumptions used in the calculation of these amounts, refer to note 6 to the financial statements included in our annual report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2018, as filed with the SEC. The aggregate number of shares of our common stock subject to stock options outstanding at the end of fiscal year 2018 for each director was as follows: Mr. Biondi (24,000); Mr. Johnson (30,000); Mr. Lay (30,000); Dr. Nash (30,000); Mr. Pak (9,000); Ms. Rao (14,000); Mr. Stenbit (29,300); and Mr. White (25,000). Directors who are employees of the company, such as Mr. Dankberg and Mr. Baldridge, do not receive any additional compensation for their services as directors. Compensation Arrangements for Non-Employee Directors Non-employee directors are entitled to receive an annual cash retainer for their service in the amount of
$50,000 as a member of the Board of Directors, $12,000 for the chair of the Audit Committee, $8,000 for the chair of the Compensation and Human Resources Committee, $3,000 for the chair of the other Board committees, $6,000 as a non-chair member of the Audit Committee, $4,000 as a non-chair member of the Compensation and Human Resources Committee, and $2,000 as a non-chair member of the other Board committees. In addition, each non-employee director receives a meeting fee of $2,000 for each Board meeting attended, $1,500 for each
committee meeting attended as the chair of such committee, and $1,000 for each committee meeting attended as a non-chair member of such committee. The meeting fee paid to non-employee directors for participation via telephone for each Board meeting or committee meeting is one-half of the regular meeting fee. At the time of initial election to the Board of Directors, each non-employee director is granted a
restricted stock unit award that may be settled for 3,000 shares of our common stock and an option to purchase 9,000 shares of our common stock, and at each subsequent annual meeting of stockholders, each non-employee director is entitled to receive an annual equity grant in the form of a restricted stock unit award that may be settled for 1,600 shares of our common stock and an option to purchase 2018 Proxy Statement 43 Table of Contents EXECUTIVE
COMPENSATION • Director Compensation 5,000 shares of our common stock. Members of the Board of Directors are
reimbursed for expenses incurred in attending Board and committee meetings, and in connection with Board related activities. Stock Ownership Guidelines for Non-Employee Directors To enhance our overall corporate governance practices and director compensation program, our Board has adopted stock ownership guidelines for our non-employee directors. These guidelines are designed to align our non-employee directors’ interests with our stockholders’ long-term interests by promoting
long-term ownership of Viasat common stock. These guidelines provide that, within five years of his or her first date of election to our Board, our non-employee directors should attain an investment position
in Viasat common stock having a value not less than three times the value of their annual retainer for general Board service. Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation The members of the Compensation and Human Resources Committee for
the 2018 fiscal year were Mr. Biondi, Dr. Nash, Ms. Rao, Mr. Stenbit and Mr. White. None of the members of our Compensation and Human Resources Committee has ever been one of our officers or employees. During fiscal year
2018, none of our executive officers served on the board of directors or compensation committee of any entity whose officers served either on our Board of Directors or on our Compensation and Human Resources Committee. Equity Compensation Plan Information The following table provides information as of March 31, 2018 with respect to shares of Viasat common stock that may be issued under existing
equity compensation plans. In accordance with the rules promulgated by the SEC, the table does not include information with respect to shares subject to outstanding awards granted under equity compensation arrangements assumed by us in connection
with mergers and acquisitions of the companies that originally granted those awards. (a) | (b) | (c)
Plan Category | Number of Securities to be Issued Upon Exercise of Outstanding Options, Warrants and Rights (#)(1) | Weighted Average Exercise Price of Outstanding Options, Warrants and Rights ($)(2) | Number of Securities Remaining Available for Future Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans (Excluding Securities Reflected in Column (a))(#)
Equity compensation plans approved by security holders (3) | 5,126,194 | 63.90 | 2,926,503 | (4)
Equity compensation plans not approved by security holders | — | — | —
Total | 5,126,194 | 63.90 | 2,926,503 (1) | Includes outstanding restricted stock units and stock options. Performance-based stock options are included at “target” levels. Excludes purchase rights currently accruing under the Viasat, Inc. Employee Stock Purchase Plan. (2) | The weighted average exercise price does not take into account the shares subject to outstanding restricted stock units, which have no exercise price. (3) | Consists of two plans: (a) the 1996 Equity Participation Plan of Viasat, Inc., and (b) the Viasat, Inc. Employee Stock Purchase Plan. (4) | Includes (a) 2,148,771 shares available for future issuance under the 1996 Equity Participation Plan of Viasat, Inc., and (b) 777,732 shares available for future issuance under the Viasat, Inc. Employee Stock Purchase Plan, all of which may be subject to purchase rights outstanding as of March 31, 2018. For purposes of calculating the shares that remain available for grant under the Equity Plan, each “full value” award is counted using the applicable ratio as specified in the Equity Plan, and performance-based stock options are calculated assuming “maximum” performance. 44 Table of Contents CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS Review and Approval of Related Party Transactions The Audit Committee (or another independent body of the Board of Directors, such as the disinterested members of the Board) reviews transactions
that may be related person transactions, which are transactions between Viasat and related persons where the amount involved exceeds $120,000 in a single fiscal year and in which a related person has a direct or indirect material interest. Under SEC
rules, a related person is a director, director nominee, executive officer, beneficial owner of more than 5% of Viasat common stock and their respective immediate family members. As set forth in the Audit Committee charter, the members of the Audit
Committee, all of whom are independent directors, review and approve or ratify any related person transaction that is required to be disclosed in this proxy statement in accordance with SEC rules. In the course of its review and approval or
ratification of a disclosable related person transaction, the Audit Committee or the disinterested members of the Board may consider: • | the nature of the related person’s interest in the transaction, • | the material terms of the transaction, including without limitation, the amount and type of transaction, • | the importance of the transaction to the related person, • | the importance of the transaction to the company, • | whether the transaction would impair the judgment of a director or executive officer to act in the best interest of the company, and • | any other matters the Audit Committee or the Board deems appropriate. Related Party Transactions A brother of Mr. Dankberg is employed as Director of Information Systems at Viasat. He earned approximately $166,500 in base salary during
fiscal year 2018, and participates in our benefit programs. Mr. Dankberg’s son is a Media Operations Director at Viasat. He earned an aggregate of approximately $270,100 in base salary and bonus during fiscal year 2018, and participates in
our equity award and benefit programs. A brother of Mr. Miller is employed as a Systems Design Engineer at Viasat. He earned
an aggregate of approximately $280,400 in base salary and bonus during fiscal year 2018, and participates in our equity award and benefit programs. Mr. Miller’s son is a Software Engineer at Viasat. He earned an aggregate of approximately
$156,000 in base salary and bonus during fiscal year 2018, and participates in our equity award and benefit programs. 2018 Proxy Statement 45 Table of Contents AUDIT COMMITTEE REPORT The purpose of the Audit Committee is to assist the Board of Directors in its general oversight of Viasat’s financial reporting, internal
control and audit functions. The Audit Committee is comprised solely of independent directors, as defined in the applicable Nasdaq and SEC rules. The Audit Committee operates under a written audit committee charter adopted by the Board of Directors.
A copy of the audit committee charter can be found on the Investor Relations section of Viasat’s website at investors.viasat.com . The composition of the Audit Committee, the attributes of its members and the responsibilities of the Audit
Committee, as reflected in its written charter, are intended to be in accordance with applicable requirements for corporate audit committees. Management is responsible for the preparation, presentation and integrity of Viasat’s financial statements, accounting and financial reporting principles, establishing and maintaining a system of disclosure controls and
procedures, establishing and maintaining a system of internal controls, and procedures designed to facilitate compliance with accounting standards and applicable laws and regulations. PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, Viasat’s independent registered
public accounting firm, is responsible for performing an independent audit of the consolidated financial statements and expressing an opinion on the conformity of those financial statements with generally accepted accounting principles, as well as
expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of Viasat’s internal control over financial reporting. The Audit Committee periodically meets with PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, with and without management present, to discuss the results of their
examinations, their evaluations of Viasat’s internal controls and the overall quality of Viasat’s financial reporting. The Audit Committee members are not professional accountants or auditors, and their functions are not intended to
duplicate or to certify the activities of management or the independent registered public accounting firm. The Audit Committee has
reviewed and discussed the audited consolidated financial statements for fiscal year 2018 with management and PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP. Specifically, the Audit Committee reviewed with PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, who is responsible for expressing
an opinion on the conformity of those audited financial statements with generally accepted accounting principles, its judgments as to the quality, not just acceptability, of the accounting principles, reasonableness of significant judgments, and
clarity of disclosures in the financial statements. The Audit Committee also discussed with PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP the matters required to be discussed pursuant to the rules adopted by the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board. The Audit Committee has received from PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP the written disclosures and letter required by applicable requirements of the
Public Company Accounting Oversight Board regarding PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP’s communications with the Audit Committee concerning independence, and has discussed with PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP its independence from Viasat. In reliance on these reviews and discussions, the Audit Committee has recommended to the Board of Directors that Viasat’s audited financial
statements be included in Viasat’s annual report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2018 for filing with the SEC. The information contained in this Audit Committee Report shall not be deemed to be “soliciting material,” to be “filed” with
the SEC or be subject to Regulation 14A or Regulation 14C or to the liabilities of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, and shall not be deemed to be incorporated by reference into any filing of Viasat, except to the extent that
Viasat specifically incorporates it by reference into a document filed under the Securities Act of 1933 or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Respectfully Submitted by the Audit Committee Harvey White (Chair) Frank J. Biondi, Jr. Robert Johnson B. Allen Lay Jeffrey Nash 46 Table of Contents OTHER MATTERS Stockholder Proposals for Inclusion in Viasat’s 2019 Proxy Statement. Stockholders of Viasat may submit proposals on matters appropriate for stockholder action at meetings of our stockholders in accordance with Rule 14a-8 promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. To be eligible for inclusion in our proxy statement relating to the 2019 annual meeting of stockholders, proposals must satisfy the conditions
established by the SEC for stockholder proposals to be included in the proxy statement, and must otherwise be received by Viasat no later than March 22, 2019, unless the date of the 2019 annual meeting is changed by more than 30 days from the
anniversary of our 2018 annual meeting, in which case the deadline will be as set forth in Rule 14a-8. Such proposals must be delivered to Viasat, Inc., Attention: Corporate Secretary, 6155 El Camino Real,
Carlsbad, California 92009, with a copy to Viasat, Inc., Attention: General Counsel at the same address. Stockholder Proposals for Presentation at the 2019 Annual Meeting. If a stockholder wishes to present a proposal at our 2019 annual meeting of stockholders without including the proposal in our proxy statement relating to that meeting, our bylaws
provide that the stockholder must (1) provide timely notice of the proposal in writing and in proper form, (2) provide any updates or supplements to such notice as required by our bylaws, and (3) otherwise comply with all applicable
requirements of our bylaws and of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. To be timely, such stockholder’s notice must be received by Viasat no earlier than the 120 th day nor later than the 90 th day prior to the anniversary of our 2018 annual meeting. As a result, proposals submitted pursuant to these provisions of our bylaws must be received no earlier than the close of business on May 9,
2019 and no later than the close of business on June 8, 2019. However, if the date of the 2019 annual meeting is advanced by more than 30 days or delayed by more than 60 days from the anniversary of the 2018 annual meeting, notice by the stockholder
must be received no later than the later of (1) the 90 th day prior to the 2019 annual meeting or (2) the 10 th day following the day
on which public disclosure of the date of the 2019 annual meeting was first made. Such proposals must be delivered to Viasat, Inc., Attention: Corporate Secretary, 6155 El Camino Real, Carlsbad, California 92009, with a copy to Viasat, Inc.,
Attention: General Counsel at the same address. If the stockholder fails to give timely notice, the proxy card will confer discretionary authority on the individuals named as proxies to vote the shares represented by the proxies in accordance with
their best judgment. 2018 Proxy Statement 47 Table of Contents APPENDIX A 1996 EQUITY PARTICIPATION PLAN OF VIASAT, INC. (AS AMENDED AND RESTATED EFFECTIVE SEPTEMBER 6, 2018) Viasat, Inc., a Delaware corporation, adopted The 1996 Equity Participation Plan of Viasat, Inc. (the “Plan”), originally effective
October 24, 1996, for the benefit of its eligible employees, consultants and directors. The Plan consists of two plans, one for the benefit of key Employees (as such term is defined below) and consultants and one for the benefit of Independent
Directors (as such term is defined below). The following is an amendment and restatement of the Plan effective as of September 6, 2018 (the “Restatement Effective Date”), which is the date on which this amendment and restatement of
the Plan was approved by the stockholders of the Company. The purposes of this Plan are as follows: (1) To provide an additional incentive for directors, key Employees and consultants to further the growth, development and financial success of
Viasat, Inc. (the “Company”) by personally benefiting through the ownership of Company stock and/or rights which recognize such growth, development and financial success. (2) To enable the Company to obtain and retain the services of directors, key Employees and consultants considered essential to the long range
success of the Company by offering them an opportunity to own stock in the Company and/or rights which will reflect the growth, development and financial success of the Company. ARTICLE I. DEFINITIONS 1.1 General . Wherever the following terms are used in this Plan they shall have the meanings specified below, unless the context clearly
indicates otherwise. 1.2 Award Limit . “Award Limit” shall mean One Million (1,000,000) shares of Common Stock with
respect to Options or Stock Appreciation Rights granted under the Plan and Three Hundred Thousand (300,000) shares of Common Stock with respect to awards of Restricted Stock, Performance Awards, Dividend Equivalents, Restricted Stock Units, or
Stock Payments granted under the Plan; provided , however , that in connection with an individual’s initial service as an Employee, such limit will be Six Hundred Thousand (600,000) shares of Common Stock with respect to awards
of Restricted Stock, Performance Awards, Dividend Equivalents, Restricted Stock Units or Stock Payments granted under the Plan. The maximum aggregate amount of cash that may be paid to an individual in cash during any fiscal year of the Company with
respect to awards designated to be paid in cash shall be $5,000,000. 1.3 Board . “Board” shall mean the Board of
Directors of the Company. 1.4 Change in Control . “Change in Control” shall mean a change in ownership or control of the
Company effected through either of the following transactions: (a) any person or related group of persons (other than
the Company or a person that directly or indirectly controls, is controlled by, or is under common control with, the Company) directly or indirectly acquires beneficial ownership (within the meaning of Rule 13d-3 under the Exchange Act) of securities possessing more than fifty percent (50%) of the total combined voting power of the Company’s outstanding securities pursuant to a tender or
exchange offer made directly to the Company’s stockholders which the Board does not recommend such stockholders to accept; or (b) there is a change in the composition of the Board over a period of thirty-six (36) consecutive months (or less) such that a majority of the Board members (rounded up to the nearest
whole number) ceases, by reason of one or more proxy contests for the election of Board members, to be comprised of individuals who either (i) have been Board members continuously since the beginning of such period or (ii) have been
elected or nominated for election as Board members during such period by at least a majority of the Board members described in clause (i) who were still in office at the time such election or nomination was approved by the Board. 1.5 Code . “Code” shall mean the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended. 1.6 Committee . “Committee” shall mean the Compensation Committee of the Board, or another committee of the Board, appointed as
provided in Section 9.1. 1.7 Common Stock . “Common Stock” shall mean the common stock of the Company, par value
$0.0001 per share, and any equity security of the Company issued or authorized to be issued in the future, but excluding any preferred stock and any 2018 Proxy Statement A-1 Table of Contents APPENDIX A warrants, options or other rights to purchase Common Stock. Debt securities of the Company convertible into Common Stock shall be deemed equity
securities of the Company. 1.8 Company . “Company” shall mean Viasat, Inc., a Delaware corporation. 1.9 Corporate Transaction . “Corporate Transaction” shall mean any of the following stockholder-approved transactions to which the
Company is a party: (a) a merger or consolidation in which the Company is not the surviving entity, except for a
transaction the principal purpose of which is to change the State in which the Company is incorporated, form a holding company or effect a similar reorganization as to form whereupon this Plan and all Options are assumed by the successor entity; (b) the sale, transfer, exchange or other disposition of all or substantially all of the assets of the Company, in
complete liquidation or dissolution of the Company in a transaction not covered by the exceptions to clause (a) above; or (c) any reverse merger in which the Company is the surviving entity but in which securities possessing more than fifty percent (50%) of the total combined voting power of the Company’s outstanding securities are
transferred or issued to a person or persons different from those who held such securities immediately prior to such merger. 1.10 Director . “Director” shall mean a member of the Board. 1.11 Dividend Equivalent . “Dividend Equivalent”
shall mean a right to receive the equivalent value (in cash or Common Stock) of dividends paid on Common Stock, awarded under Article VII of this Plan. 1.12 Employee . “Employee” shall mean any officer or other employee (as defined in accordance with Section 3401(c) of the Code) of the Company, or of any corporation which is a Subsidiary. 1.13 Equity Restructuring . “Equity Restructuring” shall mean a nonreciprocal transaction between the Company and its stockholders,
such as a stock dividend, stock split, spin-off, rights offering or recapitalization through a large, nonrecurring cash dividend, that affects the number or kind of shares of Common Stock (or other securities
of the Company) or the share price of Common Stock (or other securities) and causes a change in the per share value of the Common Stock underlying outstanding awards. 1.14 Exchange Act . “Exchange Act” shall mean the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 1.15 Fair Market Value . “Fair Market Value” of a share of Common Stock as of a given date shall be (a) the closing price of a
share of Common Stock on the principal exchange on which shares of Common Stock are then trading or quoted, if any (or as reported on any composite index which includes such principal exchange), on such date, or if shares were not traded on such
date, then on the next following date on which a trade occurs; or (b) if Common Stock is not traded on an exchange but is quoted on an automated quotation system, the closing price of a share of Common Stock on such date as reported by such
quotation system; or (c) if Common Stock is not publicly traded on an exchange and not quoted on an automated quotation system, the Fair Market Value of a share of Common Stock as established by the Committee (or the Board, in the case of
awards granted to Independent Directors) acting in good faith. 1.16 Full Value Award . “Full Value Award” shall mean any
award other than an Option or a Stock Appreciation Right with a per share purchase price lower than one hundred percent (100%) of Fair Market Value on the date of grant and that is settled by the issuance of shares of Common Stock. 1.17 Grantee . “Grantee” shall mean an Employee, Director or consultant granted a Performance Award, Dividend Equivalent, Stock
Payment or Stock Appreciation Right, or an award of Restricted Stock Units, under this Plan. 1.18 Incentive Stock Option .
“Incentive Stock Option” shall mean an option which conforms to the applicable provisions of Section 422 of the Code and which is designated as an Incentive Stock Option by the Committee. 1.19 Independent Director . “Independent Director” shall mean a member of the Board who is not an Employee of the Company. 1.20 Non-Qualified Stock Option . “Non-Qualified Stock Option” shall mean an Option which is not designated as an Incentive Stock Option by the Committee. 1.21 Option . “Option” shall mean a stock option granted under Article III of this Plan. An Option granted under this Plan
shall, as determined by the Committee, be either a Non-Qualified Stock Option or an Incentive Stock Option; provided , however , that Options granted to Independent Directors and consultants shall
be Non-Qualified Stock Options. 1.22 Optionee . “Optionee” shall mean an
Employee, Director or consultant granted an Option under this Plan. 1.23 Performance Award . “Performance Award” shall
mean a cash bonus, stock bonus or other performance or incentive award that is paid in cash, Common Stock or a combination of both, awarded under Article VII of this Plan. A-2 Table of Contents APPENDIX A 1.24 Plan .
“Plan” shall mean The 1996 Equity Participation Plan of Viasat, Inc., as amended and restated. 1.25 QDRO .
“QDRO” shall mean a qualified domestic relations order as defined by the Code or Title I of the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended, or the rules thereunder. 1.26 Restricted Stock . “Restricted Stock” shall mean Common Stock awarded under Article VI of this Plan. 1.27 Restricted Stock Unit . “Restricted Stock Unit” shall mean a right to receive Common Stock awarded under Article VII of
this Plan. 1.28 Restricted Stockholder . “Restricted Stockholder” shall mean an Employee, Director or consultant granted
an award of Restricted Stock under Article VI of this Plan. 1.29 Rule 16b-3 . “Rule 16b-3” shall mean that certain Rule 16b-3 under the Exchange Act,
as such Rule may be amended from time to time. 1.30 Stock Appreciation Right . “Stock Appreciation Right” shall mean a
stock appreciation right granted under Article VIII of this Plan. 1.31 Stock Payment . “Stock Payment” shall mean
(a) a payment in the form of shares of Common Stock, or (b) an option or other right to purchase shares of Common Stock, as part of a deferred compensation arrangement, made in lieu of all or any portion of the compensation, including
without limitation, salary, bonuses and commissions, that would otherwise become payable to a key Employee, Director or consultant in cash, awarded under Article VII of this Plan. 1.32 Subsidiary . “Subsidiary” shall mean any corporation in an unbroken chain of corporations beginning with the Company if each of
the corporations other than the last corporation in the unbroken chain then owns stock possessing fifty percent (50%) or more of the total combined voting power of all classes of stock in one of the other corporations in such chain. 1.33 Termination of Consultancy . “Termination of Consultancy” shall mean the time when the engagement of an Optionee,
Grantee or Restricted Stockholder as a consultant to the Company or a Subsidiary is terminated for any reason, with or without cause, including, but not by way of limitation, by resignation, discharge, death or retirement; but excluding terminations
where there is a simultaneous commencement of employment with the Company or any Subsidiary. The Committee, in its absolute discretion, shall determine the effect of all matters and questions relating to Termination of Consultancy, including, but
not by way of limitation, the question of whether a Termination of Consultancy resulted from a discharge for good cause, and all questions of whether particular leaves of absence constitute Terminations of Consultancy. Notwithstanding any other
provision of this Plan, the Company or any Subsidiary has an absolute and unrestricted right to terminate a consultant’s service at any time for any reason whatsoever, with or without cause, except to the extent expressly provided otherwise in
writing. 1.34 Termination of Directorship . “Termination of Directorship” shall mean the time when an Optionee or
Grantee who is an Independent Director ceases to be a Director for any reason, including, but not by way of limitation, a termination by resignation, failure to be elected, death or retirement. The Board, in its sole and absolute discretion, shall
determine the effect of all matters and questions relating to Termination of Directorship with respect to Independent Directors. 1.35 Termination of Employment . “Termination of Employment” shall mean the time when the employee-employer relationship between an Optionee, Grantee or Restricted Stockholder and the Company or any Subsidiary is terminated for any
reason, with or without cause, including, but not by way of limitation, a termination by resignation, discharge, death, disability or retirement; but excluding (i) terminations where there is a simultaneous reemployment or continuing employment
of an Optionee, Grantee or Restricted Stockholder by the Company or any Subsidiary, (ii) at the discretion of the Committee, terminations which result in a temporary severance of the employee-employer relationship, and (iii) terminations
which are followed by the simultaneous establishment of a consulting relationship by the Company or a Subsidiary with the former employee. The Committee, in its absolute discretion, shall determine the effect of all matters and questions relating to
Termination of Employment, including, but not by way of limitation, the question of whether a Termination of Employment resulted from a discharge for good cause, and all questions of whether particular leaves of absence constitute Terminations of
Employment. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Plan, the Company or any Subsidiary has an absolute and unrestricted right to terminate an Employee’s employment at any time for any reason whatsoever, with or without cause, except to the
extent expressly provided otherwise in writing. ARTICLE II. SHARES SUBJECT TO PLAN 2.1 Shares Subject to Plan . (a) The shares of stock subject to Options, awards of Restricted Stock, Performance Awards, Dividend Equivalents, awards of Restricted Stock Units, Stock Payments or Stock Appreciation Rights shall be Common Stock, initially shares
of the Company’s Common Stock, par value $0.0001 per share. The aggregate number of such shares which may be 2018 Proxy Statement A-3 Table of Contents APPENDIX A issued upon exercise of such options or rights or upon any such awards under the Plan shall not exceed 31,850,000. The shares of
Common Stock issuable upon exercise of such options or rights or upon any such awards may be either previously authorized but unissued shares or treasury shares. (b) Any shares subject to Options or Stock Appreciation Rights shall be counted against the numerical limit of Section 2.1(a)
as one share for every share subject thereto. Any shares subject to Full Value Awards granted during the period beginning on September 22, 2010 and ending on September 19, 2012 will be counted against the numerical limit of
Section 2.1(a) as 2.65 shares for every one share subject thereto. Any shares subject to Full Value Awards granted prior to September 22, 2010 and subsequent to September 19, 2012 will be counted against the numerical limit of
Section 2.1(a) as 2 shares for every one share subject thereto. To the extent that a share that was subject to a Full Value Award is recycled back into the Plan under Section 2.2, the Plan will be credited with a number of shares
corresponding to the reduction in the share reserve previously made with respect to such Full Value Award in accordance with this Section 2.1(b). (c) The maximum number of shares which may be subject to awards granted under the Plan to any individual in any fiscal year, and the
maximum aggregate amount of cash that may be paid in cash during any fiscal year with respect to awards designated to be paid in cash, shall not exceed the applicable Award Limit. 2.2 Add-Back of Shares . If any award under this Plan expires or is canceled without having been fully
exercised or paid, or an award is settled in cash without the delivery of shares of Common Stock to the award holder, the number of shares subject to such award shall, to the extent of such expiration, cancellation or cash settlement, again be
available for future grants of awards and added back to the shares of Common Stock authorized for grant under Section 2.1(a) in an amount corresponding to the reduction in the share reserve previously made in accordance with Section 2.1(b)
above with respect to such award, subject to the limitations of Section 2.1. Furthermore, any shares subject to awards which are adjusted pursuant to Section 10.3 and become exercisable with respect to shares of stock of another
corporation shall be considered canceled and may again be optioned, granted or awarded hereunder, subject to the limitations of Section 2.1. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, the following shares shall not be added back
to the shares of Common Stock authorized for grant under Section 2.1(a) and will not be available for future grants of awards: (i) shares of Common Stock tendered by an Optionee or withheld by the Company in payment of the exercise price
of an Option; (ii) shares of Common Stock tendered by an Optionee or Grantee or withheld by the Company to satisfy any tax withholding obligation with respect to an Option or a Stock Appreciation Right; (iii) shares of Common Stock subject
to a Stock Appreciation Right not issued in connection with the stock settlement of the Stock Appreciation Right on exercise thereof; and (iv) shares of Common Stock purchased on the open market with the cash proceeds from the exercise of
Options. Shares tendered by a Grantee or a Restricted Stockholder or withheld by the Company to satisfy any tax withholding obligation with respect to a Full Value Award shall be available for future grants of awards under the Plan in an amount
corresponding to the reduction in the share reserve previously made in accordance with Section 2.1(b) above; provided, however, that, notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event shares of Common Stock subject to a Full Value Award are tendered
by a Grantee or a Restricted Stockholder or withheld by the Company to satisfy any tax withholding obligation at a tax withholding rate in excess of the employer’s minimum statutory withholding rates for federal, state, local and foreign income
tax and payroll tax purposes, such shares of Common Stock tendered or withheld to satisfy the tax withholding at a rate in excess of the employer’s minimum statutory withholding obligation shall not be available for future grants of awards
under the Plan and shall continue to be counted against the share reserve in an amount corresponding to the reduction in the share reserve previously made in accordance with Section 2.1(b) above. Any shares of Common Stock forfeited by a
Grantee or a Restricted Stockholder or repurchased by the Company under Section 6.6 or Article VII will again be available for awards in an amount corresponding to the reduction in the share reserve previously made in accordance with
Section 2.1(b) above. The payment of Dividend Equivalents in cash in conjunction with any outstanding awards shall not be counted against the shares available for issuance under the Plan. Notwithstanding the provisions of this Section 2.2,
no shares of Common Stock may again be optioned, granted or awarded if such action would cause an Incentive Stock Option to fail to qualify as an incentive stock option under Section 422 of the Code. ARTICLE III. GRANTING OF OPTIONS 3.1 Eligibility . Any Employee or consultant selected by the Committee pursuant to Section 3.4(a)(i) shall be eligible to be granted an Option. Each Independent Director of the Company shall be eligible to be granted
Options at the times and in the manner set forth in Section 3.4(d). 3.2 Disqualification for Stock Ownership . No person may
be granted an Incentive Stock Option under this Plan if such person, at the time the Incentive Stock Option is granted, owns stock possessing more than ten percent (10%) of the total combined voting power of all classes of stock of the Company
or any then existing Subsidiary or parent corporation (within the meaning of Section 422 of the Code) unless such Incentive Stock Option conforms to the applicable provisions of Section 422 of the Code. A-4 Table of Contents APPENDIX A 3.3 Qualification
of Incentive Stock Options . No Incentive Stock Option shall be granted to any person who is not an Employee. 3.4 Granting of
Options . (a) The Committee shall from time to time, in its absolute discretion, and subject to applicable
limitations of this Plan: (i) Determine which Employees are key Employees and select from among the key Employees or
consultants (including Employees or consultants who have previously received Options or other awards under this Plan) such of them as in its opinion should be granted Options; (ii) Subject to the Award Limit, determine the number of shares to be subject to such Options granted to the selected key Employees
or consultants; (iii) Subject to Section 3.3, determine whether such Options are to be Incentive Stock Options or Non-Qualified Stock Options; and (iv) Determine the terms and conditions of such
Options, consistent with this Plan. (b) Upon the selection of a key Employee or consultant to be granted an Option, the
Committee shall instruct the Secretary of the Company to issue the Option and may impose such conditions on the grant of the Option as it deems appropriate. Without limiting the generality of the preceding sentence, the Committee may, in its
discretion and on such terms as it deems appropriate, require as a condition on the grant of an Option to an Employee or consultant that the Employee or consultant surrender for cancellation some or all of the unexercised Options, awards of
Restricted Stock or Restricted Stock Units, Performance Awards, Stock Appreciation Rights, Dividend Equivalents or Stock Payments or other rights which have been previously granted to him under this Plan or otherwise. An Option, the grant of which
is conditioned upon such surrender, may have an option price lower (or higher) than the exercise price of such surrendered Option or other award, may cover the same (or a lesser or greater) number of shares as such surrendered Option or other award,
may contain such other terms as the Committee deems appropriate, and shall be exercisable in accordance with its terms, without regard to the number of shares, price, exercise period or any other term or condition of such surrendered Option or other
award; provided, however , except as permitted under Section 10.3 of the Plan, no Option or Stock Appreciation Right shall, without stockholder approval, be (i) repriced, exchanged for an Option or Stock Appreciation Right with a
lower price or otherwise modified where the effect would be to reduce the exercise price of the Option or Stock Appreciation Right; or (ii) exchanged for cash or an alternate award under the Plan. (c) Any Incentive Stock Option granted under this Plan may be modified by the Committee to disqualify such option from treatment as
an “incentive stock option” under Section 422 of the Code. (d) During the term of the Plan, each person
who is initially elected or appointed to the Board and who is an Independent Director at the time of such initial election or appointment shall automatically be granted an Option to purchase Nine Thousand (9,000) shares of Common Stock (subject
to adjustment as provided in Section 10.3) on the date of such initial election or appointment, which Option will vest in three equal installments on each of the first three anniversaries of the date of grant, subject to the Independent
Director’s continued service as a Director on each such vesting date. In addition, during the term of the Plan, each Independent Director shall automatically be granted an Option to purchase Five Thousand (5,000) shares of Common Stock
(subject to adjustment as provided in Section 10.3) on the date of each annual meeting of stockholders after his or her initial election or appointment to the Board at which directors are elected to the Board, which Option will vest on the
first anniversary of the date of grant, subject to the Independent Director’s continued service as a Director on such vesting date; provided , however , that a person who is initially elected to the Board at an annual meeting of
stockholders and who is an Independent Director at the time of such initial election shall receive only an initial Option grant on the date of such election pursuant to the preceding sentence and shall not receive an Option grant pursuant to this
sentence until the date of the next annual meeting of stockholders following such initial election. Members of the Board who are employees of the Company who subsequently retire from the Company and remain on the Board will not receive an initial
Option grant pursuant to the first sentence of this Section 3.4(d), but to the extent that they are otherwise eligible, will receive, after retirement from employment with the Company, Options as described in the second sentence of this
Section 3.4(d). ARTICLE IV. TERMS OF OPTIONS 4.1 Option Agreement . Each Option shall be evidenced by a written Stock Option Agreement, which shall be executed by the Optionee and an
authorized officer of the Company and which shall contain such terms and conditions as the Committee (or the Board, in the case of Options granted to Independent Directors) shall determine, consistent with this Plan. Stock Option Agreements
evidencing Incentive Stock Options shall contain such terms and conditions as may be necessary to meet the applicable provisions of Section 422 of the Code. 2018 Proxy Statement A-5 Table of Contents APPENDIX A 4.2 Option Price . The price per share of the shares subject to each Option shall be set by the Committee; provided, however , that such
price shall not be less than one hundred percent (100%) of the Fair Market Value of a share of Common Stock on the date the Option is granted and in the case of Incentive Stock Options granted to an individual then owning (within the meaning of
Section 424(d) of the Code) more than ten percent (10%) of the total combined voting power of all classes of stock of the Company or any Subsidiary or parent corporation thereof (within the meaning of Section 422 of the Code) such price
shall not be less than one hundred ten percent (110%) of the Fair Market Value of a share of Common Stock on the date the Option is granted. 4.3 Option Term . The term of an Option shall be set by the Committee in its discretion; provided, however, that no Option shall have a term longer than six (6) years from the date the Option is granted and in the
case of Incentive Stock Options granted to an individual then owning (within the meaning of Section 424(d) of the Code) more than ten percent (10%) of the total combined voting power of all classes of stock of the Company or any Subsidiary or
parent corporation thereof (within the meaning of Section 422 of the Code) the term may not exceed five (5) years from the date the Option is granted. Except as limited by requirements of Section 422 of the Code and regulations and
rulings thereunder applicable to Incentive Stock Options, the Committee may extend the term of any outstanding Option in connection with any Termination of Employment or Termination of Consultancy of the Optionee, or amend any other term or
condition of such Option relating to such a termination. 4.4 Option Vesting . (a) The period during which the right to exercise an Option in whole or in part vests in the Optionee shall be set by the Committee
and the Committee may determine that an Option may not be exercised in whole or in part for a specified period after it is granted. At any time after grant of an Option, the Committee may, in its sole and absolute discretion and subject to whatever
terms and conditions it selects, accelerate the period during which an Option (except an Option granted to an Independent Director) vests. (b) No portion of an Option which is unexercisable at Termination of Employment, Termination of Directorship or Termination of Consultancy, as applicable, shall thereafter become exercisable, except as may be otherwise provided by
the Committee (or the Board, in the case of Options granted to Independent Directors) in the case of Options granted to Employees or consultants either in the Stock Option Agreement or by action of the Committee (or the Board, in the case of Options
granted to Independent Directors) following the grant of the Option. (c) To the extent that the aggregate Fair Market
Value of stock with respect to which “incentive stock options” (within the meaning of Section 422 of the Code, but without regard to Section 422(d) of the Code) are exercisable for the first time by an Optionee during any
calendar year (under the Plan and all other incentive stock option plans of the Company and any Subsidiary) exceeds $100,000, such Options shall be treated as Non-Qualified Options to the extent required by
Section 422 of the Code. The rule set forth in the preceding sentence shall be applied by taking Options into account in the order in which they were granted. For purposes of this Section 4.4(c), the Fair Market Value of stock shall be
determined as of the time the Option with respect to such stock is granted. 4.5 Consideration . In consideration of the granting
of an Option, the Committee (or the Board, in the case of Options granted to Independent Directors) may require the Optionee to agree, in the written Stock Option Agreement, to remain in the employ of (or to consult for or to serve as an Independent
Director of, as applicable) the Company or any Subsidiary for a period of at least one year (or such shorter period as may be fixed in the Stock Option Agreement or by action of the Committee following grant of the Option) after the Option is
granted (or, in the case of an Independent Director, until the next annual meeting of stockholders of the Company). Nothing in this Plan or in any Stock Option Agreement hereunder shall confer upon any Optionee any right to continue in the employ
of, or as a consultant for, the Company or any Subsidiary, or as a director of the Company, or shall interfere with or restrict in any way the rights of the Company and any Subsidiary, which are hereby expressly reserved, to discharge any Optionee
at any time for any reason whatsoever, with or without good cause. ARTICLE V. EXERCISE OF OPTIONS 5.1 Partial Exercise . An exercisable Option may be exercised in whole or in part. However, an Option shall not be exercisable with respect to
fractional shares and the Committee (or the Board, in the case of Options granted to Independent Directors) may require that, by the terms of the Option, a partial exercise be with respect to a minimum number of shares. 5.2 Manner of Exercise . All or a portion of an exercisable Option shall be deemed exercised upon delivery of all of the following to
the Secretary of the Company or his office: (a) A written notice complying with the applicable rules established by the
Committee (or the Board, in the case of Options granted to Independent Directors) stating that the Option, or a portion thereof, is exercised. The notice shall be signed by the Optionee or other person then entitled to exercise the Option or such
portion; A-6 Table of Contents APPENDIX A (b)
Such representations and documents as the Committee (or the Board, in the case of Options granted to Independent Directors), in its absolute discretion, deems necessary or advisable to effect compliance with all applicable provisions of the
Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and any other federal or state securities laws or regulations. The Committee or Board may, in its absolute discretion, also take whatever additional actions it deems appropriate to effect such compliance
including, without limitation, placing legends on share certificates and book entries and issuing stop-transfer notices to agents and registrars; (c) In the event that the Option shall be exercised pursuant to Section 10.1 by any person or persons other than the Optionee,
appropriate proof of the right of such person or persons to exercise the Option; and (d) Full cash payment to the
Secretary of the Company for the shares with respect to which the Option, or portion thereof, is exercised. However, the Committee (or the Board, in the case of Options granted to Independent Directors), may in its discretion, (i) allow a delay
in payment up to thirty (30) days from the date the Option, or portion thereof, is exercised; (ii) allow payment, in whole or in part, through the delivery of shares of Common Stock owned by the Optionee, duly endorsed for transfer to the
Company with a Fair Market Value on the date of delivery equal to the aggregate exercise price of the Option or exercised portion thereof; (iii) allow payment, in whole or in part, through the surrender of shares of Common Stock then issuable
upon exercise of the Option having a Fair Market Value on the date of Option exercise equal to the aggregate exercise price of the Option or exercised portion thereof; (iv) allow payment, in whole or in part, through the delivery of property of
any kind which constitutes good and valuable consideration; (v) allow payment, in whole or in part, through the delivery of a full recourse promissory note bearing interest (at no less than such rate as shall then preclude the imputation of
interest under the Code) and payable upon such terms as may be prescribed by the Committee or the Board; (vi) allow payment, in whole or in part, through the delivery of a notice that the Optionee has placed a market sell order with a broker
with respect to shares of Common Stock then issuable upon exercise of the Option, and that the broker has been directed to pay a sufficient portion of the net proceeds of the sale to the Company in satisfaction of the Option exercise price; or
(vii) allow payment through any combination of the consideration provided in the foregoing subparagraphs (ii), (iii), (iv), (v) and (vi). In the case of a promissory note, the Committee (or the Board, in the case of Options granted to
Independent Directors) may also prescribe the form of such note and the security to be given for such note. The Option may not be exercised, however, by delivery of a promissory note or by a loan or other extension of credit from the Company when or
where such loan or other extension of credit is prohibited by law. 5.3 Conditions to Issuance of Shares . The Company shall
not be required to issue or deliver any certificate or certificates, or make any book entries, for shares of stock purchased upon the exercise of any Option or portion thereof prior to fulfillment of all of the following conditions: (a) The admission of such shares to listing on all stock exchanges on which such class of stock is then listed; (b) The completion of any registration or other qualification of such shares under any state or federal law, or under the rulings or
regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission or any other governmental regulatory body which the Committee or Board shall, in its absolute discretion, deem necessary or advisable; (c) The obtaining of any approval or other clearance from any state or federal governmental agency which the Committee (or Board, in
the case of Options granted to Independent Directors) shall, in its absolute discretion, determine to be necessary or advisable; (d) The lapse of such reasonable period of time following the exercise of the Option as the Committee (or Board, in the case of Options granted to Independent Directors) may establish from time to time for reasons of administrative
convenience; and (e) The receipt by the Company of full payment for such shares, including payment of any
applicable withholding tax. Notwithstanding any other provision of the Plan, unless otherwise determined by the Committee (or the Board,
in the case of Options granted to Independent Directors) or required by any applicable law, rule or regulation, the Company shall not deliver to any Optionee certificates evidencing shares of Common Stock issued in connection with any Option and
instead such shares of Common Stock shall be recorded in the books of the Company (or, as applicable, its transfer agent or stock plan administrator). 5.4 Rights as Stockholders . The holders of Options shall not be, nor have any of the rights or privileges of, stockholders of the Company in respect of any shares purchasable upon the exercise of any part of an Option unless
and until certificates representing such shares have been issued by the Company to such holders or book entries evidencing such shares have been made by the Company. 5.5 Ownership and Transfer Restrictions . The Committee (or Board, in the case of Options granted to Independent Directors), in its absolute
discretion, may impose such restrictions on the ownership and transferability of the shares purchasable upon the exercise of an Option as it deems appropriate. Any such restriction shall be set forth in the respective Stock Option Agreement and may
be referred to on the certificates or book entries evidencing such shares. The Committee may require an 2018 Proxy Statement A-7 Table of Contents APPENDIX A Employee to give the Company prompt notice of any disposition of shares of Common Stock acquired by exercise of an Incentive Stock Option within
(i) two years from the date of granting such Option to such Employee or (ii) one year after the transfer of such shares to such Employee. The Committee may direct that the certificates or book entries evidencing shares acquired by exercise
of an Option refer to such requirement to give prompt notice of disposition. 5.6 Limitations on Exercise of Options Granted to
Independent Directors . No Option granted to an Independent Director may be exercised to any extent by anyone after the first to occur of the following events: (a) The expiration of twelve (12) months from the date of the Optionee’s death; (b) The expiration of twelve (12) months from the date of the Optionee’s Termination of Directorship, Termination of
Consultancy or Termination of Employment by reason of his permanent and total disability (within the meaning of Section 22(e)(3) of the Code); (c) The expiration of three (3) months from the last to occur of the Optionee’s Termination of Directorship, Termination
of Consultancy or Termination of Employment, unless the Optionee dies within said three-month period; or (d) The
expiration of six (6) years from the date the Option was granted. ARTICLE VI. AWARD OF RESTRICTED STOCK 6.1 Award of Restricted Stock . (a) The Committee (or the Board, in the case of Restricted Stock awarded to Independent Directors) may from time to time, in its absolute discretion: (i) Select from among the key Employees, consultants or Independent Directors (including Employees, consultants or Independent
Directors who have previously received other awards under this Plan) such of them as in its opinion should be awarded Restricted Stock; and (ii) Determine the purchase price, if any, and other terms and conditions applicable to such Restricted Stock, consistent with this
Plan. (b) The Committee (or the Board, in the case of Restricted Stock awarded to Independent Directors) shall establish
the purchase price, if any, and form of payment for Restricted Stock; provided, however , that such purchase price shall be no less than the par value of the Common Stock to be purchased, unless otherwise permitted by applicable state law. In
all cases, legal consideration shall be required for each issuance of Restricted Stock. (c) Upon the selection of a key
Employee, consultant or Independent Director to be awarded Restricted Stock, the Committee (or the Board, in the case of Restricted Stock awarded to Independent Directors) shall instruct the Secretary of the Company to issue such Restricted Stock
and may impose such conditions on the issuance of such Restricted Stock as it deems appropriate. 6.2 Restricted Stock Agreement .
Restricted Stock shall be issued only pursuant to a written Restricted Stock Agreement, which shall be executed by the selected key Employee, consultant or Independent Director and an authorized officer of the Company and which shall contain such
terms and conditions as the Committee (or the Board, in the case of Restricted Stock granted to an Independent Director) shall determine, consistent with this Plan. The issuance of any shares of Restricted Stock shall be made subject to satisfaction
of all provisions of Section 5.3. 6.3 Consideration . As consideration for the issuance of Restricted Stock, in addition to
payment of any purchase price, the Restricted Stockholder shall agree, in the written Restricted Stock Agreement, to remain in the employ of, to consult for, or to remain as an Independent Director of, as applicable, the Company or any Subsidiary
for a period of at least one year after the Restricted Stock is issued (or such shorter period as may be fixed in the Restricted Stock Agreement or by action of the Committee (or the Board, in the case of Restricted Stock granted to an Independent
Director) following grant of the Restricted Stock or, in the case of an Independent Director, until the next annual meeting of stockholders of the Company). Nothing in this Plan or in any Restricted Stock Agreement hereunder shall confer on any
Restricted Stockholder any right to continue in the employ of, as a consultant for or as an Independent Director of the Company or any Subsidiary or shall interfere with or restrict in any way the rights of the Company and any Subsidiary, which are
hereby expressly reserved, to discharge any Restricted Stockholder at any time for any reason whatsoever, with or without good cause. 6.4 Rights as Stockholders . Upon delivery of the shares of Restricted Stock to the escrow holder pursuant to Section 6.7, the Restricted
Stockholder shall have, unless otherwise provided by the Committee (or the Board, in the case of Restricted Stock granted to an Independent Director), all the rights of a stockholder with respect to said shares, subject to the restrictions in his
Restricted Stock Agreement, including, subject to Section 10.14 and the last sentence of this Section 6.4 below, the right to receive all dividends and other distributions paid or made with respect to the shares; provided, however ,
that in the discretion A-8 Table of Contents APPENDIX A of the Committee (or
the Board, in the case of Restricted Stock granted to an Independent Director), any extraordinary distributions with respect to the Common Stock shall be subject to the restrictions set forth in Section 6.5. Notwithstanding the foregoing, with
respect to Restricted Stock that is subject to vesting, dividends which are paid prior to vesting shall only be paid out to the Restricted Stockholder to the extent that the vesting conditions are subsequently satisfied and the share of Restricted
Stock vests. 6.5 Restriction . All shares of Restricted Stock issued under this Plan (including any shares received by holders
thereof with respect to shares of Restricted Stock as a result of stock dividends, stock splits or any other form of recapitalization) shall, in the terms of each individual Restricted Stock Agreement, be subject to such restrictions as the
Committee (or the Board, in the case of Restricted Stock granted to an Independent Director) shall provide, which restrictions may include, without limitation, restrictions concerning voting rights and transferability and vesting restrictions based
on duration of employment with the Company, Company performance and individual performance; provided, further , that by action taken after the Restricted Stock is issued, the Committee (or the Board, in the case of Restricted Stock granted to
an Independent Director) may, on such terms and conditions as it may determine to be appropriate, remove any or all of the restrictions imposed by the terms of the Restricted Stock Agreement. Notwithstanding the foregoing, except as permitted under
Section 10.3 of the Plan but subject to Section 10.13, shares of Restricted Stock will vest no more rapidly than ratably over a three (3) year period from the date of grant, unless the Committee (or the Board, in the case of
Restricted Stock granted to an Independent Director) determines that the Restricted Stock award is to vest upon the achievement of one or more performance goals, in which case the period for measuring performance will be at least twelve
(12) months. Restricted Stock may not be sold or encumbered until all restrictions are terminated or expire. 6.6 Repurchase or
Forfeiture of Restricted Stock . The Committee (or the Board, in the case of Restricted Stock granted to an Independent Director) shall provide in the terms of each individual Restricted Stock Agreement that the Company shall have the right to
repurchase from the Restricted Stockholder the Restricted Stock then subject to restrictions under the Restricted Stock Agreement immediately upon a Termination of Employment, Termination of Consultancy or Termination of Directorship between the
Restricted Stockholder and the Company, at a cash price per share equal to the price paid by the Restricted Stockholder for such Restricted Stock; provided, however , that provision may be made that no such right of repurchase shall exist in
the event of a Termination of Employment, Termination of Consultancy or Termination of Directorship without cause, or following a change in control of the Company or because of the Restricted Stockholder’s retirement, death or disability, or
otherwise. Unless provided otherwise by the Committee (or the Board, in the case of Restricted Stock granted to an Independent Director), if no cash consideration was paid by the Restricted Stockholder upon issuance, a Restricted Stockholder’s
rights in unvested Restricted Stock shall lapse upon the last to occur of Termination of Employment, Termination of Consultancy or Termination of Directorship with the Company. 6.7 Escrow . The Secretary of the Company or such other escrow holder as the Committee (or the Board, in the case of Restricted Stock granted
to an Independent Director) may appoint shall retain physical custody of each certificate representing Restricted Stock until all of the restrictions imposed under the Restricted Stock Agreement with respect to the shares evidenced by such
certificate expire or shall have been removed. 6.8 Legend . In order to enforce the restrictions imposed upon shares of Restricted
Stock hereunder, the Committee (or the Board, in the case of Restricted Stock granted to an Independent Director) shall cause a legend or legends to be placed on certificates or book entries representing all shares of Restricted Stock that are still
subject to restrictions under Restricted Stock Agreements, which legend or legends shall make appropriate reference to the conditions imposed thereby. ARTICLE VII. PERFORMANCE AWARDS, DIVIDEND EQUIVALENTS, RESTRICTED STOCK UNITS, STOCK PAYMENTS 7.1 Performance
Awards . Any key Employee, consultant or Independent Director selected by the Committee (or the Board, in the case of an award to an Independent Director) may be granted one or more Performance Awards. The Committee shall select the performance
criteria (and any permissible adjustments) for each Performance Award for purposes of establishing the performance goal or performance goals applicable to such Performance Award for the designated performance period. The performance criteria that
may be used to establish such performance goals may include, but are not limited to, the following: (a) net earnings (either before or after one or more of the following: (i) interest, (ii) taxes, (iii) depreciation and
(iv) amortization), (b) gross or net sales or revenue, (c) net income (either before or after taxes), (d) operating earnings or profit, (e) cash flow (including, but not limited to, operating cash flow and free cash flow),
(f) return on assets, (g) return on capital, (h) return on stockholders’ equity, (i) return on sales, (j) gross or net profit or operating margin, (k) costs, (l) funds from operations, (m) expenses,
(n) working capital, (o) earnings per share, or (p) price per share of the Common Stock, any of which may be measured either in absolute terms or as compared to any incremental increase or decrease or as compared to results of a peer
group or to market performance indicators. The performance goals for a performance period may be established in writing by the Committee (or the Board, in the case of an award to an Independent Director) based on one or more of the foregoing
performance criteria, which goals may be expressed in terms of overall Company performance or the 2018 Proxy Statement A-9 Table of Contents APPENDIX A performance of a division, business unit or an individual. In making such determinations, the Committee (or the Board, in the case of an award to an
Independent Director) may consider (among such other factors as it deems relevant in light of the specific type of award) the contributions, responsibilities and other compensation of the particular key Employee, consultant or Independent Director. 7.2 Dividend Equivalents . Any key Employee, consultant or Independent Director selected by the Committee (or the Board, in
the case of an award to an Independent Director) may be granted Dividend Equivalents based on the dividends declared on Common Stock, to be credited as of dividend payment dates, during the period between the date an Option, Stock Appreciation
Right, Restricted Stock Unit or Performance Award is granted, and the date such Option, Stock Appreciation Right, Restricted Stock Unit or Performance Award is exercised, vests or expires, as determined by the Committee (or the Board, in the case of
an award to an Independent Director). Subject to Section 10.14, such Dividend Equivalents shall be converted to cash or additional shares of Common Stock by such formula and at such time and subject to such limitations as may be determined by
the Committee (or the Board, in the case of an award to an Independent Director). Notwithstanding the foregoing, no Dividend Equivalents shall be payable with respect to Options or Stock Appreciation Rights. 7.3 Stock Payments . Any key Employee, consultant or Independent Director selected by the Committee (or the Board, in the case of an award to
an Independent Director) may receive Stock Payments in the manner determined from time to time by the Committee. The number of shares shall be determined by the Committee (or the Board, in the case of an award to an Independent Director) and may be
based upon the Fair Market Value, book value, net profits or other measure of the value of Common Stock or other specific performance criteria determined appropriate by the Committee (or the Board, in the case of an award to an Independent
Director), determined on the date such Stock Payment is made or on any date thereafter. 7.4 Restricted Stock Units . (a) Any key Employee, consultant or Independent Director selected by the Committee (or the Board, in the case of an award to an
Independent Director) may be granted an award of Restricted Stock Units in the manner determined from time to time by the Committee. The number of shares subject to a Restricted Stock Unit award shall be determined by the Committee (or the Board, in
the case of an award to an Independent Director). Common Stock underlying a Restricted Stock Unit award will not be issued until the Restricted Stock Unit award has vested. Unless otherwise provided by the Committee (or the Board, in the case of an
award to an Independent Director), a Grantee of Restricted Stock Units shall have no rights as a Company stockholder with respect to the shares of Common Stock underlying such Restricted Stock Units until such time as the award has vested and such
Common Stock underlying the award has been issued. (b) During the term of the Plan thereafter, each person who is
initially elected or appointed to the Board and who is an Independent Director at the time of such initial election or appointment shall automatically be granted an award of Three Thousand (3,000) Restricted Stock Units (subject to adjustment
as provided in Section 10.3) on the date of such initial election or appointment, which Restricted Stock Unit award will vest in three equal installments on each of the first three anniversaries of the date of grant, subject to the Independent
Director’s continued service as a Director on each such vesting date. In addition, during the term of the Plan thereafter, each Independent Director shall automatically be granted an award of One Thousand Six Hundred (1,600) Restricted
Stock Units (subject to adjustment as provided in Section 10.3) on the date of each annual meeting of stockholders after his or her initial election or appointment to the Board at which directors are elected to the Board, which Restricted Stock
Unit award will vest on the first anniversary of the date of grant, subject to the Independent Director’s continued service as a Director on such vesting date; provided , however , that a person who is initially elected to the Board
at an annual meeting of stockholders and who is an Independent Director at the time of such initial election shall receive only an initial Restricted Stock Unit award on the date of such election pursuant to the preceding sentence and shall not
receive a Restricted Stock Unit award pursuant to this sentence until the date of the next annual meeting of stockholders following such initial election. Members of the Board who are employees of the Company who subsequently retire from the Company
and remain on the Board will not receive an initial Restricted Stock Unit award pursuant to the first sentence of this Section 7.4(b), but to the extent that they are otherwise eligible, will receive, after retirement from employment with the
Company, Restricted Stock Unit awards as described in the second sentence of this Section 7.4(b). 7.5 Performance Award
Agreement, Dividend Equivalent Agreement, Restricted Stock Unit Agreement, Stock Payment Agreement . Each Performance Award, Dividend Equivalent, award of Restricted Stock Units and/or Stock Payment shall be evidenced by a written agreement,
which shall be executed by the Grantee and an authorized Officer of the Company and which shall contain such terms and conditions as the Committee (or the Board, in the case of an award to an Independent Director) shall determine, consistent with
this Plan. 7.6 Term . The term of a Performance Award, Dividend Equivalent, award of Restricted Stock Unit and/or Stock Payment
shall be set by the Committee (or the Board, in the case of an award to an Independent Director) in its discretion. 7.7 Exercise Upon
Termination of Employment . A Performance Award, Dividend Equivalent, award of Restricted Stock Unit and/or Stock Payment is exercisable or payable only while the Grantee is an Employee, consultant or Independent Director; provided that the
Committee may (or the Board, in the case of an award to an Independent Director) determine that the A-10 Table of Contents APPENDIX A Performance Award,
Dividend Equivalent, award of Restricted Stock Unit and/or Stock Payment may be exercised or paid subsequent to Termination of Employment, Termination of Consultancy or Termination of Directorship without cause, or following a change in control of
the Company, or because of the Grantee’s retirement, death or disability, or otherwise. 7.8 Payment on Exercise . Payment of
the amount determined under Section 7.1 or 7.2 above shall be in cash, in Common Stock or a combination of both, as determined by the Committee (or the Board, in the case of an award to an Independent Director). To the extent any payment under
this Article VII is effected in Common Stock, it shall be made subject to satisfaction of all provisions of Section 5.3. 7.9 Consideration . As consideration for the issuance of a Performance Award, Dividend Equivalent, award of Restricted Stock Unit and/or Stock Payment, the Grantee shall agree, in a written agreement, to remain in the employ of, to consult for, or
to remain as an Independent Director of, as applicable, the Company or any Subsidiary for a period of at least one year after such Performance Award, Dividend Equivalent, award of Restricted Stock Unit and/or Stock Payment is granted (or such
shorter period as may be fixed in such agreement or by action of the Committee (or the Board, in the case of an award to an Independent Director) following such grant or, in the case of an Independent Director, until the next annual meeting of
stockholders of the Company). Nothing in this Plan or in any agreement hereunder shall confer on any Grantee any right to continue in the employ of, as a consultant for or as an Independent Director of the Company or any Subsidiary or shall
interfere with or restrict in any way the rights of the Company and any Subsidiary, which are hereby expressly reserved, to discharge any Grantee at any time for any reason whatsoever, with or without good cause. ARTICLE VIII. STOCK APPRECIATION RIGHTS 8.1 Grant of Stock Appreciation Rights . A Stock Appreciation Right may be granted to any key Employee, consultant or Independent Director selected by the Committee (or the Board, in the case of an award to an Independent
Director). A Stock Appreciation Right may be granted (i) in connection and simultaneously with the grant of an Option, (ii) with respect to a previously granted Option, or (iii) independent of an Option. A Stock Appreciation Right
shall be subject to such terms and conditions not inconsistent with this Plan as the Committee (or the Board, in the case of an award to an Independent Director) shall impose and shall be evidenced by a written Stock Appreciation Right Agreement,
which shall be executed by the Grantee and an authorized officer of the Company; provided , however , that no Stock Appreciation Right shall have a term longer than six (6) years from the date the Stock Appreciation Right is
granted. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Committee may, in its discretion and on such terms as it deems appropriate, require as a condition of the grant of a Stock Appreciation Right to an Employee, consultant or Independent
Director that the Employee, consultant or Independent Director surrender for cancellation some or all of the unexercised Options, awards of Restricted Stock or Restricted Stock Units, Performance Awards, Stock Appreciation Rights, Dividend
Equivalents or Stock Payments, or other rights which have been previously granted to him under this Plan or otherwise. Subject to Section 3.4(b), a Stock Appreciation Right, the grant of which is conditioned upon such surrender, may have an
exercise price lower (or higher) than the exercise price of the surrendered Option or other award, may cover the same (or a lesser or greater) number of shares as such surrendered Option or other award, may contain such other terms as the Committee
deems appropriate, and shall be exercisable in accordance with its terms, without regard to the number of shares, price, exercise period or any other term or condition of such surrendered Option or other award; provided, however , except as
permitted under Section 10.3 of the Plan, no Stock Appreciation Right shall, without stockholder approval, be (i) repriced, exchanged for an Option or Stock Appreciation Right with a lower price or otherwise modified where the effect would
be to reduce the exercise price of the Stock Appreciation Right; or (ii) exchanged for cash or an alternate award under the Plan. 8.2 Coupled Stock Appreciation Rights . (a) A Coupled Stock Appreciation Right (“CSAR”) shall be related to a particular Option and shall be exercisable only when
and to the extent the related Option is exercisable. (b) A CSAR may be granted to the Grantee for no more than the
number of shares subject to the simultaneously or previously granted Option to which it is coupled. (c) A CSAR shall
entitle the Grantee (or other person entitled to exercise the Option pursuant to this Plan) to surrender to the Company unexercised a portion of the Option to which the CSAR relates (to the extent then exercisable pursuant to its terms) and to
receive from the Company in exchange therefor an amount determined by multiplying the difference obtained by subtracting the Option exercise price from the Fair Market Value of a share of Common Stock on the date of exercise of the CSAR by the
number of shares of Common Stock with respect to which the CSAR shall have been exercised, subject to any limitations the Committee may impose. 8.3 Independent Stock Appreciation Rights . (a) An Independent Stock Appreciation Right
(“ISAR”) shall be unrelated to any Option and shall have a term set by the Committee. An ISAR shall be exercisable in such installments as the Committee may determine. An ISAR shall cover 2018 Proxy Statement A-11 Table of Contents APPENDIX A such number of shares of Common Stock as the Committee may determine; provided, however , that unless the Committee otherwise
provides in the terms of the ISAR or otherwise, no ISAR granted to a person subject to Section 16 of the Exchange Act shall be exercisable until at least six months have elapsed from (but excluding) the date on which the Option was granted. The
exercise price per share of Common Stock subject to each ISAR shall be set by the Committee; provided, however , that such price shall not be less than one hundred percent (100%) of the Fair Market Value of a share of Common Stock on the date
the ISAR is granted. An ISAR is exercisable only while the Grantee is an Employee, consultant or Independent Director; provided that the Committee may determine that the ISAR may be exercised subsequent to Termination of Employment, Termination of
Consultancy or Termination of Directorship without cause, or following a change in control of the Company, or because of the Grantee’s retirement, death or disability, or otherwise. (b) An ISAR shall entitle the Grantee (or other person entitled to exercise the ISAR pursuant to this Plan) to exercise all or a
specified portion of the ISAR (to the extent then exercisable pursuant to its terms) and to receive from the Company an amount determined by multiplying the difference obtained by subtracting the exercise price per share of the ISAR from the Fair
Market Value of a share of Common Stock on the date of exercise of the ISAR by the number of shares of Common Stock with respect to which the ISAR shall have been exercised, subject to any limitations the Committee may impose. 8.4 Payment and Limitations on Exercise . (a) Payment of the amount determined under Sections 8.2(c) and 8.3(b) above shall be in cash, in Common Stock (based on its
Fair Market Value as of the date the Stock Appreciation Right is exercised) or a combination of both, as determined by the Committee. To the extent such payment is effected in Common Stock it shall be made subject to satisfaction of all provisions
of Section 5.3 above pertaining to Options. (b) Grantees of Stock Appreciation Rights may be required to comply
with any timing or other restrictions with respect to the settlement or exercise of a Stock Appreciation Right, including a window-period limitation, as may be imposed in the discretion of the Board or Committee. 8.5 Consideration . As consideration for the granting of a Stock Appreciation Right, the Committee (or the Board in the case of an award to an
Independent Director) may require the Grantee to agree, in the written Stock Appreciation Right Agreement, to remain in the employ of, to consult for or to remain as an Independent Director of, as applicable, the Company or any Subsidiary for a
period of at least one year after the Stock Appreciation Right is granted (or such shorter period as may be fixed in the Stock Appreciation Right Agreement or by action of the Committee (or the Board, in the case of an award to an Independent
Director) following grant of the Stock Appreciation Right or, in the case of an Independent Director, until the next annual meeting of stockholders of the Company). Nothing in this Plan or in any Stock Appreciation Right Agreement hereunder shall
confer on any Grantee any right to continue in the employ of, as a consultant for or as an Independent Director of the Company or any Subsidiary or shall interfere with or restrict in any way the rights of the Company and any Subsidiary, which are
hereby expressly reserved, to discharge any Grantee at any time for any reason whatsoever, with or without good cause. ARTICLE IX.
ADMINISTRATION 9.1 Compensation Committee . The Compensation Committee (or another committee or a subcommittee of the Board
assuming the functions of the Committee under this Plan) shall consist solely of two or more Independent Directors appointed by and holding office at the pleasure of the Board, each of whom is a “non-employee director” as defined by Rule 16b-3 and otherwise meets the requirements of applicable law. In its absolute discretion, the Board may at any
time and from time to time exercise any and all rights and duties of the Committee under this Plan. Appointment of Committee members shall be effective upon acceptance of appointment. Committee members may resign at any time by delivering written
notice to the Board. Vacancies in the Committee may be filled by the Board. Should any Awards made under the Plan prior to November 2, 2017 be intended to qualify as “performance-based compensation” within the meaning of
Section 162(m)(4)(C) of the Code prior to its repeal (“162(m) Awards”), then all such determinations regarding such Awards will be made solely by a Committee comprised solely of two of more “outside directors” within the
meaning of Section 162(m) of the Code. 9.2 Duties and Powers of Committee . It shall be the duty of the Committee to conduct
the general administration of this Plan in accordance with its provisions. The Committee shall have the power to interpret this Plan and the agreements pursuant to which Options, awards of Restricted Stock or Restricted Stock Units, Performance
Awards, Stock Appreciation Rights, Dividend Equivalents or Stock Payments are granted or awarded, and to adopt such rules for the administration, interpretation, and application of this Plan as are consistent therewith and to interpret, amend or
revoke any such rules. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the full Board, acting by a majority of its members in office, shall conduct the general administration of the Plan with respect to awards granted to Independent Directors. Any such grant or
award under this Plan need not be the same with respect to each Optionee, Grantee or Restricted Stockholder. Any such interpretations and rules with respect to Incentive Stock Options shall be consistent with the provisions of Section 422 of
the Code. To the extent permitted by applicable law, the Committee may from time to time delegate to a committee of one or more members of the Board or one or more officers of the A-12 Table of Contents APPENDIX A Company the authority
to grant or amend awards to Participants other than (a) senior executives of the Company who are subject to Section 16 of the Exchange Act, or (b) officers of the Company (or members of the Board) to whom authority to grant or amend
awards has been delegated hereunder. Any delegation hereunder shall be subject to the restrictions and limits that the Committee specifies at the time of such delegation, and the Committee may at any time rescind the authority so delegated or
appoint a new delegatee. At all times, the delegatee appointed under this Section shall serve in such capacity at the pleasure of the Committee. 9.3 Majority Rule; Unanimous Written Consent . The Committee shall act by a majority of its members in attendance at a meeting at which a quorum is present or by a memorandum or other written instrument signed by all members
of the Committee. 9.4 Compensation; Professional Assistance; Good Faith Actions . Members of the Committee shall receive such
compensation for their services as members as may be determined by the Board. All expenses and liabilities which members of the Committee incur in connection with the administration of this Plan shall be borne by the Company. The Committee may, with
the approval of the Board, employ attorneys, consultants, accountants, appraisers, brokers, or other persons. The Committee, the Company and the Company’s officers and Directors shall be entitled to rely upon the advice, opinions or valuations
of any such persons. All actions taken and all interpretations and determinations made by the Committee or the Board in good faith shall be final and binding upon all Optionees, Grantees, Restricted Stockholders, the Company and all other interested
persons. No members of the Committee or Board shall be personally liable for any action, determination or interpretation made in good faith with respect to this Plan, Options, awards of Restricted Stock or Restricted Stock Units, Performance Awards,
Stock Appreciation Rights, Dividend Equivalents or Stock Payments, and all members of the Committee and the Board shall be fully protected by the Company in respect of any such action, determination or interpretation. ARTICLE X. MISCELLANEOUS PROVISIONS 10.1 Not Transferable . (a) Options, Restricted Stock awards, Restricted Stock Unit awards,
Performance Awards, Stock Appreciation Rights, Dividend Equivalents or Stock Payments under this Plan may not be sold, pledged, assigned, or transferred in any manner other than by will or the laws of descent and distribution or pursuant to a QDRO,
unless and until such rights or awards have been exercised, or the shares underlying such rights or awards have been issued, and all restrictions applicable to such shares have lapsed. No Option, Restricted Stock award, Restricted Stock Unit award,
Performance Award, Stock Appreciation Right, Dividend Equivalent or Stock Payment or interest or right therein shall be liable for the debts, contracts or engagements of the Optionee, Grantee or Restricted Stockholder or his successors in interest
or shall be subject to disposition by transfer, alienation, anticipation, pledge, encumbrance, assignment or any other means whether such disposition be voluntary or involuntary or by operation of law by judgment, levy, attachment, garnishment or
any other legal or equitable proceedings (including bankruptcy), and any attempted disposition thereof shall be null and void and of no effect, except to the extent that such disposition is permitted by the preceding sentence. (b) During the lifetime of the Optionee or Grantee, only he may exercise an Option or other right or award (or any portion thereof)
granted to him under the Plan, unless it has been disposed of pursuant to a QDRO. After the death of the Optionee or Grantee, any exercisable portion of an Option or other right or award may, prior to the time when such portion becomes unexercisable
under the Plan or the applicable Stock Option Agreement or other agreement, be exercised by his personal representative or by any person empowered to do so under the deceased Optionee’s or Grantee’s will or under the then applicable laws
of descent and distribution. 10.2 Amendment, Suspension or Termination of this Plan . Except as otherwise provided in this
Section 10.2, this Plan may be wholly or partially amended or otherwise modified, suspended or terminated at any time or from time to time by the Board or the Committee. However, without approval of the Company’s stockholders given within
twelve months before or after the action by the Board or the Committee, no action of the Board or the Committee may, except as provided in Section 10.3, increase the limits imposed in Section 2.1 on the maximum number of shares which may
be issued under this Plan or modify the Award Limit, and no action of the Board or the Committee may be taken that would otherwise require stockholder approval as a matter of applicable law, or the rules and regulations of any stock exchange or
national market system on which the Common Stock is then listed. No amendment, suspension or termination of this Plan shall, without the consent of the holder of Options, Restricted Stock awards, Restricted Stock Unit awards, Performance Awards,
Stock Appreciation Rights, Dividend Equivalents or Stock Payments, alter or impair any rights or obligations under any Options, Restricted Stock awards, Restricted Stock Unit awards, Performance Awards, Stock Appreciation Rights, Dividend
Equivalents or Stock Payments theretofore granted or awarded, unless the award itself otherwise expressly so provides. No Options, Restricted Stock, Restricted Stock Units, Performance Awards, Stock Appreciation Rights, Dividend Equivalents or Stock
Payments may be granted or awarded during any period of suspension or after termination of this Plan, and in no event may any Incentive Stock Option be granted under this Plan after June 19, 2028. 2018 Proxy Statement A-13 Table of Contents APPENDIX A 10.3 Changes in Common Stock or Assets of the Company, Acquisition or Liquidation of the Company and Other Corporate Events . (a) Subject to Section 10.3(d), in the event that the Committee (or the Board, in the case of awards granted to Independent
Directors) determines that any dividend or other distribution (whether in the form of cash, Common Stock, other securities, or other property) (other than normal cash dividends), recapitalization, reclassification, stock split, reverse stock split,
reorganization, merger, consolidation, split-up, spin-off, combination, repurchase, liquidation, dissolution, or sale, transfer, exchange or other disposition of all or
substantially all of the assets of the Company (including, but not limited to, a Corporate Transaction), or exchange of Common Stock or other securities of the Company, issuance of warrants or other rights to purchase Common Stock or other
securities of the Company, or other similar corporate transaction or event (other than an Equity Restructuring), in the Committee’s sole discretion (or in the case of awards granted to Independent Directors, the Board’s sole discretion),
affects the Common Stock such that an adjustment is determined by the Committee to be appropriate in order to prevent dilution or enlargement of the benefits or potential benefits intended to be made available under the Plan or with respect to an
Option, Restricted Stock award, Performance Award, Stock Appreciation Right, Dividend Equivalent, Restricted Stock Unit award or Stock Payment, then the Committee (or the Board, in the case of awards granted to Independent Directors) shall, in such
manner as it may deem equitable, adjust any or all of: (i) the number and kind of shares of Common Stock (or other
securities or property) with respect to which Options, Restricted Stock Units, Performance Awards, Stock Appreciation Rights, Dividend Equivalents or Stock Payments may be granted under the Plan, or which may be granted as Restricted Stock
(including, but not limited to, adjustments of the limitations in Section 2.1 on the maximum number and kind of shares which may be issued, adjustments of the Award Limit and adjustments of the manner in which shares subject to Full Value
Awards will be counted), (ii) the number and kind of shares of Common Stock (or other securities or property) subject to
outstanding Options, Restricted Stock Units, Performance Awards, Stock Appreciation Rights, Dividend Equivalents, or Stock Payments, and in the number and kind of shares of outstanding Restricted Stock, (iii) the grant or exercise price with respect to any Option, Restricted Stock Unit, Performance Award, Stock Appreciation Right,
Dividend Equivalent or Stock Payment, and (iv) the number and kind of shares of Common Stock (or other securities or
property) for which automatic grants of Options and Restricted Stock Units are subsequently to be made to new and continuing Independent Directors pursuant to Section 3.4(d) and Section 7.4(b), respectively. (b) Subject to Sections 10.3(b)(vii), 10.3(d) and 10.3(e) in the event of any Corporate Transaction or other transaction or
event described in Section 10.3(a) or any unusual or nonrecurring transactions or events affecting the Company, any affiliate of the Company, or the financial statements of the Company or any affiliate, or of changes in applicable laws,
regulations, or accounting principles, the Committee (or the Board, in the case of awards granted to Independent Directors) in its discretion is hereby authorized to take any one or more of the following actions whenever the Committee (or the Board,
in the case of awards granted to Independent Directors) determines that such action is appropriate in order to prevent dilution or enlargement of the benefits or potential benefits intended to be made available under the Plan or with respect to any
option, right or other award under this Plan, to facilitate such transactions or events or to give effect to such changes in laws, regulations or principles: (i) In its sole and absolute discretion, and on such terms and conditions as it deems appropriate, the Committee (or the Board, in
the case of awards granted to Independent Directors) may provide, either by the terms of the agreement or by action taken prior to the occurrence of such transaction or event and either automatically or upon the optionee’s request, for either
the purchase of any such Option, Performance Award, Stock Appreciation Right, Dividend Equivalent, or Stock Payment, or any Restricted Stock or Restricted Stock Unit for an amount of cash equal to the amount that could have been attained upon the
exercise of such option, right or award or realization of the optionee’s rights had such option, right or award been currently exercisable or payable or fully vested or the replacement of such option, right or award with other rights or
property selected by the Committee (or the Board, in the case of awards granted to Independent Directors) in its sole discretion; (ii) In its sole and absolute discretion, the Committee (or the Board, in the case of awards granted to Independent Directors) may provide, either by the terms of such Option, Performance Award, Stock Appreciation Right, Dividend
Equivalent, or Stock Payment, or Restricted Stock or Restricted Stock Unit award or by action taken prior to the occurrence of such transaction or event that it cannot be exercised after such event; (iii) In its sole and absolute discretion, and on such terms and conditions as it deems appropriate, the Committee (or the Board, in
the case of awards granted to Independent Directors) may provide, either by the terms of such Option, Performance Award, Stock Appreciation Right, Dividend Equivalent, or Stock Payment, or Restricted Stock or A-14 Table of Contents APPENDIX A Restricted Stock Unit award or by action taken prior to the occurrence of such transaction or event, that for a specified period of
time prior to such transaction or event, such option, right or award shall be vested and/or exercisable as to all shares covered thereby, notwithstanding anything to the contrary in (i) Section 4.4 or (ii) the provisions of such
Option, Performance Award, Stock Appreciation Right, Dividend Equivalent, or Stock Payment, or Restricted Stock or Restricted Stock Unit award; (iv) In its sole and absolute discretion, and on such terms and conditions as it deems appropriate, the Committee (or the Board, in
the case of awards granted to Independent Directors) may provide, either by the terms of such Option, Performance Award, Stock Appreciation Right, Dividend Equivalent, or Stock Payment, or Restricted Stock or Restricted Stock Unit award or by action
taken prior to the occurrence of such transaction or event, that upon such event, such option, right or award be assumed by the successor or survivor corporation, or a parent or subsidiary thereof, or shall be substituted for by similar options,
rights or awards covering the stock of the successor or survivor corporation, or a parent or subsidiary thereof, with appropriate adjustments as to the number and kind of shares and prices; (v) In its sole and absolute discretion, and on such terms and conditions as it deems appropriate, the Committee (or the Board, in
the case of awards granted to Independent Directors) may make adjustments in the number and type of shares of Common Stock (or other securities or property) subject to outstanding Options, Restricted Stock Units, Performance Awards, Stock
Appreciation Rights, Dividend Equivalents, or Stock Payments, and in the number and kind of outstanding Restricted Stock and/or in the terms and conditions of (including the grant or exercise price), and the criteria included in, outstanding
options, rights and awards and options, rights and awards which may be granted in the future; (vi) In its sole and
absolute discretion, and on such terms and conditions as it deems appropriate, the Committee may provide either by the terms of a Restricted Stock award or by action taken prior to the occurrence of such event that, for a specified period of time
prior to such event, the restrictions imposed under a Restricted Stock Agreement upon some or all shares of Restricted Stock may be terminated, and, some or all shares of such Restricted Stock may cease to be subject to repurchase under
Section 6.6 or forfeiture under Section 6.5 after such event; and (vii) None of the foregoing
discretionary actions taken under this Section 10.3(b) shall be permitted with respect to awards granted to Independent Directors to the extent that such discretion would be inconsistent with the applicable exemptive conditions of Rule 16b-3. In the event of a Change in Control or a Corporate Transaction, to the extent that the Board does not have the ability under Rule 16b-3 to take or to
refrain from taking the discretionary actions set forth in Section 10.3(b)(iii) above, each award granted to an Independent Director shall be vested and/or exercisable as to all shares covered thereby upon such Change in Control or during the
five days immediately preceding the consummation of such Corporate Transaction and subject to such consummation, notwithstanding anything to the contrary in Section 4.4 or the vesting schedule of such awards. In the event of a Corporate
Transaction, to the extent that the Board does not have the ability under Rule 16b-3 to take or to refrain from taking the discretionary actions set forth in Section 10.3(b)(ii) above, no Option
granted to an Independent Director may be exercised following such Corporate Transaction unless such Option is, in connection with such Corporate Transaction, either assumed by the successor or survivor corporation (or parent or subsidiary thereof)
or replaced with a comparable right with respect to shares of the capital stock of the successor or survivor corporation (or parent or subsidiary thereof). (c) Subject to Sections 10.3(d) and 10.7, the Committee (or the Board, in the case of awards granted to Independent Directors)
may, in its discretion, include such further provisions and limitations in any Option, Performance Award, Stock Appreciation Right, Dividend Equivalent, or Stock Payment, or Restricted Stock or Restricted Stock Unit agreement or certificate, as it
may deem equitable and in the best interests of the Company. (d) With respect to Incentive Stock Options, no adjustment
or action described in this Section 10.3 or in any other provision of the Plan shall be authorized to the extent that such adjustment or action would cause the Plan to violate Section 422(b)(1) of the Code or any successor provision
thereto. With respect to 162(m) Awards, no adjustment or action described in this Section 10.3 or in any other provision of the Plan shall be authorized to the extent that such adjustment or action would cause such award to fail to so qualify
under Code Section 162(m)(4)(C) prior to its repeal unless the Committee determines that the award should not so qualify. Furthermore, no such adjustment or action shall be authorized to the extent such adjustment or action would result in
short-swing profits liability under Section 16 or violate the exemptive conditions of Rule 16b-3 unless the Committee (or the Board, in the case of awards granted to Independent Directors) determines
that the option or other award is not to comply with such exemptive conditions. The number of shares of Common Stock subject to any option, right or award shall always be rounded to the next whole number. 2018 Proxy Statement A-15 Table of Contents APPENDIX A (e) In connection with the occurrence of any Equity Restructuring, and notwithstanding anything to the contrary in Sections 10.3(a)
and 10.3(b): (i) The number and type of securities subject to each outstanding award and the exercise price or grant
price thereof, if applicable, shall be equitably adjusted. The adjustments provided under this Section 10(e) shall be nondiscretionary and shall be final and binding on the affected holder and the Company. (ii) The Committee (or the Board, in the case of awards granted to Independent Directors) shall make such equitable adjustments, if
any, as the Committee may deem appropriate to reflect such Equity Restructuring with respect to the aggregate number and kind of shares that may be issued under the Plan (including, but not limited to, adjustments of the limitations in
Section 2.1 on the maximum number and kind of shares which may be issued under the Plan or the Award Limit and adjustments of the manner in which shares subject to Full Value Awards will be counted). 10.4 Tax Withholding . The Company shall be entitled to require payment in cash or deduction from other compensation payable to each Optionee,
Grantee or Restricted Stockholder of any sums required by federal, state or local tax law to be withheld with respect to the issuance, vesting, exercise or other taxable event related to any Option, Restricted Stock, Restricted Stock Unit,
Performance Award, Stock Appreciation Right, Dividend Equivalent or Stock Payment. The Committee (or the Board, in the case of awards granted to Independent Directors) may in its discretion and in satisfaction of the foregoing requirement allow such
Optionee, Grantee or Restricted Stockholder to elect to have the Company withhold shares of Common Stock otherwise issuable under such Option or other award (or allow the return of shares of Common Stock) having a Fair Market Value equal to the
amounts required to be withheld. For avoidance of doubt, the Committee (or the Board, in the case of awards granted to Independent Directors) may determine the fair market value of the shares of Common Stock for tax purposes upon settlement of an
award using such methodology as may be required by applicable laws or as appropriate for administrative reasons. The number of shares of Common Stock which may be so withheld or returned shall be limited to the number of shares of Common Stock which
have a fair market value on the date of withholding or return no greater than the aggregate amount of such liabilities based on the minimum statutory withholding rates for federal, state, local and foreign income tax and payroll tax purposes that
are applicable to such supplemental taxable income (or, to the extent provided by the Committee (or the Board, in the case of awards granted to Independent Directors), such higher withholding rate that is in no event greater than the maximum
individual statutory tax rate in the applicable jurisdiction at the time of such withholding (or such other rate as may be required to avoid the liability classification of the applicable award under generally accepted accounting principles in the
United States of America)). 10.5 Loans . The Committee may, in its discretion, and to the extent permitted by law extend one or
more loans to key Employees in connection with the exercise or receipt of an Option, Performance Award, Stock Appreciation Right, Dividend Equivalent or Stock Payment granted under this Plan, or the issuance, vesting or distribution of Restricted
Stock or Restricted Stock Units awarded under this Plan. The terms and conditions of any such loan shall be set by the Committee (or the Board, in the case of awards granted to Independent Directors). No loans will be made to key Employees if such
loans would be prohibited by Section 402 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 10.6 Forfeiture Provisions . Pursuant to its
general authority to determine the terms and conditions applicable to awards under the Plan, the Committee (or the Board, in the case of awards granted to Independent Directors) shall have the right (to the extent consistent with the applicable
exemptive conditions of Rule 16b-3) to provide, in the terms of Options or other awards made under the Plan, or to require the recipient to agree by separate written instrument, that (i) any
proceeds, gains or other economic benefit actually or constructively received by the recipient upon any receipt or exercise of the award, or upon the receipt or resale of any Common Stock underlying such award, must be paid to the Company, and
(ii) the award shall terminate and any unexercised portion of such award (whether or not vested) shall be forfeited, if (a) a Termination of Employment, Termination of Consultancy or Termination of Directorship occurs prior to a specified
date, or within a specified time period following receipt or exercise of the award, or (b) the recipient at any time, or during a specified time period, engages in any activity in competition with the Company, or which is inimical, contrary or
harmful to the interests of the Company, as further defined by the Committee (or the Board, as applicable). 10.7 Limitations
Applicable to Section 16 Persons and Performance-Based Compensation . Notwithstanding any other provision of this Plan, this Plan, and any Option, Performance Award, Stock Appreciation Right, Dividend Equivalent or Stock
Payment granted, or Restricted Stock or Restricted Stock Unit awarded, to any individual who is then subject to Section 16 of the Exchange Act, shall be subject to any additional limitations set forth in any applicable exemptive rule under
Section 16 of the Exchange Act (including any amendment to Rule 16b-3 of the Exchange Act) that are requirements for the application of such exemptive rule. To the extent permitted by applicable law,
the Plan, Options, Performance Awards, Stock Appreciation Rights, Dividend Equivalents, Stock Payments, Restricted Stock and Restricted Stock Units granted or awarded hereunder shall be deemed amended to the extent necessary to conform to such
applicable exemptive rule. Furthermore, notwithstanding any other provision of this Plan or any award agreement, each 162(m) Award (and each award which was otherwise not subject to the deduction limitation of Section 162(m) of the Code) shall
be subject to any additional limitations as the Committee determines necessary for such 162(m) Award to qualify as “performance-based compensation” as described in Section 162(m)(4)(C) of the Code prior to its repeal (or to be so
exempt) pursuant to the transition relief rules in the Tax Cuts A-16 Table of Contents APPENDIX A and Jobs Act of 2017,
and to the extent any of the provisions of the Plan or any award (or any amendments hereto pursuant to this amendment and restatement of the Plan) would cause any 162(m) Awards to fail to so qualify or other awards to be so exempt, any such
provisions shall not apply to such awards to the extent necessary to ensure the continued qualification or exemption of such awards. To the extent permitted by applicable law, the Plan and any such awards shall be deemed amended to the extent
necessary to conform to such requirements. 10.8 Effect of Plan Upon Options and Compensation Plans . The adoption of this Plan
shall not affect any other compensation or incentive plans in effect for the Company or any Subsidiary. Nothing in this Plan shall be construed to limit the right of the Company (i) to establish any other forms of incentives or compensation for
Employees, Directors or Consultants of the Company or any Subsidiary or (ii) to grant or assume options or other rights otherwise than under this Plan in connection with any proper corporate purpose including but not by way of limitation, the
grant or assumption of options in connection with the acquisition by purchase, lease, merger, consolidation or otherwise, of the business, stock or assets of any corporation, partnership, limited liability company, firm or association. 10.9 Compliance with Laws . This Plan, the granting and vesting of Options, Restricted Stock awards, Restricted Stock Unit awards, Performance
Awards, Stock Appreciation Rights, Dividend Equivalents or Stock Payments under this Plan and the issuance and delivery of shares of Common Stock and the payment of money under this Plan or under Options, Performance Awards, Stock Appreciation
Rights, Dividend Equivalents or Stock Payments granted or Restricted Stock or Restricted Stock Units awarded hereunder are subject to compliance with all applicable federal and state laws, rules and regulations (including but not limited to state
and federal securities law and federal margin requirements) and to such approvals by any listing, regulatory or governmental authority as may, in the opinion of counsel for the Company, be necessary or advisable in connection therewith. Any
securities delivered under this Plan shall be subject to such restrictions, and the person acquiring such securities shall, if requested by the Company, provide such assurances and representations to the Company as the Company may deem necessary or
desirable to assure compliance with all applicable legal requirements. To the extent permitted by applicable law, the Plan, Options, Restricted Stock awards, Restricted Stock Unit awards, Performance Awards, Stock Appreciation Rights, Dividend
Equivalents or Stock Payments granted or awarded hereunder shall be deemed amended to the extent necessary to conform to such laws, rules and regulations. 10.10 Titles . Titles are provided herein for convenience only and are not to serve as a basis for interpretation or construction of this Plan. 10.11 Governing Law . This Plan and any agreements hereunder shall be administered, interpreted and enforced under the internal laws of the
State of California without regard to conflicts of laws thereof. 10.12 Section 409A . To the extent that the
Committee (or the Board, in the case of awards granted to Independent Directors) determines that any award granted under the Plan is subject to Section 409A of the Code, the award agreement evidencing such award shall incorporate the terms and
conditions required by Section 409A of the Code. To the extent applicable, the Plan and award agreements shall be interpreted in accordance with Section 409A of the Code and Department of Treasury regulations and other interpretive
guidance issued thereunder. Notwithstanding any provision of the Plan to the contrary, in the event that the Committee (or the Board, in the case of awards granted to Independent Directors) determines that any award may be subject to
Section 409A of the Code and related Department of Treasury guidance (including Department of Treasury guidance), the Committee (or the Board, in the case of awards granted to Independent Directors) may adopt such amendments to the Plan and the
applicable award agreement or adopt other policies and procedures (including amendments, policies and procedures with retroactive effect), or take any other actions, that the Committee (or the Board, in the case of awards granted to Independent
Directors) determines are necessary or appropriate to (a) exempt the award from Section 409A of the Code and/or preserve the intended tax treatment of the benefits provided with respect to the award, or (b) comply with the
requirements of Section 409A of the Code and related Department of Treasury guidance. 10.13 Award Vesting Limitations . Notwithstanding any other provision of the Plan to the contrary, but subject to Section 10.3 and the last sentence of this Section 10.13, Options, awards of Restricted Stock, Performance Awards, Dividend Equivalents, awards of
Restricted Stock Units, Stock Payments or Stock Appreciation Rights granted under the Plan shall vest no earlier than the first anniversary of the date the award is granted and no award agreement shall reduce or eliminate the minimum vesting
requirement; provided , however , that, notwithstanding the foregoing, awards that result in the issuance of an aggregate of up to five percent (5%) of the shares of Common Stock available pursuant to Section 2.1(a) as of the
Restatement Effective Date may be granted to any one or more Employees, consultants or Independent Directors without respect to and/or administered without regard for this minimum vesting provision. Nothing in this Section 10.13 precludes the
Committee (or the Board, in the case of awards granted to Independent Directors) from taking action, in its sole discretion, to accelerate the vesting of any award in connection with or following a Grantee’s, Optionee’s or Restricted
Stockholder’s death, disability, Termination of Employment, Termination of Consultancy, Termination of Directorship or the consummation of a Corporate Transaction or a Change in Control. 2018 Proxy Statement A-17 Table of Contents APPENDIX A 10.14 Dividend Limitations . Notwithstanding any other provision of the Plan to the contrary, dividends and Dividend Equivalents with respect
to an award that is subject to vesting that are based on dividends paid prior to the vesting of such award shall only be paid out to the Restricted Stockholder or Grantee, as applicable, to the extent that the vesting conditions are subsequently
satisfied and the award vests. A-18 Table of Contents Using a black ink pen, mark your votes with an X as shown in this example. Please do not write outside the designated areas. | ☒ PROXY CARD FOR ANNUAL MEETING q PLEASE FOLD ALONG THE PERFORATION, DETACH AND RETURN THE BOTTOM PORTION IN THE ENCLOSED ENVELOPE. q A | Proposals — The Viasat Board of Directors unanimously recommends that stockholders vote “FOR” all the director nominees
listed in Proposal 1, and “FOR” proposals 2, 3 and 4. 1. Election of Directors: | For | Withhold | For | Against | Abstain | +
Frank J. Biondi, Jr. | ☐ | ☐ | 2. Ratification of Appointment of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP as Viasat’s Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm for fiscal year 2019 | ☐ | ☐ | ☐
Robert Johnson | ☐ | ☐ | 3. Advisory Vote on Executive Compensation | ☐ | ☐ | ☐
John Stenbit | ☐ | ☐ | 4. Amendment and Restatement of the 1996 Equity Participation Plan | ☐ | ☐ | ☐ B | Authorized Signatures — Date and Sign Below — This section must be completed for your vote to be counted. Please sign your name(s) EXACTLY as your name(s) appear(s) on this proxy card. If shares are held jointly, each joint holder
must sign. When signing as trustee, executor, administrator, guardian, attorney or corporate officer, please print your full title. Date (mm/dd/yyyy) — Please print date below. | Signature 1 — Please keep signature within the box. | Signature 2 (Joint Owner) — Please keep signature within the box.
/ / IF VOTING BY MAIL, YOU MUST COMPLETE SECTIONS A - C ON BOTH SIDES OF THIS CARD. 02V92H Table of Contents Important Notice Regarding the Availability of Proxy Materials for the Annual Meeting The proxy materials for the Viasat annual meeting of stockholders, including the proxy statement and annual report to stockholders, are
available over the internet on the Investor Relations section of our website at investors.viasat.com. Electronic Access To
Future Documents If you wish to access all future proxy statements and annual reports via the internet as they
become available, please consent by marking the appropriate box below. Choosing to receive your future proxy materials electronically will help us conserve natural resources and reduce the costs of printing and distributing our proxy materials. This
consent will remain in effect until you notify our transfer agent, Computershare, by mail that you wish to resume mail delivery of the proxy statement and annual report. q PLEASE FOLD ALONG THE PERFORATION, DETACH AND RETURN THE
BOTTOM PORTION IN THE ENCLOSED ENVELOPE. q ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- PROXY CARD VIASAT, INC. ANNUAL MEETING OF STOCKHOLDERS SEPTEMBER 6, 2018 THIS
PROXY IS SOLICITED ON BEHALF OF THE VIASAT BOARD OF DIRECTORS The undersigned revokes all previous proxies, acknowledges receipt of the notice of
annual meeting of stockholders and the accompanying proxy statement, and hereby appoints Mark Dankberg and Robert Blair, jointly and severally, with full power of substitution to each, as proxies of the undersigned, to represent the undersigned
and to vote all shares of common stock of Viasat, Inc. that the undersigned is entitled to vote, either on his or her own behalf or on behalf of an entity or entities, at the annual meeting of stockholders of Viasat, Inc. to be held on September 6,
2018, at 8:30 a.m. Pacific Time, at Viasat, Inc., Founders Hall, 6155 El Camino Real, Carlsbad, CA 92009, and at any adjournments and postponements thereof, with the same force and effect as the undersigned might or could do if personally present. THE SHARES REPRESENTED BY THIS PROXY CARD WILL BE VOTED AS INSTRUCTED BY THE STOCKHOLDER. IF NO INSTRUCTIONS ARE SPECIFIED, THE SHARES WILL BE VOTED
“FOR” ALL THE DIRECTOR NOMINEES LISTED IN PROPOSAL 1, AND “FOR” PROPOSALS 2, 3 AND 4. IF ANY OTHER BUSINESS IS PROPERLY PRESENTED AT THE ANNUAL MEETING, OR ANY ADJOURNMENTS OR POSTPONEMENTS THEREOF, THIS PROXY CARD WILL CONFER
DISCRETIONARY AUTHORITY ON THE INDIVIDUALS NAMED AS PROXIES TO VOTE THE SHARES REPRESENTED BY THE PROXIES IN ACCORDANCE WITH THEIR BEST JUDGMENT. C | Non-Voting Items Change of Address — Please print new address below. | ELECTRONIC ACCESS TO FUTURE DOCUMENTS | I Consent
If you consent to use the internet to access all future notices of stockholder meetings, proxy statements and annual reports issued by Viasat (electronic access), please mark this box. See above for details. | ☐ IF VOTING BY MAIL, YOU MUST COMPLETE SECTIONS A - C ON BOTH SIDES OF THIS CARD.
SEE REVERSE SIDE | TO BE SIGNED AND DATED ON REVERSE SIDE | SEE REVERSE SIDE