8-K VIASAT INC false 0000797721 0000797721 2021-11-23 2021-11-23 UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 FORM 8-K CURRENT REPORT Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported): November 23, 2021 VIASAT, INC. (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) Delaware | 000-21767 | 33-0174996
(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation) | (Commission File No.) | (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 6155 El Camino Real Carlsbad , California 92009 (Address of principal executive offices, including zip code) Registrant’s telephone number, including area code: (760) 476-2200 Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions: ☐ | Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425) ☒ | Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12) ☐ | Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b)) ☐ | Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c)) Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: (Title of Each Class) | (Trading Symbol) | (Name of Each Exchange on which Registered)
Common Stock, par value $0.0001 per share | VSAT | The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (§230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (§240.12b-2 of this chapter). Emerging growth company ☐ If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. ☐ Item 1.01. | Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement. On November 23, 2021, Viasat, Inc. (“Viasat”) entered into the Fifth Amendment to Credit Agreement (the “Amendment”), which amended the Credit Agreement, dated as of November 26, 2013, with MUFG Union Bank, N.A. (as administrative agent and collateral agent) and the other lenders party thereto (as amended, the “Revolving Credit Agreement”). The Amendment, among other matters, provides for certain amendments to permit the consummation of the acquisition of Connect Topco Limited (“Inmarsat”) and provide additional covenant flexibility, which amendments will become effective at and conditional upon the closing of such Inmarsat transaction. The Amendment also provides for greater flexibility to incur export credit agency financing. Borrowings under the Revolving Credit Agreement bear interest, at Viasat’s option, at either (1) the highest of the Federal Funds rate plus 0.50%, the Eurodollar rate plus 1.00%, or the administrative agent’s prime rate as announced from time to time, or (2) the Eurodollar rate, plus, in the case of each of (1) and (2), an applicable interest margin that is based on Viasat’s total leverage ratio. The Revolving Credit Agreement is required to be guaranteed by certain significant domestic subsidiaries of Viasat (as defined in the Revolving Credit Agreement) and secured by substantially all of Viasat’s and any subsidiary guarantor’s assets. As of the date hereof, none of Viasat’s subsidiaries guaranteed the Revolving Credit Agreement. The Revolving Credit Agreement contains financial covenants regarding a maximum total leverage ratio and a minimum interest coverage ratio. In addition, the Revolving Credit Agreement contains covenants that restrict, among other things, Viasat’s ability to sell assets, make investments and acquisitions, make capital expenditures, grant liens, pay dividends and make certain other restricted payments. The Revolving Credit Agreement also contains customary events of default. Upon the occurrence and during the continuance of an event of default, the lenders may declare all outstanding amounts under the Revolving Credit Agreement immediately due and payable, and may terminate commitments to make any additional advances thereunder. Certain of the lenders under the Revolving Credit Agreement, and their respective affiliates, have performed, and may in the future perform, for Viasat and its affiliates various commercial banking, investment banking, financial advisory or other services for which they have received and/or may in the future receive customary compensation and expense reimbursement. The description of the Amendment contained herein does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the complete text of the Amendment, which is attached as Exhibit 10.1 to this report and is incorporated herein by reference. Item 2.03. | Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant. The information provided in Item 1.01 above is incorporated herein by reference. Item 9.01. | Financial Statements and Exhibits. (d) Exhibits Exhibit Number | Description of Exhibit
10.1 | Fifth Amendment to Credit Agreement, dated as of November 23, 2021, by and among Viasat, Inc., MUFG Union Bank, N.A. (as administrative agent and collateral agent), and the other lenders party thereto.
104 | Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded with the Inline XBRL document) Additional Information About the Transaction and Where to Find It This communication is being made in respect of the proposed business combination transaction between Viasat and Inmarsat pursuant to the terms of that certain Share Purchase Agreement, dated as of November 8, 2021, by and among Viasat and the shareholders of Inmarsat. Viasat intends to file with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”) a proxy statement and other relevant documents in respect of a stockholder meeting to obtain stockholder approval in connection with the transaction. The definitive proxy statement will be sent or given to the stockholders of Viasat and will contain important information about the transaction and related matters. INVESTORS AND STOCKHOLDERS ARE URGED TO READ THE DEFINITIVE PROXY STATEMENT AND OTHER RELEVANT MATERIALS CAREFULLY IN THEIR ENTIRETY WHEN THEY BECOME AVAILABLE BECAUSE THEY WILL CONTAIN IMPORTANT INFORMATION ABOUT VIASAT, INMARSAT AND THE PROPOSED TRANSACTION. Investors and stockholders may obtain a free copy of these materials (when available) and other documents filed by Viasat with the SEC through the website maintained by the SEC at www.sec.gov. In addition, free copies of these materials will be made available free of charge through Viasat’s website at https://www.viasat.com. Participants in the Solicitation Viasat, and its directors and executive officers may be deemed to be participants in the solicitation of proxies from the stockholders of Viasat in connection with the transaction. Information regarding the persons who may, under the rules of the SEC, be considered to be participants in the solicitation of Viasat’s stockholders in connection with the transaction will be set forth in Viasat’s definitive proxy statement for its stockholder meeting. Additional information regarding these individuals and any direct or indirect interests they may have in the transaction will be set forth in the definitive proxy statement when and if it is filed with the SEC in connection with the transaction. SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized. VIASAT, INC.
Date: November 30, 2021 | By: | /s/ Brett Church
Name: | Brett Church
Title: | Associate General Counsel