10-K 1 f10k2019_trineacquisition.htm ANNUAL REPORT UNITED
STATES SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington,
D.C. 20549 FORM
10-K (Mark
One) ☒ ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For
the fiscal year ended December 31, 2019 OR ☐ TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For
the transition period from to Commission
File Number 001-38835 Trine
Acquisition Corp. (Exact
name of Registrant as specified in its Charter) Delaware | 83-2044042
(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) | (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 405
Lexington Avenue, 48 th Floor New
York, NY 10174 (Address
of principal executive offices and zip code) Registrant’s
telephone number, including area code: (212) 503-2855 Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Title of each class | Trading Symbol(s) | Name of each exchange on which registered
Units, each consisting of one share of Class A common stock, $0.0001 par value, and one-half of one redeemable warrant | TRNE.U | New York Stock Exchange
Class A common stock, $0.0001 par value per share | TRNE | New York Stock Exchange
Warrants to purchase Class A common stock | TRNE.WS | New York Stock Exchange Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None Indicate
by check mark if the Registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. YES ☐ NO
☒ Indicate
by check mark if the Registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Act. YES ☐ NO ☒ Indicate
by check mark whether the Registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the Registrant was required to file such
reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. YES ☒ NO ☐ Indicate
by check mark whether the Registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant
to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (§232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that
the Registrant was required to submit such files). YES ☒ NO ☐ Indicate
by check mark whether the Registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting
company, or an emerging growth company. See the definition of “large accelerated filer”, “accelerated filer”,
and “smaller reporting company” in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.: Large accelerated filer | ☐ | Accelerated filer | ☐
Non-accelerated filer | ☒ | Smaller reporting company | ☐
Emerging growth company | ☒ If
an emerging growth company, indicate by the check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period
for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. ☐ Indicate
by check mark whether the Registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). YES ☒ NO ☐ The
Registrant’s Units began trading on the New York Stock Exchange on March 15, 2019 and the Registrant’s shares of Class
A common stock began separate trading on the New York Stock Exchange on May 3, 2019. The aggregate market value of the Registrant’s
shares of Class A common stock outstanding, other than shares held by persons who may be deemed affiliates of the Registrant,
at June 28, 2019, was $292,045,950. As
of March 25, 2020, there were 30,015,000 shares of Class A common stock, $0.0001 par value, and 7,503,750 shares of Class
B common stock, $0.0001 par value, issued and outstanding. Documents
Incorporated by Reference: None. TABLE
OF CONTENTS Page
CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS | ii
PART I | 1
Item 1. | Business. | 1
Item 1A. | Risk Factors. | 22
Item 1B. | Unresolved Staff Comments. | 52
Item 2. | Properties. | 52
Item 3. | Legal Proceedings. | 52
Item 4. | Mine Safety Disclosures. | 52
PART II | 53
Item 5. | Market for Registrant’s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. | 53
Item 6. | Selected Financial Data. | 55
Item 7. | Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. | 55
Item 7A. | Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk | 59
Item 8. | Financial Statements and Supplementary Data | 59
Item 9. | Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure | 59
Item 9A. | Controls and Procedures. | 59
Item 9B. | Other Information. | 59
PART III | 60
Item 10. | Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance. | 60
Item 11. | Executive Compensation. | 72
Item 12. | Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. | 72
Item 13. | Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence. | 75
Item 14. | Principal Accounting Fees and Services. | 78
PART IV | 79
Item 15. | Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules. | 79
SIGNATURES | 80
POWERS OF ATTORNEY | 80 i CAUTIONARY
NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS This
annual report includes, and oral statements made from time to time by representatives of the Company may include, forward-looking
statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934, as amended (the “Exchange Act”). We have based these forward-looking statements on our current expectations
and projections about future events. These forward-looking statements are subject to known and unknown risks, uncertainties and
assumptions about us that may cause our actual results, levels of activity, performance or achievements to be materially different
from any future results, levels of activity, performance or achievements expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements.
In some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements by terminology such as “may,” “should,” “could,”
“would,” “expect,” “plan,” “anticipate,” “believe,” “estimate,”
“continue,” or the negative of such terms or other similar expressions. Such statements include, but are not limited
to, possible business combinations and the financing thereof, and related matters, as well as all other statements other than
statements of historical fact included in this annual report. Factors that might cause or contribute to such a discrepancy include,
but are not limited to, those described in our other Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”) filings. Forward-looking
statements in this annual report may include, for example, statements about: ● | our ability to select an appropriate target business or businesses; ● | our ability to complete our initial business combination; ● | our expectations around the performance of the prospective target business or businesses; ● | our success in retaining or recruiting, or changes required in, our officers, key employees or directors following our initial business combination; ● | our officers and directors allocating their time to other businesses and potentially having conflicts of interest with our business or in approving our initial business combination, as a result of which they would then receive expense reimbursements; ● | our potential ability to obtain additional financing to complete our initial business combination; ● | our pool of prospective target businesses; ● | the ability of our officers and directors to generate a number of potential acquisition opportunities; ● | our public securities’ potential liquidity and trading; ● | the lack of a market for our securities; ● | the use of proceeds not held in the trust account or available to us from interest income on the trust account balance; ● | the trust account not being subject to claims of third parties; or ● | our financial performance. The
forward-looking statements contained in this annual report are based on our current expectations and beliefs concerning future
developments and their potential effects on us. There can be no assurance that future developments affecting us will be those
that we have anticipated. These forward-looking statements involve a number of risks, uncertainties (some of which are beyond
our control) or other assumptions that may cause actual results or performance to be materially different from those expressed
or implied by these forward-looking statements. These risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, those factors described
under the heading “Item 1A. Risk Factors.” Should one or more of these risks or uncertainties materialize, or should
any of our assumptions prove incorrect, actual results may vary in material respects from those projected in these forward-looking
statements. We undertake no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information,
future events or otherwise, except as may be required under applicable securities laws. ii PART
I References
in this annual report to “we,” “us,” “company” or “our company” are to Trine Acquisition
Corp., a Delaware corporation. References to “management” or our “management team” are to our officers
and directors. References to our “sponsor” is to Trine Sponsor IH, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company. References
to our “initial stockholders” are to our sponsor and any other holders of our founder shares prior to our initial
public offering. References to “InterMedia” are to InterMedia Partners, LP and its affiliates, which are owned or
controlled by Leo Hindery, Jr., our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer. References to “HPS” are to our HPS Investment
Partners, LLC, a member of our sponsor, and its affiliates. Item 1. | Business. Introduction We
are a blank check company formed for the purpose of effecting a merger, capital stock exchange, asset acquisition, stock purchase,
reorganization or other similar business combination with one or more businesses, which we refer to throughout this annual report
as our initial business combination. We have reviewed a number of opportunities to enter into a business combination. We have
neither engaged in any operations nor generated any revenue to date. Based on our business activities, the Company is a “shell
company” as defined under the Exchange Act because we have no operations and nominal assets consisting almost entirely of
cash. Our
executive offices are located at 405 Lexington Avenue, 48 th Floor, New York, NY 10174 and our telephone number
is (212) 503-2850. Our corporate website address is trineacquisitioncorp.com. Our website and the information contained on, or
that can be accessed through, the website is not deemed to be incorporated by reference in, and is not considered part of, this
annual report. You should not rely on any such information in making your decision whether to invest in our securities. Company
History In
October 2018, Trine Sponsor LLC (the “Initial Sponsor”) purchased 8,625,000 shares of Class B convertible common stock
(our “founder shares”) for an aggregate purchase price of $25,000, or approximately $0.003 per share. As used herein,
unless the context otherwise requires, “founder shares” shall be deemed to include the shares of Class A common stock
issuable upon conversion thereof. On November 12, 2018, the Initial Sponsor transferred 25,000 shares of Class B common stock
to each of Ms. Linden and Messrs. Nathanson, Zuaiter and Sander in compensation for their services as independent directors of
the Company. In February 2019, the Initial Sponsor assigned 8,525,000 founder shares to the Sponsor. The founder shares are identical
to the Class A common stock included in the Units sold in the Initial Public Offering except that the founder shares automatically
convert into shares of Class A common stock at the time of the Company’s Initial Business Combination and are subject to
certain transfer restrictions, as described in more detail below. Holders of founder shares may also elect to convert their shares
of Class B convertible common stock into an equal number of shares of Class A common stock, subject to adjustment as provided
above, at any time. In February 2019, the Sponsor forfeited 1,437,500 founder shares and in March 2019, the Company effected a
1.044 for 1 stock dividend of the Class B convertible common stock, resulting in 7,503,750 founder shares issued and outstanding,
of which an aggregate of up to 978,750 founder shares were subject to forfeiture to the extent that the over-allotment option
was not exercised in full by the underwriters. The foregoing issuance was made pursuant to the exemption from registration contained
in Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (“Securities Act”). The number of founder shares issued
was determined based on the expectation that the founder shares would represent 20% of the outstanding shares of our Class A common
stock and our Class B common stock (collectively, our “common stock”) upon completion of the initial public offering
(the “Initial Public Offering”). On
March 19, 2019, we consummated the Initial Public Offering of 26,100,000 units (the “Units”). The Units were sold
at a price of $10.00 per Unit, generating gross proceeds to the Company of $261,000,000. The Company granted the underwriters
in the Initial Public Offering (the “Underwriters”) a 45-day option to purchase up to 3,915,000 additional Units to
cover over-allotments, if any. On March 29, 2019, the Underwriters exercised the over-allotment option in full and purchased an
additional 3,915,000 Units (the “Over-Allotment Units”), generating gross proceeds of $39,150,000. 1 Simultaneous with the consummation of the Initial Public Offering,
we consummated the private placement of an aggregate of 7,720,000 warrants, each exercisable to purchase one share of the Company’s
Class A common stock for $11.50 per share (“Private Placement Warrants”), to the Sponsor at a price of $1.00 per Private
Placement Warrant, generating total proceeds of $7,720,000. In connection with the Underwriters’ exercise of their over-allotment
option, the Sponsor purchased an additional 783,000 Private Placement Warrants, generating gross proceeds to the Company of $783,000.
Of the gross proceeds received from the Initial Public Offering and the Private Placement Warrants, $300,150,000 was placed in
a trust account (the “trust account”). On
April 29, 2019, we announced that, commencing May 3, 2019, holders of the Units may elect to separately trade the shares of Class
A common stock and the warrants included in the Units. Those Units not separated continued to trade on The New York Stock Exchange
(the “NYSE”) under the symbol “TRNE.U” and the shares of Class A common stock and warrants that were separated
trade under the symbols “TRNE” and “TRNE WS,” respectively. No fractional warrants were issued upon separation
of the Units and only whole warrants trade. Corporate
Information We
are an “emerging growth company,” as defined in Section 2(a) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities
Act, as modified by the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act of 2012, or the JOBS Act. As such, we are eligible to take advantage
of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not “emerging
growth companies” including, but not limited to, not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements
of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, or the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive
compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements, and exemptions from the requirements of holding a non-binding advisory
vote on executive compensation and stockholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved. If some investors
find our securities less attractive as a result, there may be a less active trading market for our securities and the prices of
our securities may be more volatile. In
addition, Section 107 of the JOBS Act also provides that an “emerging growth company” can take advantage of the extended
transition period provided in Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the Securities Act for complying with new or revised accounting standards.
In other words, an “emerging growth company” can delay the adoption of certain accounting standards until those standards
would otherwise apply to private companies. We intend to take advantage of the benefits of this extended transition period. We
will remain an emerging growth company until the earlier of: (1) the last day of the fiscal year (a) following the fifth anniversary
of the completion of the Initial Public Offering, (b) in which we have total annual gross revenue of at least $1.07 billion, or
(c) in which we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer, which means the market value of our Class A common stock that is held
by non-affiliates exceeds $700 million as of the end of the prior fiscal year’s second fiscal quarter; and (2) the date
on which we have issued more than $1.00 billion in non-convertible debt securities during the prior three-year period. References
herein to “emerging growth company” shall have the meaning associated with it in the JOBS Act. Initial
Business Combination NYSE
rules require that we must complete one or more business combinations having an aggregate fair market value of at least 80% of
the value of the assets held in the trust account (excluding the deferred underwriting commissions and taxes payable) at the time
of our signing a definitive agreement in connection with our initial business combination. Our board of directors will make the
determination as to the fair market value of our initial business combination. If our board of directors is not able to independently
determine the fair market value of our initial business combination, we will obtain an opinion from an independent investment
banking firm or another independent entity that commonly renders valuation opinions with respect to the satisfaction of such criteria.
While we consider it unlikely that our board of directors will not be able to make an independent determination of the fair market
value of our initial business combination, it may be unable to do so if it is less familiar or experienced with the business of
a particular target or if there is a significant amount of uncertainty as to the value of a target’s assets or prospects. 2 We
anticipate structuring our initial business combination either (i) in such a way so that the post-transaction company in which
our public stockholders own shares will own or acquire 100% of the equity interests or assets of the target business or businesses,
or (ii) in such a way so that the post-transaction company owns or acquires less than 100% of such interests or assets of the
target business in order to meet certain objectives of the target management team or stockholders, or for other reasons. However,
we will only complete an initial business combination if the post-transaction company owns or acquires 50% or more of the outstanding
voting securities of the target or otherwise acquires a controlling interest in the target sufficient for it not to be required
to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended, or the “Investment Company Act”.
Even if the post-transaction company owns or acquires 50% or more of the voting securities of the target, our stockholders prior
to the initial business combination may collectively own a minority interest in the post-transaction company, depending on valuations
ascribed to the target and us in the initial business combination. For example, we could pursue a transaction in which we issue
a substantial number of new shares in exchange for all of the outstanding capital stock of a target. In this case, we would acquire
a 100% controlling interest in the target. However, as a result of the issuance of a substantial number of new shares, our stockholders
immediately prior to our initial business combination could own less than a majority of our outstanding shares subsequent to our
initial business combination. If less than 100% of the equity interests or assets of a target business or businesses are owned
or acquired by the post-transaction company, the portion of such business or businesses that is owned or acquired is what will
be taken into account for purposes of the NYSE’s 80% of fair market value test. If the initial business combination involves
more than one target business, the 80% of fair market value test will be based on the aggregate value of all of the transactions
and we will treat the target businesses together as the initial business combination for purposes of a tender offer or for seeking
stockholder approval, as applicable. Our
Business Combination Process In
evaluating prospective business combinations, we expect to conduct a thorough due diligence review process that may encompass,
among other things, a review of historical and projected financial and operating data, meetings with management and their advisors
(if applicable), on-site inspection of facilities and assets, discussion with customers and suppliers, legal reviews and other
reviews as we deem appropriate. We
will also leverage our operational and capital allocation experience in order to: ● | Assemble a team of industry and financial experts: For each potential transaction, we intend to assemble a team of industry and financial experts to supplement our management’s efforts to identify and resolve key issues facing the company. We intend to construct an operating and financial plan which optimizes the potential to grow shareholder value. With extensive experience investing in both healthy and underperforming businesses, we expect that our management will be able to demonstrate to the target business and its stakeholders that we have the resources and expertise to lead the combined company through complex and often turbulent market conditions and provide the strategic and operational direction necessary to grow the business in order to maximize cash flows and improve the overall strategic prospects for the business; ● | Conduct rigorous research and analysis: Performing disciplined, bottom-up fundamental research and analysis is core to our strategy, and we intend to conduct extensive due diligence to evaluate the impact that a transaction may have on the target business; ● | Implement operating and financial structuring opportunities: We believe our management team has the ability to structure and execute a business combination which will provide the combined business with a capital structure that will support growth in shareholder value and give the combined company the flexibility needed to grow organically and/or through strategic acquisitions or divestitures. We intend to also develop and implement strategies and initiatives to improve the business’s operating and financial performance and create a platform for growth; and ● | Seek follow-on strategic acquisitions and divestitures to further grow shareholder value: The management team intends to analyze the strategic direction of the company and evaluate non-core asset sales to create financial and/or operating flexibility needed for the company to engage in organic or inorganic growth. Specifically, the management team intends to evaluate opportunities for industry consolidation in the company’s core lines of business as well as opportunities to vertically or horizontally integrate with other industry participants. 3 Following
our initial business combination, we intend to evaluate opportunities to enhance shareholder value, including developing and implementing
corporate strategies and initiatives to provide financial and operating runway such that the company can improve its profitability
and long-term value. In doing so, the management team anticipates evaluating corporate governance, opportunistically accessing
capital markets and other opportunities to enhance liquidity, identifying acquisition and divestiture opportunities, and properly
aligning management and board incentives with growing shareholder value. We
will also utilize the expertise of our management team and employees of InterMedia and HPS in analyzing companies in the technology,
consumer, and/or media and communications sectors and evaluating operating projections, financial projections and determining
the appropriate return expectations given the risk profile of the target business. We
are not prohibited from pursuing an initial business combination with a company that is affiliated with InterMedia, HPS or our
sponsor, officers or directors. In the event we seek to complete our initial business combination with a company that is affiliated
with InterMedia, HPS or our sponsor, officers or directors, we, or a committee of independent directors, will obtain an opinion
from independent investment banking firm or another independent entity that commonly renders valuation opinions that our initial
business combination is fair to our company from a financial point of view. Members
of our management team may directly or indirectly own our founders shares, common stock and/or Private Placement Warrants, and,
accordingly, may have a conflict of interest in determining whether a particular target business is an appropriate business with
which to effectuate our initial business combination. Further, each of our officers and directors may have a conflict of interest
with respect to evaluating a particular business combination if the retention or resignation of any such officers and directors
were to be included by a target business as a condition to any agreement with respect to our initial business combination. Certain
of the members of our management team are employed by InterMedia or HPS. InterMedia and HPS are continuously made aware of potential
business opportunities, one or more of which we may desire to pursue for an initial business combination; we have not, however,
selected any specific business combination target and we have not, nor has anyone on our behalf, initiated any substantive discussions,
directly or indirectly, with any business combination target. InterMedia,
HPS and each of our officers and directors presently has, and any of them in the future may have additional, fiduciary or contractual
obligations to other entities pursuant to which Intermedia, HPS or such officer or director (as the case may be) is or will be
required to present a business combination opportunity. Accordingly, if any of such persons or Intermedia or HPS becomes aware
of a business combination opportunity which is suitable for an entity to which such person or Intermedia or HPS has then-current
fiduciary or contractual obligations to present the opportunity to such entity, such person or Intermedia or HPS will honor his,
her or its fiduciary or contractual obligations to present such opportunity to such entity. We believe, however, that the fiduciary
duties or contractual obligations of InterMedia, and our officers or directors will not materially affect our ability to complete
our initial business combination, as we believe any such opportunities presented would in many cases be smaller than what we are
interested in, in different fields than what we would be interested in, or to entities that are not themselves in the business
of engaging in business combinations. Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that we renounce our interest
in any corporate opportunity offered to any director or officer unless such opportunity is expressly offered to such person solely
in his or her capacity as a director or officer of our company and such opportunity is one we are legally and contractually permitted
to undertake and would otherwise be reasonable for us to pursue, and to the extent the director or officer is permitted to refer
that opportunity to us without violating another fiduciary, contractual or other legal obligation. 4 HPS
and its affiliates manage a number of funds, separate accounts and other investment vehicles (“HPS Funds”). HPS Funds
may compete with us for acquisition opportunities. If these HPS Funds decide to pursue any such opportunity or have existing investments
in the issuer of such opportunity, we may be precluded from pursuing such opportunities. In addition, investment ideas generated
within HPS, including by any director affiliated with HPS, may be suitable for both us and for a current or future HPS Fund and
may be directed to such HPS Fund rather than to us. Neither HPS nor any members of our management team who are also employed by
HPS have any obligation to present us with any opportunity for a potential business combination of which they become aware. HPS
and/or members of our management team, in their capacities as officers, directors or employees of HPS or in their other endeavors,
may choose to present potential business combinations to the related entities described above, current or future HPS Funds, or
third parties, before they present such opportunities to us. In
addition, we may be limited in our ability to make investments and to sell existing investments because HPS may have material,
non-public information regarding the issuers of the applicable securities or as a result of an existing investment by HPS. We
may acquire a target in which one or more HPS Funds have an existing investment (or makes an investment at the same time or subsequently)
at a different or overlapping level of the target’s capital structure, creating a potential conflict between our position
and the applicable HPS Funds’ position especially in the event of a bankruptcy. HPS, HPS employees and HPS Funds may also
have or make investments in, establish or serve on the boards of, businesses that compete with the businesses we invest or seek
to invest in. HPS may sponsor other blank check companies similar to ours during the period in which we are seeking an initial
business combination and any officer or employee of HPS may serve as an officer or director of any such vehicle. Any such companies
may present additional conflicts of interest in pursuing an acquisition target. Our
officers and directors (other than our independent directors and any director affiliated with HPS) have agreed not to participate
in the formation of, or become an officer or director of, any other special purpose acquisition company with a class of securities
registered under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or the Exchange Act, until we have entered into a definitive
agreement regarding our initial business combination or we have failed to complete our initial business combination within 24
months after the closing of the Initial Public Offering, as such may be extended by shareholder approval. Value
Creation Philosophy Post-Merger After
the initial business combination, our management team intends to apply a rigorous approach to enhancing shareholder value, including
evaluating the experience and expertise of incumbent management and making changes when appropriate, examining opportunities for
revenue enhancement, cost savings, operating efficiencies and strategic acquisitions and divestitures, and accessing the financial
markets to optimize the company’s capital structure. Our management team intends to pursue post-merger initiatives through
participation on the board of directors, through direct involvement with company operations and/or calling upon former managers
and advisors when necessary. We currently expect these initiatives to include the following: ● | Corporate governance and oversight: Actively participating as board members can include many activities: (i) monthly or quarterly board meetings; (ii) chairing standing (compensation, audit or investment committees) or special committees; (iii) replacing or supplementing company management teams when necessary; (iv) adding outside directors with industry expertise which may or may not include members of our own board of directors; (v) providing guidance on strategic and operational issues including revenue enhancement opportunities, cost savings, operating efficiencies, reviewing and testing annual budgets, reviewing acquisitions and divestitures; and (vi) assisting in accessing capital markets to further optimize financing costs and fund expansion. As active members on the board of directors of the company, our management team members also intend to evaluate the suitability of the incumbent organization leaders; ● | Direct operations involvement: The management team members, through ongoing board service or direct leadership within the business combination, intend to actively engage with company management to effect positive changes in the organization. These activities may include: (i) establishing an agenda for management and instilling a sense of accountability and urgency; (ii) aligning the interests of management with growing shareholder value; (iii) providing strategic planning and management consulting assistance, particularly as regards re-invested capital and growth capital in order to grow revenues, achieve more optimal operating scale, and eliminate unnecessary costs; and (iv) establishing measurable key performance metrics and accretive internal processes; 5 ● | M&A expertise and add-on acquisitions: Our management team has expertise in identifying, acquiring and integrating both synergistic and margin-enhancing businesses. We intend to, wherever possible, utilize M&A as a strategic tool to strengthen both the financial profile of the business we acquire and its competitive positioning. We would only enter into accretive business combinations where our management team or the acquired company’s management team can seamlessly transition to working together as one organization and team; and ● | Access to portfolio company managers and advisors: Over their collective history of investing in and controlling businesses, our management team members have developed strong professional relationships with former successful company managers and advisors. When appropriate, we intend to bring in outside directors, managers and consultants to assist in corporate governance and operating turnaround activities. Status
as a Public Company We
believe our structure will make us an attractive business combination partner to target businesses. As a public company, we offer
a target business an alternative to the traditional initial public offering through a merger or other business combination with
us. Following an initial business combination, we believe the target business would have greater access to capital and additional
means of creating management incentives that are better aligned with stockholders’ interests than it would as a private
company. A target business can further benefit by augmenting its profile among potential new customers and vendors and aid in
attracting talented employees. In a business combination transaction with us, the owners of the target business may, for example,
exchange their shares of stock in the target business for our shares of Class A common stock (or shares of a new holding company)
or for a combination of our shares of Class A common stock and cash, allowing us to tailor the consideration to the specific needs
of the sellers. Although
there are various costs and obligations associated with being a public company, we believe target businesses will find this method
a more expeditious and cost-effective method to becoming a public company than the typical initial public offering. The typical
initial public offering process takes a significantly longer period of time than the typical business combination transaction
process, and there are significant expenses in the initial public offering process, including underwriting discounts and commissions,
marketing and road show efforts that may not be present to the same extent in connection with an initial business combination
with us. Furthermore,
once a proposed initial business combination is completed, the target business will have effectively become public, whereas an
initial public offering is always subject to the underwriters’ ability to complete the offering, as well as general market
conditions, which could delay or prevent the offering from occurring or could have negative valuation consequences. Following
an initial business combination, we believe the target business would then have greater access to capital and an additional means
of providing management incentives consistent with stockholders’ interests and the ability to use its shares as currency
for acquisitions. Being a public company can offer further benefits by augmenting a company’s profile among potential new
customers and vendors and aid in attracting talented employees. While
we believe that our structure and our management team’s backgrounds will make us an attractive business partner, some potential
target businesses may view our status as a blank check company, such as our lack of an operating history and our ability to seek
stockholder approval of any proposed initial business combination, negatively. We
are an “emerging growth company,” as defined in Section 2(a) of the Securities Act, as modified by the JOBS Act. As
such, we are eligible to take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other
public companies that are not “emerging growth companies” including, but not limited to, not being required to comply
with the independent registered public accounting firm attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, reduced
disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements, and exemptions from the
requirements of holding a non-binding advisory vote on executive compensation and stockholder approval of any golden parachute
payments not previously approved. If some investors find our securities less attractive as a result, there may be a less active
trading market for our securities and the prices of our securities may be more volatile. 6 In
addition, Section 107 of the JOBS Act also provides that an “emerging growth company” can take advantage of the extended
transition period provided in Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the Securities Act for complying with new or revised accounting standards.
In other words, an “emerging growth company” can delay the adoption of certain accounting standards until those standards
would otherwise apply to private companies. We intend to take advantage of the benefits of this extended transition period. We
will remain an emerging growth company until the earlier of (1) the last day of the fiscal year (a) following the fifth anniversary
of the completion of the Initial Public Offering, (b) in which we have total annual gross revenue of at least $1.07 billion, or
(c) in which we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer, which means the market value of our Class A common stock that is held
by non-affiliates exceeds $700 million as of the prior June 30th, and (2) the date on which we have issued more than $1.0 billion
in non-convertible debt securities during the prior three-year period. Financial
Position With
funds available for an initial business combination initially in the amount of $289,644,750 after payment of $10,505,250 of deferred
underwriting fees before fees and expenses associated with our initial business combination, we offer a target business a variety
of options such as creating a liquidity event for its owners, providing capital for the potential growth and expansion of its
operations or strengthening its balance sheet by reducing its debt or leverage ratio. Because we are able to complete our initial
business combination using our cash, debt or equity securities, or a combination of the foregoing, we have the flexibility to
use the most efficient combination that will allow us to tailor the consideration to be paid to the target business to fit its
needs and desires. However, we have not taken any steps to secure third party financing and there can be no assurance it will
be available to us. Effecting
our Initial Business Combination We
are not presently engaged in, and we will not engage in, any operations for an indefinite period of time. We intend to effectuate
our initial business combination using cash from the proceeds of the Initial Public Offering and the private placement of the
Private Placement Warrants, the proceeds of the sale of our shares in connection with our initial business combination (pursuant
to forward purchase agreements or backstop agreements we may enter into following the consummation of the Initial Public Offering
or otherwise), shares issued to the owners of the target, debt issued to bank or other lenders or the owners of the target, or
a combination of the foregoing. We may seek to complete our initial business combination with a company or business that may be
financially unstable or in its early stages of development or growth, which would subject us to the numerous risks inherent in
such companies and businesses. If
our initial business combination is paid for using equity or debt securities, or not all of the funds released from the trust
account are used for payment of the consideration in connection with our initial business combination or used for redemptions
of our Class A common stock, we may apply the balance of the cash released to us from the trust account for general corporate
purposes, including for maintenance or expansion of operations of the post-transaction company, the payment of principal or interest
due on indebtedness incurred in completing our initial business combination, to fund the purchase of other companies or for working
capital. We
may seek to raise additional funds through a private offering of debt or equity securities in connection with the completion of
our initial business combination, and we may effectuate our initial business combination using the proceeds of such offering rather
than using the amounts held in the trust account. In addition, we intend to target businesses larger than we could acquire with
the net proceeds of the Initial Public Offering and the sale of the Private Placement Warrants, and may as a result be required
to seek additional financing to complete such proposed initial business combination. Subject to compliance with applicable securities
laws, we would expect to complete such financing only simultaneously with the completion of our initial business combination.
In the case of an initial business combination funded with assets other than the trust account assets, our proxy materials or
tender offer documents disclosing the initial business combination would disclose the terms of the financing and, only if required
by law, we would seek stockholder approval of such financing. There are no prohibitions on our ability to raise funds privately
or through loans in connection with our initial business combination. At this time, we are not a party to any arrangement or understanding
with any third party with respect to raising any additional funds through the sale of securities or otherwise. 7 Sources
of Target Businesses We
anticipate that target business candidates will be brought to our attention from various unaffiliated sources, including investment
bankers and investment professionals. Target businesses may be brought to our attention by such unaffiliated sources as a result
of being solicited by us by calls or mailings. These sources may also introduce us to target businesses in which they think we
may be interested on an unsolicited basis, since many of these sources will have read registration statement in connection with
our Initial Public Offering and know what types of businesses we are targeting. Our officers and directors, as well as our sponsor
and their affiliates, may also bring to our attention target business candidates that they become aware of through their business
contacts as a result of formal or informal inquiries or discussions they may have, as well as attending trade shows or conventions.
In addition, we expect to receive a number of proprietary deal flow opportunities that would not otherwise necessarily be available
to us as a result of the business relationships of our officers and directors and our sponsor and their respective industry and
business contacts as well as their affiliates. While we do not presently anticipate engaging the services of professional firms
or other individuals that specialize in business acquisitions on any formal basis, we may engage these firms or other individuals
in the future, in which event we may pay a finder’s fee, consulting fee, advisory fee or other compensation to be determined
in an arm’s length negotiation based on the terms of the transaction. We will engage a finder only to the extent our management
determines that the use of a finder may bring opportunities to us that may not otherwise be available to us or if finders approach
us on an unsolicited basis with a potential transaction that our management determines is in our best interest to pursue. Payment
of finder’s fees is customarily tied to completion of a transaction, in which case any such fee will be paid out of the
funds held in the trust account. In no event will our sponsor or any of our existing officers or directors, or any entity with
which our sponsor or officers are affiliated, be paid any finder’s fee, reimbursement, consulting fee, monies in respect
of any payment of a loan or other compensation by the company prior to, or in connection with any services rendered for any services
they render in order to effectuate, the completion of our initial business combination (regardless of the type of transaction
that it is), except that we may pay HPS or the HPS Funds, entities affiliated with one of our directors, fees in connection with
potentially providing financing or other investments in connection with our initial business combination, which will not be made
from the proceeds of the Initial Public Offering held in the trust account prior to the completion of our initial business combination.
The amount of any fees we pay to HPS or the HPS Funds will be subject to the review of our audit committee pursuant to the audit
committee’s policies and procedures relating to transactions that may present conflicts of interest. The presence or absence
of any such fees or arrangements will not be used as a criterion in our selection process of an acquisition candidate. Although
(other than HPS as mentioned above) none of our sponsor, executive officers or directors, or any of their respective affiliates,
will be allowed to receive any compensation, finder’s fees or consulting fees from a prospective business combination target
in connection with a contemplated initial business combination, we do not have a policy that prohibits our sponsor, executive
officers or directors, or any of their respective affiliates, from negotiating for the reimbursement of out-of-pocket expenses
by a target business. We have agreed to pay an affiliate of our sponsor a total of $35,000 per month for office space, utilities
and secretarial and administrative support and to reimburse our sponsor for any out-of-pocket expenses related to identifying,
investigating and completing an initial business combination. Some of our officers and directors may enter into employment or
consulting agreements with the post-transaction company following our initial business combination. The presence or absence of
any such fees or arrangements will not be used as a criterion in our selection process of an initial business combination candidate. We
are not prohibited from pursuing an initial business combination with a company that is affiliated with InterMedia, HPS or our
sponsor, officers or directors, or their respective affiliates. In the event we seek to complete our initial business combination
with a company that is affiliated with InterMedia, HPS or our sponsor, officers or directors, or their respective affiliates,
we, or a committee of independent directors, will obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm or another independent
entity that commonly renders valuation opinions that our initial business combination is fair to our company from a financial
point of view. We are not required to obtain such an opinion in any other context. 8 As
more fully discussed in the section entitled “Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance—Conflicts
of Interest,” if any of our officers or directors becomes aware of an initial business combination opportunity that falls
within the line of business of any entity to which he or she has pre-existing fiduciary or contractual obligations, he or she
may be required to present such business combination opportunity to such entity prior to presenting such business combination
opportunity to us. Our officers and directors currently have certain relevant fiduciary duties or contractual obligations that
may take priority over their duties to us. Selection
of a Target Business and Structuring of our Initial Business Combination NYSE
rules require that we must complete one or more business combinations having an aggregate fair market value of at least 80% of
the value of the assets held in the trust account (excluding the deferred underwriting commissions and taxes payable) at the time
of our signing a definitive agreement in connection with our initial business combination. The fair market value of our initial
business combination will be determined by our board of directors based upon one or more standards generally accepted by the financial
community, such as discounted cash flow valuation, a valuation based on trading multiples of comparable public businesses or a
valuation based on the financial metrics of M&A transactions of comparable businesses. If our board of directors is not able
to independently determine the fair market value of our initial business combination, we will obtain an opinion from an independent
investment banking firm or another independent entity that commonly renders valuation opinions with respect to the satisfaction
of such criteria. While we consider it unlikely that our board of directors will not be able to make an independent determination
of the fair market value of our initial business combination, it may be unable to do so if it is less familiar or experienced
with the business of a particular target or if there is a significant amount of uncertainty as to the value of a target’s
assets or prospects. We do not intend to purchase multiple businesses in unrelated industries in conjunction with our initial
business combination. Subject to this requirement, our management will have virtually unrestricted flexibility in identifying
and selecting one or more prospective target businesses, although we will not be permitted to effectuate our initial business
combination with another blank check company or a similar company with nominal operations. In
any case, we will only complete an initial business combination in which we own or acquire 50% or more of the outstanding voting
securities of the target or otherwise acquire a controlling interest in the target sufficient for it not to be required to register
as an investment company under the Investment Company Act. If we own or acquire less than 100% of the equity interests or assets
of a target business or businesses, the portion of such business or businesses that are owned or acquired by the post-transaction company
is what will be taken into account for purposes of the NYSE’s 80% of fair market value test. There is no basis for investors
in the Initial Public Offering to evaluate the possible merits or risks of any target business with which we may ultimately complete
our initial business combination. To
the extent we effect our initial business combination with a company or business that may be financially unstable or in its early
stages of development or growth we may be affected by numerous risks inherent in such company or business. Although our management
will endeavor to evaluate the risks inherent in a particular target business, we cannot assure you that we will properly ascertain
or assess all significant risk factors. In
evaluating a prospective business target, we expect to conduct a thorough due diligence review, which may encompass, among other
things, meetings with incumbent management and employees, document reviews, interviews of customers and suppliers, inspection
of facilities, as well as a review of financial and other information that will be made available to us. The
time required to select and evaluate a target business and to structure and complete our initial business combination, and the
costs associated with this process, are not currently ascertainable with any degree of certainty. Any costs incurred with respect
to the identification and evaluation of a prospective target business with which our initial business combination is not ultimately
completed will result in our incurring losses and will reduce the funds we can use to complete another business combination. 9 Lack
of Business Diversification For
an indefinite period of time after the completion of our initial business combination, the prospects for our success may depend
entirely on the future performance of a single business. Unlike other entities that have the resources to complete business combinations
with multiple entities in one or several industries, it is probable that we will not have the resources to diversify our operations
and mitigate the risks of being in a single line of business. In addition, we intend to focus our search for an initial business
combination in a single industry. By completing our initial business combination with only a single entity, our lack of diversification
may: ● | subject us to negative economic, competitive and regulatory developments, any or all of which may have a substantial adverse impact on the particular industry in which we operate after our initial business combination; and ● | cause us to depend on the marketing and sale of a single product or limited number of products or services. Limited
Ability to Evaluate the Target’s Management Team Although
we intend to closely scrutinize the management of a prospective target business when evaluating the desirability of effecting
our initial business combination with that business, our assessment of the target business’ management may not prove to
be correct. In addition, the future management may not have the necessary skills, qualifications or abilities to manage a public
company. Furthermore, the future role of members of our management team, if any, in the target business cannot presently be stated
with any certainty. The determination as to whether any of the members of our management team will remain with the combined company
will be made at the time of our initial business combination. While it is possible that one or more of our directors will remain
associated in some capacity with us following our initial business combination, it is unlikely that any of them will devote their
full efforts to our affairs subsequent to our initial business combination. Moreover, we cannot assure you that members of our
management team will have significant experience or knowledge relating to the operations of the particular target business. We
cannot assure you that any of our key personnel will remain in senior management or advisory positions with the combined company.
The determination as to whether any of our key personnel will remain with the combined company will be made at the time of our
initial business combination. Following
an initial business combination, we may seek to recruit additional managers to supplement the incumbent management of the target
business. We cannot assure you that we will have the ability to recruit additional managers, or that additional managers will
have the requisite skills, knowledge or experience necessary to enhance the incumbent management. Stockholders
May Not Have the Ability to Approve our Initial Business Combination We
may conduct redemptions without a stockholder vote pursuant to the tender offer rules of the SEC. However, we will seek stockholder
approval if it is required by law or applicable stock exchange rule, or we may decide to seek stockholder approval for business
or other legal reasons. Presented in the table below is a graphic explanation of the types of initial business combinations we
may consider and whether stockholder approval is currently required under Delaware law for each such transaction. Type of Transaction | Whether Stockholder Approval is Required
Purchase of assets | No
Purchase of stock of target not involving a merger with the company | No
Merger of target into a subsidiary of the company | No
Merger of the company with a target | Yes 10 Under
the NYSE’s listing rules, stockholder approval would be required for our initial business combination if, for example: ● | we issue shares of Class A common stock that will be equal to or in excess of 20% of the number of shares of our Class A common stock then outstanding; ● | any of our directors, officers or substantial security holders (as defined by the NYSE rules) has a 5% or greater interest, directly or indirectly, in the target business or assets to be acquired and if the number of shares of common stock to be issued, or if the number of shares of common stock into which the securities may be convertible or exercisable, exceeds either (a) 1% of the number of shares of common stock or 1% of the voting power outstanding before the issuance in the case of any of our directors and officers or (b) 5% of the number of shares of common stock or 5% of the voting power outstanding before the issuance in the case of any substantial security holders; or ● | the issuance or potential issuance of common stock will result in our undergoing a change of control. Permitted
Purchases of our Securities If
we seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial
business combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, our sponsor, initial stockholders, directors, officers, advisors or their
affiliates may purchase shares or public warrants in privately negotiated transactions or in the open market either prior to or
following the completion of our initial business combination. There is no limit on the number of shares our initial stockholders,
directors, officers, advisors or their affiliates may purchase in such transactions, subject to compliance with applicable law
and NYSE rules. However, they have no current commitments, plans or intentions to engage in such transactions and have not formulated
any terms or conditions for any such transactions. If they engage in such transactions, they will not make any such purchases
when they are in possession of any material nonpublic information not disclosed to the seller or if such purchases are prohibited
by Regulation M under the Exchange Act. We do not currently anticipate that such purchases, if any, would constitute a tender
offer subject to the tender offer rules under the Exchange Act or a going-private transaction subject to the going-private rules
under the Exchange Act; however, if the purchasers determine at the time of any such purchases that the purchases are subject
to such rules, the purchasers will comply with such rules. Any such purchases will be reported pursuant to Section 13 and Section
16 of the Exchange Act to the extent such purchasers are subject to such reporting requirements. None of the funds held in the
trust account will be used to purchase shares or public warrants in such transactions prior to completion of our initial business
combination. The
purpose of any such purchases of shares could be to vote such shares in favor of the initial business combination and thereby
increase the likelihood of obtaining stockholder approval of the initial business combination or to satisfy a closing condition
in an agreement with a target that requires us to have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash at the closing of our initial
business combination, where it appears that such requirement would otherwise not be met. The purpose of any such purchases of
public warrants could be to reduce the number of public warrants outstanding or to vote such warrants on any matters submitted
to the warrant holders for approval in connection with our initial business combination. Any such purchases of our securities
may result in the completion of our initial business combination that may not otherwise have been possible. In addition, if such
purchases are made, the public “float” of our shares of Class A common stock or warrants may be reduced and the number
of beneficial holders of our securities may be reduced, which may make it difficult to maintain or obtain the quotation, listing
or trading of our securities on a national securities exchange. Our
sponsor, officers, directors and/or their affiliates anticipate that they may identify the stockholders with whom our sponsor,
officers, directors or their affiliates may pursue privately negotiated purchases by either the stockholders contacting us directly
or by our receipt of redemption requests submitted by stockholders following our mailing of proxy materials in connection with
our initial business combination. To the extent that our sponsor, officers, directors, advisors or their affiliates enter into
a private purchase, they would identify and contact only potential selling stockholders who have expressed their election to redeem
their shares for a pro rata share of the trust account or vote against our initial business combination, whether or not such stockholder
has already submitted a proxy with respect to our initial business combination. Our sponsor, officers, directors, advisors or
their affiliates will only purchase shares if such purchases comply with Regulation M under the Exchange Act and the other federal
securities laws. 11 Any
purchases by our sponsor, officers, directors and/or their affiliates who are affiliated purchasers under Rule 10b-18 under
the Exchange Act will only be made to the extent such purchases are able to be made in compliance with Rule 10b-18, which is a
safe harbor from liability for manipulation under Section 9(a)(2) and Rule 10b-5 of the Exchange Act. Rule 10b-18 has
certain technical requirements that must be complied with in order for the safe harbor to be available to the purchaser. Our sponsor,
officers, directors and/or their affiliates will not make purchases of common stock if the purchases would violate Section 9(a)(2)
or Rule 10b-5 of the Exchange Act. Any such purchases will be reported pursuant to Section 13 and Section 16 of the Exchange
Act to the extent such purchases are subject to such reporting requirements. Redemption
Rights for Public Stockholders upon Completion of our Initial Business Combination We
will provide our public stockholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their shares of Class A common stock upon
the completion of our initial business combination at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on
deposit in the trust account as of two business days prior to the consummation of the initial business combination including interest
earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our taxes, divided by the number of then
outstanding public shares, subject to the limitations described herein. The amount in the trust account is initially anticipated
to be approximately $10.00 per public share. The per-share amount we will distribute to investors who properly redeem their shares
will not be reduced by the deferred underwriting commissions we will pay to the underwriters. Our sponsor, officers and directors
have entered into a letter agreement with us, pursuant to which they have agreed to waive their redemption rights with respect
to any founder shares and any public shares held by them in connection with the completion of our initial business combination
(the “letter agreement”). Manner
of Conducting Redemptions We
will provide our public stockholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their shares of Class A common stock upon
the completion of our initial business combination either (i) in connection with a stockholder meeting called to approve the initial
business combination or (ii) by means of a tender offer. The decision as to whether we will seek stockholder approval of a proposed
initial business combination or conduct a tender offer will be made by us, solely in our discretion, and will be based on a variety
of factors such as the timing of the transaction and whether the terms of the transaction would require us to seek stockholder
approval under the law or stock exchange listing requirement. Under NYSE rules, asset acquisitions and stock purchases would not
typically require stockholder approval while direct mergers with our company where we do not survive and any transactions where
we issue more than 20% of our outstanding common stock or seek to amend our amended and restated certificate of incorporation
would require stockholder approval. If we structure an initial business combination with a target company in a manner that requires
stockholder approval, we will not have discretion as to whether to seek a stockholder vote to approve the proposed initial business
combination. We may conduct redemptions without a stockholder vote pursuant to the tender offer rules of the SEC unless stockholder
approval is required by law or stock exchange listing requirements or we choose to seek stockholder approval for business or other
legal reasons. So long as we obtain and maintain a listing for our securities on the NYSE, we will be required to comply with
such rules. If
a stockholder vote is not required and we do not decide to hold a stockholder vote for business or other legal reasons, we will,
pursuant to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation: ● | conduct the redemptions pursuant to Rule 13e-4 and Regulation 14E of the Exchange Act, which regulate issuer tender offers; and ● | file tender offer documents with the SEC prior to completing our initial business combination which contain substantially the same financial and other information about the initial business combination and the redemption rights as is required under Regulation 14A of the Exchange Act, which regulates the solicitation of proxies. Upon
the public announcement of our initial business combination, we or our sponsor will terminate any plan established in accordance
with Rule 10b5-1 to purchase shares of our Class A common stock in the open market if we elect to redeem our public shares through
a tender offer, to comply with Rule 14e-5 under the Exchange Act. 12 In
the event we conduct redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules, our offer to redeem will remain open for at least 20 business
days, in accordance with Rule 14e-1(a) under the Exchange Act, and we will not be permitted to complete our initial business combination
until the expiration of the tender offer period. In addition, the tender offer will be conditioned on public stockholders not
tendering more than a specified number of public shares which are not purchased by our sponsor, which number will be based on
the requirement that we may not redeem public shares in an amount that would cause our net tangible assets to be less than $5,000,001
upon consummation of our initial business combination and after payment of underwriters’ fees and commissions (so that we
are not subject to the SEC’s “penny stock” rules) or any greater net tangible asset or cash requirement which
may be contained in the agreement relating to our initial business combination. If public stockholders tender more shares than
we have offered to purchase, we will withdraw the tender offer and not complete the initial business combination. If,
however, stockholder approval of the transaction is required by law or stock exchange listing requirement, or we decide to obtain
stockholder approval for business or other legal reasons, we will, pursuant to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation: ● | conduct the redemptions in conjunction with a proxy solicitation pursuant to Regulation 14A of the Exchange Act, which regulates the solicitation of proxies, and not pursuant to the tender offer rules; and ● | file proxy materials with the SEC. In
the event that we seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination, we will distribute proxy materials and, in connection
therewith, provide our public stockholders with the redemption rights described above upon completion of the initial business
combination. If
we seek stockholder approval, we will complete our initial business combination only if a majority of the outstanding shares of
common stock voted are voted in favor of the initial business combination. A quorum for such meeting will consist of the holders
present in person or by proxy of shares of outstanding capital stock of the company representing a majority of the voting power
of all outstanding shares of capital stock of the company entitled to vote at such meeting. Our initial stockholders will count
toward this quorum and pursuant to the letter agreement, our sponsor, officers and directors have agreed to vote their founder
shares and any public shares purchased during or after the Initial Public Offering (including in open market and privately negotiated
transactions) in favor of our initial business combination. For purposes of seeking approval of the majority of our outstanding
shares of common stock voted, non-votes will have no effect on the approval of our initial business combination once a quorum
is obtained. As a result, in addition to our initial stockholders’ founder shares, we would need only 11,255,625, or 37.5%,
of the 30,015,000 public shares sold in the Initial Public Offering to be voted in favor of an initial business combination (assuming
all outstanding shares are voted) in order to have our initial business combination approved. We intend to give approximately
30 days (but not less than 10 days nor more than 60 days) prior written notice of any such meeting, if required, at which a vote
shall be taken to approve our initial business combination. These quorum and voting thresholds, and the voting agreements of our
initial stockholders, may make it more likely that we will consummate our initial business combination. Each public stockholder
may elect to redeem its public shares irrespective of whether they vote for or against the proposed transaction. Our
amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that in no event will we redeem our public shares in an amount that
would cause our net tangible assets to be less than $5,000,001 upon consummation of our initial business combination and after
payment of underwriters’ fees and commissions (so that we are not subject to the SEC’s “penny stock” rules)
or any greater net tangible asset or cash requirement which may be contained in the agreement relating to our initial business
combination. For example, the proposed initial business combination may require: (i) cash consideration to be paid to the target
or its owners, (ii) cash to be transferred to the target for working capital or other general corporate purposes or (iii) the
retention of cash to satisfy other conditions in accordance with the terms of the proposed initial business combination. In the
event the aggregate cash consideration we would be required to pay for all shares of Class A common stock that are validly submitted
for redemption plus any amount required to satisfy cash conditions pursuant to the terms of the proposed initial business combination
exceed the aggregate amount of cash available to us, we will not complete the initial business combination or redeem any shares,
and all shares of Class A common stock submitted for redemption will be returned to the holders thereof. 13 Limitation
on Redemption upon Completion of our Initial Business Combination if we Seek Stockholder Approval Notwithstanding
the foregoing, if we seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection
with our initial business combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation
provides that a public stockholder, together with any affiliate of such stockholder or any other person with whom such stockholder
is acting in concert or as a “group” (as defined under Section 13 of the Exchange Act), will be restricted from seeking
redemption rights with respect to more than an aggregate of 15% of the shares sold in the Initial Public Offering, which we refer
to as the “Excess Shares.” Such restriction shall also be applicable to our affiliates. We believe this restriction
will discourage stockholders from accumulating large blocks of shares, and subsequent attempts by such holders to use their ability
to exercise their redemption rights against a proposed initial business combination as a means to force us or our management to
purchase their shares at a significant premium to the then-current market price or on other undesirable terms. Absent this provision,
a public stockholder holding more than an aggregate of 15% of the shares sold in the Initial Public Offering could threaten to
exercise its redemption rights if such holder’s shares are not purchased by us or our management at a premium to the then-current
market price or on other undesirable terms. By limiting our stockholders’ ability to redeem no more than 15% of the shares
sold in the Initial Public Offering without our prior consent, we believe we will limit the ability of a small group of stockholders
to unreasonably attempt to block our ability to complete our initial business combination, particularly in connection with an
initial business combination with a target that requires as a closing condition that we have a minimum net worth or a certain
amount of cash. However, we would not be restricting our stockholders’ ability to vote all of their shares (including Excess
Shares) for or against our initial business combination. Tendering
Stock Certificates in Connection with a Tender Offer or Redemption Rights We
may require our public stockholders seeking to exercise their redemption rights, whether they are record holders or hold their
shares in “street name,” to either tender their certificates to our transfer agent prior to the date set forth in
the tender offer documents or proxy materials mailed to such holders, or up to two business days prior to the vote on the proposal
to approve the initial business combination in the event we distribute proxy materials, or to deliver their shares to the transfer
agent electronically using the Depository Trust Company’s DWAC (Deposit/Withdrawal At Custodian) System, at the holder’s
option. The tender offer or proxy materials, as applicable, that we will furnish to holders of our public shares in connection
with our initial business combination will indicate whether we are requiring public stockholders to satisfy such delivery requirements.
Accordingly, a public stockholder would have from the time we send out our tender offer materials until the close of the tender
offer period, or up to two days prior to the vote on the initial business combination if we distribute proxy materials, as applicable,
to tender its shares if it wishes to seek to exercise its redemption rights. Given the relatively short exercise period, it is
advisable for stockholders to use electronic delivery of their public shares. 14 There
is a nominal cost associated with the above-referenced tendering process and the act of certificating the shares or delivering
them through the DWAC System. The transfer agent will typically charge the tendering broker $80.00 and it would be up to the broker
whether or not to pass this cost on to the redeeming holder. However, this fee would be incurred regardless of whether or not
we require holders seeking to exercise redemption rights to tender their shares. The need to deliver shares is a requirement of
exercising redemption rights regardless of the timing of when such delivery must be effectuated. The
foregoing is different from the procedures used by many blank check companies. In order to perfect redemption rights in connection
with their business combinations, many blank check companies would distribute proxy materials for the stockholders’ vote
on an initial business combination, and a holder could simply vote against a proposed initial business combination and check a
box on the proxy card indicating such holder was seeking to exercise his or her redemption rights. After the initial business
combination was approved, the company would contact such stockholder to arrange for him or her to deliver his or her certificate
to verify ownership. As a result, the stockholder then had an “option window” after the completion of the initial
business combination during which he or she could monitor the price of the company’s stock in the market. If the price rose
above the redemption price, he or she could sell his or her shares in the open market before actually delivering his or her shares
to the company for cancellation. As a result, the redemption rights, to which stockholders were aware they needed to commit before
the stockholder meeting, would become “option” rights surviving past the completion of the initial business combination
until the redeeming holder delivered its certificate. The requirement for physical or electronic delivery prior to the meeting
ensures that a redeeming holder’s election to redeem is irrevocable once the initial business combination is approved. Any
request to redeem such shares, once made, may be withdrawn at any time up to the date set forth in the tender offer materials
or the date of the stockholder meeting set forth in our proxy materials, as applicable. Furthermore, if a holder of a public share
delivered its certificate in connection with an election of redemption rights and subsequently decides prior to the applicable
date not to elect to exercise such rights, such holder may simply request that the transfer agent return the certificate (physically
or electronically). It is anticipated that the funds to be distributed to holders of our public shares electing to redeem their
shares will be distributed promptly after the completion of our initial business combination. If
our initial business combination is not approved or completed for any reason, then our public stockholders who elected to exercise
their redemption rights would not be entitled to redeem their shares for the applicable pro rata share of the trust account. In
such case, we will promptly return any certificates delivered by public holders who elected to redeem their shares. If
our initial proposed initial business combination is not completed, we may continue to try to complete an initial business combination
with a different target until 24 months from the closing of the Initial Public Offering. Redemption
of Public Shares and Liquidation if no Initial Business Combination Our
amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that we will have only 24 months from the closing of the Initial
Public Offering to complete our initial business combination. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination within
such 24-month period, we will: (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably
possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the public shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash,
equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account
and not previously released to us to pay our taxes (less up to $100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the
number of then outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public stockholders’ rights as stockholders
(including the right to receive further liquidating distributions, if any), subject to applicable law, and (iii) as promptly as
reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining stockholders and our board of directors,
dissolve and liquidate, subject in each case to our obligations under Delaware law to provide for claims of creditors and the
requirements of other applicable law. There will be no redemption rights or liquidating distributions with respect to our warrants,
which will expire worthless if we fail to complete our initial business combination within the 24-month time period. 15 Our
sponsor, officers and directors have entered into a letter agreement with us, pursuant to which they have waived their rights
to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to any founder shares held by them if we fail to complete our
initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of the Initial Public Offering. However, if our sponsor, officers
or directors acquire public shares in or after the Initial Public Offering, they will be entitled to liquidating distributions
from the trust account with respect to such public shares if we fail to complete our initial business combination within the allotted
24-month time period. Our
sponsor, officers and directors have agreed, pursuant to a written agreement with us, that they will not propose any amendment
to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation (i) to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to redeem 100%
of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of the Initial
Public Offering or (ii) with respect to any other provision relating to stockholders’ rights or pre-initial business
combination activity, unless we provide our public stockholders with the opportunity to redeem their shares of Class A common
stock upon approval of any such amendment at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit
in the trust account including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay
our taxes divided by the number of then outstanding public shares. However, we may not redeem our public shares in an amount that
would cause our net tangible assets to be less than $5,000,001 upon consummation of our initial business combination and after
payment of underwriters’ fees and commissions (so that we are not subject to the SEC’s “penny stock” rules).
If this optional redemption right is exercised with respect to an excessive number of public shares such that we cannot satisfy
the net tangible asset requirement (described above), we would not proceed with the amendment or the related redemption of our
public shares at such time. We
expect that all costs and expenses associated with implementing our plan of dissolution, as well as payments to any creditors,
will be funded from amounts remaining out of the approximately $1,800,000 of proceeds held outside the trust account, although
we cannot assure you that there will be sufficient funds for such purpose. We will depend on sufficient interest being earned
on the proceeds held in the trust account to pay any tax obligations we may owe. However, if those funds are not sufficient to
cover the costs and expenses associated with implementing our plan of dissolution, to the extent that there is any interest accrued
in the trust account not required to pay taxes on interest income earned on the trust account balance, we may request the trustee
to release to us an additional amount of up to $100,000 of such accrued interest to pay those costs and expenses. If
we were to expend all of the net proceeds of the Initial Public Offering and the sale of the Private Placement Warrants, other
than the proceeds deposited in the trust account, and without taking into account interest, if any, earned on the trust account,
the per-share redemption amount received by stockholders upon our dissolution would be approximately $10.00. The proceeds
deposited in the trust account could, however, become subject to the claims of our creditors which would have higher priority
than the claims of our public stockholders. We cannot assure you that the actual per-share redemption amount received by
stockholders will not be substantially less than $10.00. Under Section 281(b) of the DGCL, our plan of dissolution must provide
for all claims against us to be paid in full or make provision for payments to be made in full, as applicable, if there are sufficient
assets. These claims must be paid or provided for before we make any distribution of our remaining assets to our stockholders.
While we intend to pay such amounts, if any, we cannot assure you that we will have funds sufficient to pay or provide for all
creditors’ claims. Although
we will seek to have all vendors, service providers, prospective target businesses or other entities with which we do business
execute agreements with us waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies held in the trust account
for the benefit of our public stockholders, there is no guarantee that they will execute such agreements or even if they execute
such agreements that they would be prevented from bringing claims against the trust account including but not limited to fraudulent
inducement, breach of fiduciary responsibility or other similar claims, as well as claims challenging the enforceability of the
waiver, in each case in order to gain an advantage with respect to a claim against our assets, including the funds held in the
trust account. If any third party refuses to execute an agreement waiving such claims to the monies held in the trust account,
our management will perform an analysis of the alternatives available to it and will only enter into an agreement with a third
party that has not executed a waiver if management believes that such third party’s engagement would be significantly more
beneficial to us than any alternative. Examples of possible instances where we may engage a third party that refuses to execute
a waiver include the engagement of a third-party consultant whose particular expertise or skills are believed by management
to be significantly superior to those of other consultants that would agree to execute a waiver or in cases where management is
unable to find a service provider willing to execute a waiver. Marcum LLP, our independent registered public accounting firm,
and the underwriters of the offering will not execute agreements with us waiving such claims to the monies held in the trust account. 16 In
addition, there is no guarantee that such entities will agree to waive any claims they may have in the future as a result of,
or arising out of, any negotiations, contracts or agreements with us and will not seek recourse against the trust account for
any reason. Our sponsor has agreed that it will be liable to us if and to the extent any claims by a third party for services
rendered or products sold to us, or a prospective target business with which we have entered into a written letter of intent,
confidentiality or similar agreement or business combination agreement, reduce the amount of funds in the trust account to below
the lesser of (i) $10.00 per public share and (ii) the actual amount per public share held in the trust account as of the date
of the liquidation of the trust account, if less than $10.00 per share due to reductions in the value of the trust assets, less
taxes payable, provided that such liability will not apply to any claims by a third party or prospective target business who executed
a waiver of any and all rights to the monies held in the trust account (whether or not such waiver is enforceable) nor will it
apply to any claims under our indemnity of the underwriters of the Initial Public Offering against certain liabilities, including
liabilities under the Securities Act. However, we have not asked our sponsor to reserve for such indemnification obligations,
nor have we independently verified whether our sponsor has sufficient funds to satisfy its indemnity obligations and believe that
our sponsor’s only assets are securities of our company. Therefore, we cannot assure you that our sponsor would be able
to satisfy those obligations. None of our officers, directors or members of our sponsor will indemnify us for claims by third
parties including, without limitation, claims by vendors and prospective target businesses. In
the event that the proceeds in the trust account are reduced below (i) $10.00 per public share or (ii) such lesser amount per
public share held in the trust account as of the date of the liquidation of the trust account, due to reductions in value of the
trust assets, in each case net of the amount of interest which may be withdrawn to pay taxes, and our sponsor asserts that it
is unable to satisfy its indemnification obligations or that it has no indemnification obligations related to a particular claim,
our independent directors would determine whether to take legal action against our sponsor to enforce its indemnification obligations.
While we currently expect that our independent directors would take legal action on our behalf against our sponsor to enforce
its indemnification obligations to us, it is possible that our independent directors in exercising their business judgment may
choose not to do so if, for example, the cost of such legal action is deemed by the independent directors to be too high relative
to the amount recoverable or if the independent directors determine that a favorable outcome is not likely. We have not asked
our sponsor to reserve for such indemnification obligations and we cannot assure you that our sponsor would be able to satisfy
those obligations. Accordingly, we cannot assure you that due to claims of creditors the actual value of the per-share redemption
price will not be less than $10.00 per public share. We
will seek to reduce the possibility that our sponsor will have to indemnify the trust account due to claims of creditors by endeavoring
to have all vendors, service providers, prospective target businesses or other entities with which we do business execute agreements
with us waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to monies held in the trust account. Our sponsor will also
not be liable as to any claims under our indemnity of the underwriters of the Initial Public Offering against certain liabilities,
including liabilities under the Securities Act. We will have access to up to approximately $1,800,000 from the proceeds of the
Initial Public Offering with which to pay any such potential claims (including costs and expenses incurred in connection with
our liquidation, currently estimated to be no more than approximately $100,000). In the event that we liquidate and it is subsequently
determined that the reserve for claims and liabilities is insufficient, stockholders who received funds from our trust account
could be liable for claims made by creditors. In the event that our offering expenses exceed our estimate of $700,000, we may
fund such excess with funds from the funds not to be held in the trust account. In such case, the amount of funds we intend to
be held outside the trust account would decrease by a corresponding amount. Conversely, in the event that the offering expenses
are less than our estimate of $700,000, the amount of funds we intend to be held outside the trust account would increase by a
corresponding amount. Under
the DGCL, stockholders may be held liable for claims by third parties against a corporation to the extent of distributions received
by them in a dissolution. The pro rata portion of our trust account distributed to our public stockholders upon the redemption
of our public shares in the event we do not complete our initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of
the Initial Public Offering may be considered a liquidating distribution under Delaware law. If the corporation complies with
certain procedures set forth in Section 280 of the DGCL intended to ensure that it makes reasonable provision for all claims against
it, including a 60-day notice period during which any third-party claims can be brought against the corporation, a 90-day period
during which the corporation may reject any claims brought, and an additional 150-day waiting period before any liquidating
distributions are made to stockholders, any liability of stockholders with respect to a liquidating distribution is limited to
the lesser of such stockholder’s pro rata share of the claim or the amount distributed to the stockholder, and any liability
of the stockholder would be barred after the third anniversary of the dissolution. 17 Furthermore,
if the pro rata portion of our trust account distributed to our public stockholders upon the redemption of our public shares in
the event we do not complete our initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of the Initial Public Offering,
is not considered a liquidating distribution under Delaware law and such redemption distribution is deemed to be unlawful (potentially
due to the imposition of legal proceedings that a party may bring or due to other circumstances that are currently unknown), then
pursuant to Section 174 of the DGCL, the statute of limitations for claims of creditors could then be six years after the unlawful
redemption distribution, instead of three years, as in the case of a liquidating distribution. If we are unable to complete our
initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of the Initial Public Offering, we will: (i) cease all operations
except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter,
redeem the public shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust
account including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our taxes (less
up to $100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, which redemption
will completely extinguish public stockholders’ rights as stockholders (including the right to receive further liquidating
distributions, if any), subject to applicable law, and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject
to the approval of our remaining stockholders and our board of directors, dissolve and liquidate, subject in each case to our
obligations under Delaware law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. Accordingly, it
is our intention to redeem our public shares as soon as reasonably possible following our 24 th month and, therefore,
we do not intend to comply with those procedures. As such, our stockholders could potentially be liable for any claims to the
extent of distributions received by them (but no more) and any liability of our stockholders may extend well beyond the third
anniversary of such date. Because
we will not be complying with Section 280, Section 281(b) of the DGCL requires us to adopt a plan, based on facts known to us
at such time that will provide for our payment of all existing and pending claims or claims that may be potentially brought against
us within the subsequent 10 years. However, because we are a blank check company, rather than an operating company, and our operations
will be limited to searching for prospective target businesses to acquire, the only likely claims to arise would be from our vendors
(such as lawyers, investment bankers, etc.) or prospective target businesses. As described above, pursuant to the obligation contained
in our underwriting agreement, we will seek to have all vendors, service providers, prospective target businesses or other entities
with which we do business execute agreements with us waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies
held in the trust account. As a result of this obligation, the claims that could be made against us are significantly limited
and the likelihood that any claim that would result in any liability extending to the trust account is remote. Further, our sponsor
may be liable only to the extent necessary to ensure that the amounts in the trust account are not reduced below (i) $10.00 per
public share or (ii) such lesser amount per public share held in the trust account as of the date of the liquidation of the trust
account, due to reductions in value of the trust assets, in each case net of the amount of interest withdrawn to pay taxes and
will not be liable as to any claims under our indemnity of the underwriters of the Initial Public Offering against certain liabilities,
including liabilities under the Securities Act. In the event that an executed waiver is deemed to be unenforceable against a third
party, our sponsor will not be responsible to the extent of any liability for such third-party claims. If
we file a bankruptcy petition or an involuntary bankruptcy petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, the proceeds held
in the trust account could be subject to applicable bankruptcy law, and may be included in our bankruptcy estate and subject to
the claims of third parties with priority over the claims of our stockholders. To the extent any bankruptcy claims deplete the
trust account, we cannot assure you we will be able to return $10.00 per share to our public stockholders. Additionally, if we
file a bankruptcy petition or an involuntary bankruptcy petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, any distributions
received by stockholders could be viewed under applicable debtor/creditor and/or bankruptcy laws as either a “preferential
transfer” or a “fraudulent conveyance.” As a result, a bankruptcy court could seek to recover some or all amounts
received by our stockholders. Furthermore, our board of directors may be viewed as having breached its fiduciary duty to our creditors
and/or may have acted in bad faith, thereby exposing itself and our company to claims of punitive damages, by paying public stockholders
from the trust account prior to addressing the claims of creditors. We cannot assure you that claims will not be brought against
us for these reasons. 18 Our
public stockholders will be entitled to receive funds from the trust account only upon the earlier to occur of: (i) the completion
of our initial business combination, (ii) the redemption of any public shares properly tendered in connection with a stockholder
vote to amend any provisions of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation (A) to modify the substance or timing of
our obligation to redeem 100% of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination within 24 months
from the closing of the Initial Public Offering or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to stockholders’ rights
or pre-initial business combination activity, and (iii) the redemption of all of our public shares if we are unable to complete
our business combination within 24 months from the closing of the Initial Public Offering, subject to applicable law. In
no other circumstances will a stockholder have any right or interest of any kind to or in the trust account. In the event we seek
stockholder approval in connection with our initial business combination, a stockholder’s voting in connection with the
initial business combination alone will not result in a stockholder’s redeeming its shares to us for an applicable pro rata
share of the trust account. Such stockholder must have also exercised its redemption rights as described above. These provisions
of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation, like all provisions of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation,
may be amended with a stockholder vote. Amended
and Restated Certificate of Incorporation Our
amended and restated certificate of incorporation contains certain requirements and restrictions relating to the Initial Public
Offering that will apply to us until the completion of our initial business combination. These provisions cannot be amended without
the approval of the holders of 65% of our common stock. Our initial stockholders, who collectively beneficially own 20% of our
common stock, will participate in any vote to amend our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and will have the discretion
to vote in any manner they choose. Specifically, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides, among other things,
that: ● | If we are unable to complete our initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of the Initial Public Offering, we will (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter subject to lawfully available funds therefor, redeem 100% of the public shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our taxes (less up to $100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public stockholders’ rights as stockholders (including the right to receive further liquidating distributions, if any), subject to applicable law, and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining stockholders and our board of directors, dissolve and liquidate, subject in each case to our obligations under Delaware law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law; ● | Prior to our initial business combination, we may not issue additional shares of capital stock that would entitle the holders thereof to (i) receive funds from the trust account or (ii) vote on any initial business combination; ● | Although we do not intend to enter into an initial business combination with a target business that is affiliated with our sponsor, directors or officers, we are not prohibited from doing so. In the event we enter into such a transaction, we, or a committee of independent directors, will obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm or another independent entity that commonly renders valuation opinions that such an initial business combination is fair to our company from a financial point of view; 19 ● | If a stockholder vote on our initial business combination is not required by law and we do not decide to hold a stockholder vote for business or other legal reasons, we will offer to redeem our public shares pursuant to Rule 13e-4 and Regulation 14E of the Exchange Act, and will file tender offer documents with the SEC prior to completing our initial business combination which contain substantially the same financial and other information about our initial business combination and the redemption rights as is required under Regulation 14A of the Exchange Act; whether or not we maintain our registration under the our Exchange Act or our listing on NYSE, we will provide our public stockholders with the opportunity to redeem their public shares by one of the two methods listed above; ● | So long as we obtain and maintain a listing for our securities on the NYSE, NYSE rules require that we must complete one or more business combinations having an aggregate fair market value of at least 80% of the value of the assets held in the trust account (excluding the deferred underwriting commissions and taxes payable) at the time of our signing a definitive agreement in connection with our initial business combination; ● | If our stockholders approve an amendment to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation (i) to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to redeem 100% of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of the Initial Public Offering or (ii) with respect to any other provision relating to stockholders’ rights or pre-business combination activity, we will provide our public stockholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their shares of Class A common stock upon such approval at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our taxes, divided by the number of then outstanding public shares; and ● | We will not effectuate our initial business combination with another blank check company or a similar company with nominal operations. In
addition, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provide s that under no circumstances will we redeem our
public shares in an amount that would cause our net tangible assets to be less than $5,000,001 upon consummation of our initial
business combination and after payment of underwriters’ fees and commissions. Comparison
of Redemption or Purchase Prices in Connection with Our Initial Business Combination and if We Fail to Complete Our Initial Business
Combination The
following table compares the redemptions and other permitted purchases of public shares that may take place in connection with
the completion of our initial business combination and if we are unable to complete our initial business combination within 24
months from the closing of the Initial Public Offering. Redemptions in Connection with our Initial Business Combination | Other Permitted Purchases of Public Shares by us or our Affiliates | Redemptions if we fail to Complete an Initial Business Combination
Calculation of redemption price | Redemptions at the time of our initial business combination may be made pursuant to a tender offer or in connection with a stockholder vote. The redemption price will be the same whether we conduct redemptions pursuant to a tender offer or in connection with a stockholder vote. In either case, our public stockholders may redeem their public shares for cash equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account as of two business days prior to the consummation of the initial business combination (which is initially anticipated to be $10.00 per public share), including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our taxes divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, subject to the limitation that no redemptions will take place, if all of the redemptions would cause our net tangible assets to be less than $5,000,001 upon consummation of our initial business combination and any limitations (including but not limited to cash requirements) agreed to in connection with the negotiation of terms of a proposed initial business combination. | If we seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination, our sponsor, directors, officers, advisors or their affiliates may purchase shares in privately negotiated transactions or in the open market prior to or following completion of our initial business combination. There is no limit to the prices that our sponsor, directors, officers, advisors or their affiliates may pay in these transactions. | If we are unable to complete our initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of the Initial Public Offering, we will redeem all public shares at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount, then on deposit in the trust account (which is initially anticipated to be $10.00 per public share including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our taxes (less up to $100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then outstanding public shares.
Impact to remaining stockholders | The redemptions in connection with our initial business combination will reduce the book value per share for our remaining stockholders, who will bear the burden of the deferred underwriting commissions and taxes payable. | If the permitted purchases described above are made there would be no impact to our remaining stockholders because the purchase price would not be paid by us. | The redemption of our public shares if we fail to complete our initial business combination will reduce the book value per share for the shares held by our initial stockholders, who will be our only remaining stockholders after such redemptions. 20 Competition In
identifying, evaluating and selecting a target business for our initial business combination, we may encounter competition from
other entities having a business objective similar to ours, including other blank check companies, private equity groups and leveraged
buyout funds, and operating businesses seeking strategic business combinations. Many of these entities are well established and
have extensive experience identifying and effecting business combinations directly or through affiliates. Moreover, many of these
competitors possess greater financial, technical, human and other resources than we do. Our ability to acquire larger target businesses
will be limited by our available financial resources. This inherent limitation gives others an advantage in pursuing the initial
business combination of a target business. Furthermore, our obligation to pay cash in connection with our public stockholders
who exercise their redemption rights may reduce the resources available to us for our initial business combination and our outstanding
warrants, and the future dilution they potentially represent, may not be viewed favorably by certain target businesses. Either
of these factors may place us at a competitive disadvantage in successfully negotiating an initial business combination. Facilities We
currently maintain our executive offices at 405 Lexington Avenue, 48 th Floor, New York, NY 10174 and our telephone
number is (212) 503-2855. Our executive offices are provided to us by our sponsor. The cost for this space is included in the
$35,000 per month fee that we pay to an affiliate of our sponsor for office space, administrative and support services. We consider
our current office space adequate for our current operations. Employees We
currently have 4 officers. These individuals are not obligated to devote any specific number of hours to our matters but they
intend to devote as much of their time as they deem necessary to our affairs until we have completed our initial business combination.
The amount of time they will devote in any time period will vary based on whether a target business has been selected for our
initial business combination and the stage of the initial business combination process we are in. Aside from our Chief Financial
Officer, we do not intend to have any full-time employees prior to the completion of our initial business combination. Periodic
Reporting and Financial Information Our
units, Class A common stock and warrants are registered under the Exchange Act and we have reporting obligations, including the
requirement that we file annual, quarterly and current reports with the SEC. The SEC maintains an internet site at http://www.sec.gov
that contains such reports, proxy and information statements and other information regarding issuers that file electronically
with the SEC. In accordance with the requirements of the Exchange Act, our annual reports contain financial statements audited
and reported on by our independent registered public accounting firm. We
will provide stockholders with audited financial statements of the prospective target business as part of the tender offer materials
or proxy solicitation materials sent to stockholders to assist them in assessing the target business. These financial statements
may be required to be prepared in accordance with, or be reconciled to, United States generally accepted accounting principles
(“GAAP”) or international financial reporting standards as promulgated by the international accounting standards board
(“IFRS”), depending on the circumstances and the historical financial statements may be required to be audited in
accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (“PCAOB”). These financial statement
requirements may limit the pool of potential targets we may conduct an initial business combination with because some targets
may be unable to provide such statements in time for us to disclose such statements in accordance with federal proxy rules and
complete our initial business combination within the prescribed time frame. We cannot assure you that any particular target business
identified by us as a potential business combination candidate will have financial statements prepared in accordance with GAAP
or that the potential target business will be able to prepare its financial statements in accordance with the requirements outlined
above. To the extent that these requirements cannot be met, we may not be able to acquire the proposed target business. While
this may limit the pool of potential business combination candidates, we do not believe that this limitation will be material. We
are required to evaluate our internal control procedures for the fiscal year ending December 31, 2020 as required by the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act. Only in the event we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer or an accelerated filer, and no longer qualify as an emerging
growth company, will we be required to have our internal control procedures audited. A target company may not be in compliance
with the provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act regarding adequacy of their internal controls. The development of the internal controls
of any such entity to achieve compliance with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act may increase the time and costs necessary to complete any
such business combination. We have filed a Registration Statement on Form 8-A with the SEC to voluntarily register our securities
under Section 12 of the Exchange Act. As a result, we are subject to the rules and regulations promulgated under the Exchange
Act. We have no current intention of filing a Form 15 to suspend our reporting or other obligations under the Exchange Act prior
or subsequent to the consummation of our initial business combination. We
will remain an emerging growth company until the earlier of (1) the last day of the fiscal year (a) following the fifth anniversary
of the completion of the Initial Public Offering, (b) in which we have total annual gross revenue of at least $1.07 billion, or
(c) in which we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer, which means the market value of our shares of Class A common stock
that are held by non-affiliates exceeds $700 million as of the prior June 30th, and (2) the date on which we have issued more
than $1.0 billion in non-convertible debt during the prior three-year period. Legal
Proceedings There
is no material litigation, arbitration or governmental proceeding currently pending against us or any members of our management
team in their capacity as such. 21 Item 1A. | Risk Factors. An
investment in our securities involves a high degree of risk. You should consider carefully all of the risks described below, together
with the other information contained in this annual report, the prospectus associated with our Initial Public Offering and the
registration statement of which such prospectus forms a part before making a decision to invest in our securities. If any of the
following events occur, our business, financial condition and operating results may be materially adversely affected. In that
event, the trading price of our securities could decline, and you could lose all or part of your investment. We
are a recently incorporated company with no operating history and no revenues, and you have no basis on which to evaluate our
ability to achieve our business objective. We
are a recently incorporated company with no operating results, and we will not commence operations until completing a business
combination. Because we lack an operating history, you have no basis upon which to evaluate our ability to achieve our business
objective of completing our initial business combination with one or more target businesses. We have no plans, arrangements or
understandings with any prospective target business concerning an initial business combination and may be unable to complete our
initial business combination. If we fail to complete our initial business combination, we will never generate any operating revenues. Our
public stockholders may not be afforded an opportunity to vote on our proposed initial business combination, which means we may
complete our initial business combination even though a majority of our public stockholders do not support such a combination. We
may choose not to hold a stockholder vote to approve our initial business combination unless the initial business combination
would require stockholder approval under applicable law or stock exchange listing requirements or if we decide to hold a stockholder
vote for business or other legal reasons. Except as required by law, the decision as to whether we will seek stockholder approval
of a proposed initial business combination or will allow stockholders to sell their shares to us in a tender offer will be made
by us, solely in our discretion, and will be based on a variety of factors, such as the timing of the transaction and whether
the terms of the transaction would otherwise require us to seek stockholder approval. Accordingly, we may complete our initial
business combination even if holders of a majority of our public shares do not approve of the initial business combination we
consummate. See “Item 1. Business—Stockholders May Not have the Ability to Approve Our Initial Business Combination”
for additional information. If
we seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination, our initial stockholders have agreed to vote in favor of such
initial business combination, regardless of how our public stockholders vote. Pursuant
to the letter agreement, our sponsor, officers and directors have agreed to vote their founder shares, as well as any public shares
purchased during or after the Initial Public Offering (including in open market and privately negotiated transactions), in favor
of our initial business combination. As a result, in addition to our initial stockholders’ founder shares, we would need
only 11,255,625, or 37.5%, of the 30,015,000 public shares sold in the Initial Public Offering to be voted in favor of an initial
business combination (assuming all outstanding shares are voted) in order to have our initial business combination approved. Our
initial stockholders own shares representing 20% of our outstanding shares of common stock. Accordingly, if we seek stockholder
approval of our initial business combination, the agreement by our initial stockholders to vote in favor of our initial business
combination will increase the likelihood that we will receive the requisite stockholder approval for such initial business combination. Your
only opportunity to affect the investment decision regarding a potential business combination will be limited to the exercise
of your right to redeem your shares from us for cash, unless we seek stockholder approval of the initial business combination. At
the time of your investment in us, you will not be provided with an opportunity to evaluate the specific merits or risks of our
initial business combination. Since our board of directors may complete an initial business combination without seeking stockholder
approval, public stockholders may not have the right or opportunity to vote on the initial business combination, unless we seek
such stockholder vote. Accordingly, if we do not seek stockholder approval, your only opportunity to affect the investment decision
regarding a potential business combination may be limited to exercising your redemption rights within the period of time (which
will be at least 20 business days) set forth in our tender offer documents mailed to our public stockholders in which we describe
our initial business combination. 22 The
ability of our public stockholders to redeem their shares for cash may make our financial condition unattractive to potential
business combination targets, which may make it difficult for us to enter into an initial business combination with a target. We
may seek to enter into an initial business combination agreement with a prospective target that requires as a closing condition
that we have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash. If too many public stockholders exercise their redemption rights,
we would not be able to meet such closing condition and, as a result, would not be able to proceed with the initial business combination.
Furthermore, in no event will we redeem our public shares in an amount that would cause our net tangible assets to be less than
$5,000,001 upon consummation of our initial business combination and after payment of underwriters’ fees and commissions
(so that we are not subject to the SEC’s “penny stock” rules) or any greater net tangible asset or cash requirement
which may be contained in the agreement relating to our initial business combination. Consequently, if accepting all properly
submitted redemption requests would cause our net tangible assets to be less than $5,000,001 upon consummation of our initial
business combination and after payment of underwriters’ fees and commissions or such greater amount necessary to satisfy
a closing condition as described above, we would not proceed with such redemption and the related business combination and may
instead search for an alternate business combination. Prospective targets will be aware of these risks and, thus, may be reluctant
to enter into an initial business combination with us. The
ability of our public stockholders to exercise redemption rights with respect to a large number of our shares may not allow us
to complete the most desirable business combination or optimize our capital structure. At
the time we enter into an agreement for our initial business combination, we will not know how many stockholders may exercise
their redemption rights, and therefore will need to structure the transaction based on our expectations as to the number of shares
that will be submitted for redemption. If our initial business combination agreement requires us to use a portion of the cash
in the trust account to pay the purchase price, or requires us to have a minimum amount of cash at closing, we will need to reserve
a portion of the cash in the trust account to meet such requirements, or arrange for third party financing. In addition, if a
larger number of shares are submitted for redemption than we initially expected, we may need to restructure the transaction to
reserve a greater portion of the cash in the trust account or arrange for third party financing. Raising additional third party
financing may involve dilutive equity issuances or the incurrence of indebtedness at higher than desirable levels. Furthermore,
this dilution would increase to the extent that the anti-dilution provisions of the Class B common stock result in the issuance
of Class A shares on a greater than one-to-one basis upon conversion of the Class B common stock at the time of our business combination.
The above considerations may limit our ability to complete the most desirable business combination available to us or optimize
our capital structure. The amount of the deferred underwriting commissions payable to the underwriters will not be adjusted for
any shares that are redeemed in connection with an initial business combination. The per-share amount we will distribute to stockholders
who properly exercise their redemption rights will not be reduced by the deferred underwriting commission and after such redemptions,
the per-share value of shares held by non-redeeming stockholders will reflect our obligation to pay the deferred underwriting
commissions. The
ability of our public stockholders to exercise redemption rights with respect to a large number of our shares could increase the
probability that our initial business combination would be unsuccessful and that you would have to wait for liquidation in order
to redeem your stock. If
our initial business combination agreement requires us to use a portion of the cash in the trust account to pay the purchase price,
or requires us to have a minimum amount of cash at closing, the probability that our initial business combination would be unsuccessful
is increased. If our initial business combination is unsuccessful, you would not receive your pro rata portion of the trust account
until we liquidate the trust account. If you are in need of immediate liquidity, you could attempt to sell your stock in the open
market; however, at such time our stock may trade at a discount to the pro rata amount per share in the trust account. In either
situation, you may suffer a material loss on your investment or lose the benefit of funds expected in connection with our redemption
until we liquidate or you are able to sell your stock in the open market. 23 The
requirement that we complete our initial business combination within the prescribed time frame may give potential target businesses
leverage over us in negotiating a business combination and may decrease our ability to conduct due diligence on potential business
combination targets as we approach our dissolution deadline, which could undermine our ability to complete our initial business
combination on terms that would produce value for our stockholders. Any
potential target business with which we enter into negotiations concerning an initial business combination will be aware that
we must complete our initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of the Initial Public Offering. Consequently,
such target business may obtain leverage over us in negotiating an initial business combination, knowing that if we do not complete
our initial business combination with that particular target business, we may be unable to complete our initial business combination
with any target business. This risk will increase as we get closer to the timeframe described above. In addition, we may have
limited time to conduct due diligence and may enter into our initial business combination on terms that we would have rejected
upon a more comprehensive investigation. We
may not be able to complete our initial business combination within the prescribed time frame, in which case we would cease all
operations except for the purpose of winding up and we would redeem our public shares and liquidate, in which case our public
stockholders may only receive $10.00 per share, or less than such amount in certain circumstances, and our warrants will expire
worthless. Our
amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that we must complete our initial business combination within 24 months
from the closing of the Initial Public Offering. We may not be able to find a suitable target business and complete our initial
business combination within such time period. If we have not completed our initial business combination within such time period,
we will: (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than
ten business days thereafter, redeem the public shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then
on deposit in the trust account including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to
us to pay our taxes (less up to $100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then outstanding public
shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public stockholders’ rights as stockholders (including the right to
receive further liquidating distributions, if any), subject to applicable law, and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following
such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining stockholders and our board of directors, dissolve and liquidate, subject
in each case to our obligations under Delaware law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable
law. In such case, our public stockholders may only receive $10.00 per share, and our warrants will expire worthless. In certain
circumstances, our public stockholders may receive less than $10.00 per share on the redemption of their shares. See “—
If third parties bring claims against us, the proceeds held in the trust account could be reduced and the per-share redemption
amount received by stockholders may be less than $10.00 per share” and other risk factors included herein. If
we seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination, our sponsor, directors, officers, advisors and their affiliates
may elect to purchase shares or warrants from public stockholders, which may influence a vote on a proposed initial business combination
and reduce the public “float” of our Class A common stock. If
we seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial
business combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, our sponsor, directors, officers, advisors or their affiliates may purchase
shares or public warrants or a combination thereof in privately negotiated transactions or in the open market either prior to
or following the completion of our initial business combination, although they are under no obligation to do so. However, they
have no current commitments, plans or intentions to engage in such transactions and have not formulated any terms or conditions
for any such transactions. None of the funds in the trust account will be used to purchase shares or public warrants in such transactions. 24 Such
a purchase may include a contractual acknowledgement that such stockholder, although still the record holder of our shares is
no longer the beneficial owner thereof and therefore agrees not to exercise its redemption rights. In the event that our sponsor,
directors, officers, advisors or their affiliates purchase shares in privately negotiated transactions from public stockholders
who have already elected to exercise their redemption rights, such selling stockholders would be required to revoke their prior
elections to redeem their shares. The purpose of such purchases could be to vote such shares in favor of the initial business
combination and thereby increase the likelihood of obtaining stockholder approval of the initial business combination, or to satisfy
a closing condition in an agreement with a target that requires us to have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash at
the closing of our initial business combination, where it appears that such requirement would otherwise not be met. The purpose
of any such purchases of public warrants could be to reduce the number of public warrants outstanding or to vote such warrants
on any matters submitted to the warrant holders for approval in connection with our initial business combination. Any such purchases
of our securities may result in the completion of our initial business combination that may not otherwise have been possible.
Any such purchases will be reported pursuant to Section 13 and Section 16 of the Exchange Act to the extent such purchasers are
subject to such reporting requirements. In
addition, if such purchases are made, the public “float” of our Class A common stock or public warrants and the number
of beneficial holders of our securities may be reduced, possibly making it difficult to obtain or maintain the quotation, listing
or trading of our securities on a national securities exchange. If
a stockholder fails to receive notice of our offer to redeem our public shares in connection with our initial business combination,
or fails to comply with the procedures for tendering its shares, such shares may not be redeemed. We
will comply with the tender offer rules or proxy rules, as applicable, when conducting redemptions in connection with our initial
business combination. Despite our compliance with these rules, if a stockholder fails to receive our tender offer or proxy materials,
as applicable, such stockholder may not become aware of the opportunity to redeem its shares. In addition, proxy materials or
tender offer documents, as applicable, that we will furnish to holders of our public shares in connection with our initial business
combination will describe the various procedures that must be complied with in order to validly tender or redeem public shares.
For example, we may require our public stockholders seeking to exercise their redemption rights, whether they are record holders
or hold their shares in “street name,” to either tender their certificates to our transfer agent prior to the date
set forth in the tender offer or proxy materials documents mailed to such holders, or up to two business days prior to the vote
on the proposal to approve the initial business combination in the event we distribute proxy materials, or to deliver their shares
to the transfer agent electronically. In the event that a stockholder fails to comply with these or any other procedures, its
shares may not be redeemed. Please see “Item 1. Business—Tendering Stock Certificates in Connection with a Tender
Offer or Redemption Rights.” You
will not have any rights or interests in funds from the trust account, except under certain limited circumstances. To liquidate
your investment, therefore, you may be forced to sell your public shares or warrants, potentially at a loss. Our
public stockholders will be entitled to receive funds from the trust account only upon the earliest to occur of: (i) our completion
of an initial business combination, and then only in connection with those shares of Class A common stock that such stockholder
properly elected to redeem, subject to the limitations described herein, (ii) the redemption of any public shares properly submitted
in connection with a stockholder vote to amend our amended and restated certificate of incorporation (A) to modify the substance
or timing of our obligation to redeem 100% of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination within
24 months from the closing of the Initial Public Offering or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to stockholders’
rights or pre-initial business combination activity and (iii) the redemption of our public shares if we are unable to complete
an initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of the Initial Public Offering, subject to applicable law and
as further described herein. In no other circumstances will a public stockholder have any right or interest of any kind in the
trust account. Holders of warrants will not have any right to the proceeds held in the trust account with respect to the warrants.
Accordingly, to liquidate your investment, you may be forced to sell your public shares or warrants, potentially at a loss. 25 The
NYSE may delist our securities from trading on its exchange, which could limit investors’ ability to make transactions in
our securities and subject us to additional trading restrictions. Our
units, Class A common stock and warrants are listed on the NYSE. Although we expect to continue to meet the minimum initial listing
standards set forth in the NYSE listing standards, we cannot assure you that our securities will be, or will continue to be, listed
on the NYSE in the future or prior to our initial business combination. In order to continue listing our securities on the NYSE
prior to our initial business combination, we must maintain certain financial, distribution and stock price levels. Generally,
we must maintain a minimum number of holders of our securities (400 public holders). Additionally, in connection with our initial
business combination, we will be required to demonstrate compliance with NYSE’s initial listing requirements, which are
more rigorous than NYSE’s continued listing requirements, in order to continue to maintain the listing of our securities
on NYSE. For instance, our stock price would generally be required to be at least $4 per share. We cannot assure you that we will
be able to meet those initial listing requirements at that time. If the NYSE delists our securities from trading on its exchange
and we are not able to list our securities on another national securities exchange, we expect our securities could be quoted on
an over-the-counter market. If this were to occur, we could face significant material adverse consequences, including: ● | a limited availability of market quotations for our securities; ● | reduced liquidity for our securities; ● | a determination that our Class A common stock is a “penny stock” which will require brokers trading in our Class A common stock to adhere to more stringent rules and possibly result in a reduced level of trading activity in the secondary trading market for our securities; ● | a limited amount of news and analyst coverage; and ● | a decreased ability to issue additional securities or obtain additional financing in the future. The National Securities Markets Improvement Act of 1996, which is a federal statute, prevents or preempts the states from regulating the sale of certain securities, which are referred to as “covered securities.” Because our units, Class A common stock and warrants are listed on the NYSE, our units, Class A common stock and warrants will qualify as covered securities under such statute. Although the states are preempted from regulating the sale of our securities, the federal statute does allow the states to investigate companies if there is a suspicion of fraud, and, if there is a finding of fraudulent activity, then the states can regulate or bar the sale of covered securities in a particular case. While we are not aware of a state having used these powers to prohibit or restrict the sale of securities issued by blank check companies, other than the State of Idaho, certain state securities regulators view blank check companies unfavorably and might use these powers, or threaten to use these powers, to hinder the sale of securities of blank check companies in their states. Further, if we were no longer listed on the NYSE, our securities would not qualify as covered securities under such statute and we would be subject to regulation in each state in which we offer our securities, including in connection with our initial business combination. You
will not be entitled to protections normally afforded to investors of many other blank check companies. Since
the net proceeds of the Initial Public Offering and the sale of the Private Placement Warrants are intended to be used to complete
an initial business combination with a target business that has not been identified, we may be deemed to be a “blank check”
company under the United States securities laws. However, because we have net tangible assets in excess of $5,000,000 and file
Current Reports on Form 8-K, including an audited balance sheet of our company demonstrating this fact, we are exempt from rules
promulgated by the SEC to protect investors in blank check companies, such as Rule 419. Accordingly, investors will not be afforded
the benefits or protections of those rules. Among other things, this means our units will be immediately tradable and we will
have a longer period of time to complete our initial business combination than do companies subject to Rule 419. Moreover, if
the Initial Public Offering were subject to Rule 419, that rule would prohibit the release of any interest earned on funds held
in the trust account to us unless and until the funds in the trust account were released to us in connection with our completion
of our initial business combination. 26 If
we seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions pursuant to the tender offer
rules, and if you or a “group” of stockholders are deemed to hold in excess of 15% of our Class A common stock, you
will lose the ability to redeem all such shares in excess of 15% of our Class A common stock. If
we seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial
business combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that a
public stockholder, together with any affiliate of such stockholder or any other person with whom such stockholder is acting in
concert or as a “group” (as defined under Section 13 of the Exchange Act), will be restricted from seeking redemption
rights with respect to more than an aggregate of 15% of the shares sold in the Initial Public Offering, without our prior consent,
which we refer to as the “Excess Shares.” However, we would not be restricting our stockholders’ ability to
vote all of their shares (including Excess Shares) for or against our initial business combination. Your inability to redeem the
Excess Shares will reduce your influence over our ability to complete our initial business combination and you could suffer a
material loss on your investment in us if you sell Excess Shares in open market transactions. Additionally, you will not receive
redemption distributions with respect to the Excess Shares if we complete our initial business combination. And as a result, you
will continue to hold that number of shares exceeding 15% and, in order to dispose of such shares, would be required to sell your
stock in open market transactions, potentially at a loss. Because
of our limited resources and the significant competition for business combination opportunities, it may be more difficult for
us to complete our initial business combination. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination, our public stockholders
may receive only approximately $10.00 per share on our redemption of our public shares, or less in certain circumstances, and
our warrants will expire worthless. We
expect to encounter competition from other entities having a business objective similar to ours, including private investors (which
may be individuals or investment partnerships), other blank check companies and other entities competing for the types of businesses
we intend to acquire. Many of these individuals and entities are well-established and have extensive experience in identifying
and effecting, directly or indirectly, acquisitions of companies operating in or providing services to various industries. Many
of these competitors possess similar technical, human and other resources to ours, and our financial resources will be relatively
limited when contrasted with those of many of these competitors. While we believe there are numerous target businesses we could
potentially acquire with the net proceeds of the Initial Public Offering and the sale of the Private Placement Warrants, our ability
to compete with respect to the acquisition of certain target businesses that are sizable will be limited by our available financial
resources. This
inherent competitive limitation gives others an advantage in pursuing the acquisition of certain target businesses. Furthermore,
because we are obligated to pay cash for the shares of Class A common stock which our public stockholders redeem in connection
with our initial business combination, target companies will be aware that this may reduce the resources available to us for our
initial business combination. This may place us at a competitive disadvantage in successfully negotiating an initial business
combination. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination, our public stockholders may receive only approximately
$10.00 per share on the liquidation of our trust account and our warrants will expire worthless. In certain circumstances, our
public stockholders may receive less than $10.00 per share upon our liquidation. See “—If third parties bring claims
against us, the proceeds held in the trust account could be reduced and the per-share redemption amount received by stockholders
may be less than $10.00 per share” and other risk factors herein. 27 If
the net proceeds of the Initial Public Offering and the sale of the Private Placement Warrants not being held in the trust account
are insufficient to allow us to operate for at least the next 24 months, we may be unable to complete our initial business
combination, in which case our public stockholders may only receive $10.00 per share, or less than such amount in certain circumstances,
and our warrants will expire worthless. The
funds available to us outside of the trust account may not be sufficient to allow us to operate for at least the next 24 months,
assuming that our initial business combination is not completed during that time. We believe that the funds available to us outside
of the trust account will be sufficient to allow us to operate for at least the next 24 months; however, we cannot assure you
that our estimate is accurate. Of the funds available to us, we could use a portion of the funds available to us to pay fees to
consultants to assist us with our search for a target business. We could also use a portion of the funds as a down payment or
to fund a “no-shop” provision (a provision in letters of intent or merger agreements designed to keep target businesses
from “shopping” around for transactions with other companies on terms more favorable to such target businesses) with
respect to a particular proposed initial business combination, although we do not have any current intention to do so. If we entered
into a letter of intent or merger agreement where we paid for the right to receive exclusivity from a target business and were
subsequently required to forfeit such funds (whether as a result of our breach or otherwise), we might not have sufficient funds
to continue searching for, or conduct due diligence with respect to, a target business. If we are unable to complete our initial
business combination, our public stockholders may receive only approximately $10.00 per share on the liquidation of our trust
account and our warrants will expire worthless. In certain circumstances, our public stockholders may receive less than $10.00
per share upon our liquidation. See “If third parties bring claims against us, the proceeds held in the trust account could
be reduced and the per-share redemption amount received by stockholders may be less than $10.00 per share” and other risk
factors herein. If
the net proceeds of the Initial Public Offering and the sale of the Private Placement Warrants not being held in the trust account
are insufficient, it could limit the amount available to fund our search for a target business or businesses and complete our
initial business combination and we will depend on loans from our sponsor or management team to fund our search for an initial
business combination, to pay our taxes and to complete our initial business combination. If we are unable to obtain these loans,
we may be unable to complete our initial business combination. Of
the net proceeds of the Initial Public Offering and the sale of the Private Placement Warrants, as of December 31, 2019, only
approximately $138,500 was available to us outside the trust account to fund our working capital requirements. If we are required
to seek additional capital, we would need to borrow funds from our sponsor, management team or other third parties to operate
or may be forced to liquidate. On February 24, 2020, we issued an unsecured promissory note (the “Note”) to our Sponsor
in the principal amount of up to $1,500,000, which we may draw on from time to time. The Note bears no interest and is repayable
in full upon consummation of our initial business combination. The Sponsor has the option to convert any unpaid balance of the
Note into warrants to purchase one share of our Class A common stock, $0.0001 par value per share (the “Working Capital
Warrants”) equal to the principal amount of the Note so converted divided by $1.00. The terms of any such Working Capital
Warrants will be identical to the terms of the Private Placement Warrants. None of our sponsor, members of our management team
nor any of their affiliates is under any further obligation to advance funds to us. Prior to the completion of our initial business
combination, we do not expect to seek loans from parties other than our sponsor or an affiliate of our sponsor as we do not believe
third parties will be willing to loan such funds and provide a waiver against any and all rights to seek access to funds in our
trust account. If we are unable to obtain these loans, we may be unable to complete our initial business combination. If we are
unable to complete our initial business combination because we do not have sufficient funds available to us, we will be forced
to cease operations and liquidate the trust account. Consequently, our public stockholders may only receive approximately $10.00
per share on our redemption of our public shares and our warrants will expire worthless. In certain circumstances, our public
stockholders may receive less than $10.00 per share on the redemption of their shares. See “—If third parties bring
claims against us, the proceeds held in the trust account could be reduced and the per-share redemption amount received by stockholders
may be less than $10.00 per share” and other risk factors herein. 28 Subsequent
to the completion of our initial business combination, we may be required to take write-downs or write-offs, restructuring and
impairment or other charges that could have a significant negative effect on our financial condition, results of operations and
the price of our securities, which could cause you to lose some or all of your investment. Even
if we conduct extensive due diligence on a target business with which we combine, we cannot assure you that this diligence will
identify all material issues that may be present inside a particular target business, that it would be possible to uncover all
material issues through a customary amount of due diligence, or that factors outside of the target business and outside of our
control will not later arise. As a result of these factors, we may be forced to later write-down or write-off assets, restructure
our operations, or incur impairment or other charges that could result in our reporting losses. Even if our due diligence successfully
identifies certain risks, unexpected risks may arise and previously known risks may materialize in a manner not consistent with
our preliminary risk analysis. Even though these charges may be non-cash items and not have an immediate impact on our liquidity,
the fact that we report charges of this nature could contribute to negative market perceptions about us or our securities. In
addition, charges of this nature may cause us to violate net worth or other covenants to which we may be subject as a result of
assuming pre-existing debt held by a target business or by virtue of our obtaining debt financing to partially finance the
initial business combination. Accordingly, any stockholders who choose to remain stockholders following the initial business combination
could suffer a reduction in the value of their shares. Such stockholders are unlikely to have a remedy for such reduction in value
unless they are able to successfully claim that the reduction was due to the breach by our officers or directors of a duty of
care or other fiduciary duty owed to them, or if they are able to successfully bring a private claim under securities laws that
the proxy solicitation or tender offer materials, as applicable, relating to the initial business combination constituted an actionable
material misstatement or omission. If
third parties bring claims against us, the proceeds held in the trust account could be reduced and the per share redemption amount
received by stockholders may be less than $10.00 per share. Our
placing of funds in the trust account may not protect those funds from third-party claims against us. Although we will seek to
have all vendors, service providers, prospective target businesses or other entities with which we do business execute agreements
with us waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies held in the trust account for the benefit
of our public stockholders, such parties may not execute such agreements, or even if they execute such agreements they may not
be prevented from bringing claims against the trust account, including, but not limited to, fraudulent inducement, breach of fiduciary
responsibility or other similar claims, as well as claims challenging the enforceability of the waiver, in each case in order
to gain advantage with respect to a claim against our assets, including the funds held in the trust account. If any third party
refuses to execute an agreement waiving such claims to the monies held in the trust account, our management will perform an analysis
of the alternatives available to it and will only enter into an agreement with a third party that has not executed a waiver if
management believes that such third party’s engagement would be significantly more beneficial to us than any alternative.
Marcum LLP, our independent registered public accounting firm, and the underwriters of the Initial Public Offering, have not and
will not execute agreements with us waiving such claims to the monies held in the trust account. Examples
of possible instances where we may engage a third party that refuses to execute a waiver include the engagement of a third party
consultant whose particular expertise or skills are believed by management to be significantly superior to those of other consultants
that would agree to execute a waiver or in cases where management is unable to find a service provider willing to execute a waiver.
In addition, there is no guarantee that such entities will agree to waive any claims they may have in the future as a result of,
or arising out of, any negotiations, contracts or agreements with us and will not seek recourse against the trust account for
any reason. Upon redemption of our public shares, if we are unable to complete our initial business combination within the prescribed
timeframe, or upon the exercise of a redemption right in connection with our initial business combination, we will be required
to provide for payment of claims of creditors that were not waived that may be brought against us within the 10 years following
redemption. Accordingly, the per share redemption amount received by public stockholders could be less than the $10.00 per share
initially held in the trust account, due to claims of such creditors. Pursuant
to the letter agreement, our sponsor has agreed that it will be liable to us if and to the extent any claims by a third party
for services rendered or products sold to us, or a prospective target business with which we have entered into a written letter
of intent, confidentiality or similar agreement or business combination agreement, reduce the amount of funds in the trust account
to below the lesser of (i) $10.00 per public share and (ii) the actual amount per public share held in the trust account as of
the date of the liquidation of the trust account, if less than $10.00 per share due to reductions in the value of the trust assets,
less taxes payable, provided that such liability will not apply to any claims by a third party or prospective target business
who executed a waiver of any and all rights to the monies held in the trust account (whether or not such waiver is enforceable)
nor will it apply to any claims under our indemnity of the underwriters of the Initial Public Offering against certain liabilities,
including liabilities under the Securities Act. However, we have not asked our sponsor to reserve for such indemnification obligations,
nor have we independently verified whether our sponsor has sufficient funds to satisfy its indemnity obligations and believe that
our sponsor’s only assets are securities of our company. Therefore, we cannot assure you that our sponsor would be able
to satisfy those obligations. None of our officers, directors or members of our sponsor will indemnify us for claims by third
parties including, without limitation, claims by vendors and prospective target businesses. 29 Our
directors may decide not to enforce the indemnification obligations of our sponsor, resulting in a reduction in the amount of
funds in the trust account available for distribution to our public stockholders. In
the event that the proceeds in the trust account are reduced below the lesser of (i) $10.00 per share and (ii) the actual amount
per share held in the trust account as of the date of the liquidation of the trust account if less than $10.00 per share due to
reductions in the value of the trust assets, in each case net of the interest which may be withdrawn to pay taxes, and our sponsor
asserts that it is unable to satisfy its obligations or that it has no indemnification obligations related to a particular claim,
our independent directors would determine whether to take legal action against our sponsor to enforce its indemnification obligations. While
we currently expect that our independent directors would take legal action on our behalf against our sponsor to enforce its indemnification
obligations to us, it is possible that our independent directors in exercising their business judgment and subject to their fiduciary
duties may choose not to do so in any particular instance if, for example, the cost of such legal action is deemed by the independent
directors to be too high relative to the amount recoverable or if the independent directors determine that a favorable outcome
is not likely. If our independent directors choose not to enforce these indemnification obligations, the amount of funds in the
trust account available for distribution to our public stockholders may be reduced below $10.00 per share. We
may not have sufficient funds to satisfy indemnification claims of our directors and executive officers. We
have agreed to indemnify our officers and directors to the fullest extent permitted by law. However, our officers and directors
have agreed to waive (and any other persons who may become an officer or director prior to the initial business combination will
also be required to waive) any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies in the trust account and not to
seek recourse against the trust account for any reason whatsoever. Accordingly, any indemnification provided will be able to be
satisfied by us only if (i) we have sufficient funds outside of the trust account or (ii) we consummate an initial business combination.
Our obligation to indemnify our officers and directors may discourage stockholders from bringing a lawsuit against our officers
or directors for breach of their fiduciary duty. These provisions also may have the effect of reducing the likelihood of derivative
litigation against our officers and directors, even though such an action, if successful, might otherwise benefit us and our stockholders.
Furthermore, a stockholder’s investment may be adversely affected to the extent we pay the costs of settlement and damage
awards against our officers and directors pursuant to these indemnification provisions. If,
after we distribute the proceeds in the trust account to our public stockholders, we file a bankruptcy petition or an involuntary
bankruptcy petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, a bankruptcy court may seek to recover such proceeds, and we and
our board may be exposed to claims of punitive damages. If,
after we distribute the proceeds in the trust account to our public stockholders, we file a bankruptcy petition or an involuntary
bankruptcy petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, any distributions received by stockholders could be viewed under
applicable debtor/creditor and/or bankruptcy laws as either a “preferential transfer” or a “fraudulent conveyance.”
As a result, a bankruptcy court could seek to recover some or all amounts received by our stockholders. In addition, our board
of directors may be viewed as having breached its fiduciary duty to our creditors and/or having acted in bad faith by paying public
stockholders from the trust account prior to addressing the claims of creditors, thereby exposing itself and us to claims of punitive
damages. If,
before distributing the proceeds in the trust account to our public stockholders, we file a bankruptcy petition or an involuntary
bankruptcy petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, the claims of creditors in such proceeding may have priority over
the claims of our stockholders and the per share amount that would otherwise be received by our stockholders in connection with
our liquidation may be reduced. If,
before distributing the proceeds in the trust account to our public stockholders, we file a bankruptcy petition or an involuntary
bankruptcy petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, the proceeds held in the trust account could be subject to applicable
bankruptcy law, and may be included in our bankruptcy estate and subject to the claims of third parties with priority over the
claims of our stockholders. To the extent any bankruptcy claims deplete the trust account, the per share amount that would otherwise
be received by our stockholders in connection with our liquidation may be reduced. 30 If
we are deemed to be an investment company under the Investment Company Act, we may be required to institute burdensome compliance
requirements and our activities may be restricted, which may make it difficult for us to complete our initial business combination. If
we are deemed to be an investment company under the Investment Company Act, our activities may be restricted, including: ● | restrictions on the nature of our investments; and ● | restrictions on the issuance of securities; each
of which may make it difficult for us to complete our initial business combination. In addition, we may have imposed upon us burdensome
requirements, including: ● | registration as an investment company with the SEC; ● | adoption of a specific form of corporate structure; and ● | reporting, record keeping, voting, proxy and disclosure requirements and compliance with other rules and regulations that we are currently not subject to. In
order not to be regulated as an investment company under the Investment Company Act, unless we can qualify for an exclusion, we
must ensure that we are engaged primarily in a business other than investing, reinvesting or trading in securities and that our
activities do not include investing, reinvesting, owning, holding or trading “investment securities” constituting
more than 40% of our total assets (exclusive of U.S. government securities and cash items) on an unconsolidated basis. Our business
will be to identify and complete an initial business combination and thereafter to operate the post-transaction business or assets
for the long term. We do not plan to buy businesses or assets with a view to resale or profit from their resale. We
do not plan to buy unrelated businesses or assets or to be a passive investor. We
do not believe that our anticipated principal activities will subject us to the Investment Company Act. To this end, the proceeds
held in the trust account may only be invested in United States “government securities” within the meaning of Section
2(a)(16) of the Investment Company Act having a maturity of 180 days or less or in money market funds meeting certain conditions
under Rule 2a-7 promulgated under the Investment Company Act which invest only in direct U.S. government treasury obligations.
Pursuant to the trust agreement, the trustee is not permitted to invest in other securities or assets. By restricting the investment
of the proceeds to these instruments, and by having a business plan targeted at acquiring and growing businesses for the long
term (rather than on buying and selling businesses in the manner of a merchant bank or private equity fund), we intend to avoid
being deemed an “investment company” within the meaning of the Investment Company Act. The Initial Public Offering
was not intended for persons who are seeking a return on investments in government securities or investment securities. The trust
account is intended as a holding place for funds pending the earliest to occur of: (i) the completion of our initial business
combination; (ii) the redemption of any public shares properly submitted in connection with a stockholder vote to amend our amended
and restated certificate of incorporation (A) to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to redeem 100% of our public
shares if we do not complete our initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of the Initial Public Offering,
or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to stockholders’ rights or pre-initial business combination activity;
or (iii) absent an initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of the Initial Public Offering, our return of
the funds held in the trust account to our public stockholders as part of our redemption of the public shares. If we do not invest
the proceeds as discussed above, we may be deemed to be subject to the Investment Company Act. If we were deemed to be subject
to the Investment Company Act, compliance with these additional regulatory burdens would require additional expenses for which
we have not allotted funds and may hinder our ability to complete an initial business combination or may result in our liquidation.
If we are unable to complete our initial business combination, our public stockholders may receive only approximately $10.00 per
share on the liquidation of our trust account and our warrants will expire worthless. In certain circumstances, our public stockholders
may receive less than $10.00 per share on the redemption of their shares. Please see “—If third parties bring claims
against us, the proceeds held in the trust account could be reduced and the per-share redemption amount received by stockholders
may be less than $10.00 per share” and other risk factors herein. 31 Changes
in laws or regulations, or a failure to comply with any laws and regulations, may adversely affect our business, including our
ability to negotiate and complete our initial business combination, and results of operations. We
are subject to laws and regulations enacted by national, regional and local governments. In particular, we will be required to
comply with certain SEC and other legal requirements. Compliance with, and monitoring of, applicable laws and regulations may
be difficult, time consuming and costly. Those laws and regulations and their interpretation and application may also change from
time to time and those changes could have a material adverse effect on our business, investments and results of operations. In
addition, a failure to comply with applicable laws or regulations, as interpreted and applied, could have a material adverse effect
on our business, including our ability to negotiate and complete our initial business combination, and results of operations. Our
stockholders may be held liable for claims by third parties against us to the extent of distributions received by them upon redemption
of their shares. Under
the DGCL, stockholders may be held liable for claims by third parties against a corporation to the extent of distributions received
by them in a dissolution. The pro rata portion of our trust account distributed to our public stockholders upon the redemption
of our public shares in the event we do not complete our initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of the
Initial Public Offering may be considered a liquidating distribution under Delaware law. If a corporation complies with certain
procedures set forth in Section 280 of the DGCL intended to ensure that it makes reasonable provision for all claims against it,
including a 60-day notice period during which any third-party claims can be brought against the corporation, a 90-day period during
which the corporation may reject any claims brought, and an additional 150-day waiting period before any liquidating distributions
are made to stockholders, any liability of stockholders with respect to a liquidating distribution is limited to the lesser of
such stockholder’s pro rata share of the claim or the amount distributed to the stockholder, and any liability of the stockholder
would be barred after the third anniversary of the dissolution. However, it is our intention to redeem our public shares as soon
as reasonably possible following the 24th month from the closing of the Initial Public Offering in the event we do not complete
our initial business combination and, therefore, we do not intend to comply with the foregoing procedures. Because
we do not intend to comply with Section 280, Section 281(b) of the DGCL requires us to adopt a plan, based on facts known to us
at such time that will provide for our payment of all existing and pending claims or claims that may be potentially brought against
us within the 10 years following our dissolution. However, because we are a blank check company, rather than an operating company,
and our operations will be limited to searching for prospective target businesses to acquire, the only likely claims to arise
would be from our vendors (such as lawyers, investment bankers, consultants, etc.) or prospective target businesses. If our plan
of distribution complies with Section 281(b) of the DGCL, any liability of stockholders with respect to a liquidating distribution
is limited to the lesser of such stockholder’s pro rata share of the claim or the amount distributed to the stockholder,
and any liability of the stockholder would likely be barred after the third anniversary of the dissolution. We cannot assure you
that we will properly assess all claims that may be potentially brought against us. As such, our stockholders could potentially
be liable for any claims to the extent of distributions received by them (but no more) and any liability of our stockholders may
extend beyond the third anniversary of such date. Furthermore, if the pro rata portion of our trust account distributed to our
public stockholders upon the redemption of our public shares in the event we do not complete our initial business combination
within 24 months from the closing of the Initial Public Offering is not considered a liquidating distribution under Delaware law
and such redemption distribution is deemed to be unlawful (potentially due to the imposition of legal proceedings that a party
may bring or due to other circumstances that are currently unknown), then pursuant to Section 174 of the DGCL, the statute of
limitations for claims of creditors could then be six years after the unlawful redemption distribution, instead of three years,
as in the case of a liquidating distribution. 32 We
may not hold an annual meeting of stockholders until after the consummation of our initial business combination, which could delay
the opportunity for our stockholders to elect directors. We
may not hold an annual meeting of stockholders until after we consummate a business combination (unless required by the NYSE)
and thus may not be in compliance with Section 211(b) of the DGCL, which requires an annual meeting of stockholders be held for
the purposes of electing directors in accordance with a company’s bylaws unless such election is made by written consent
in lieu of such a meeting. Therefore, if our stockholders want us to hold an annual meeting prior to our consummation of a business
combination, they may attempt to force us to hold one by submitting an application to the Delaware Court of Chancery in accordance
with Section 211(c) of the DGCL. We
are not registering the shares of Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants under the Securities Act or any
state securities laws at this time, and such registration may not be in place when an investor desires to exercise warrants, thus
precluding such investor from being able to exercise its warrants except on a cashless basis. If the issuance of the shares upon
exercise of warrants is not registered, qualified or exempt from registration or qualification, the holder of such warrant will
not be entitled to exercise such warrant and such warrant may have no value and expire worthless. We
are not registering the shares of Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants under the Securities Act or any
state securities laws at this time. However, under the terms of the warrant agreement, we have agreed that as soon as practicable,
but in no event later than 15 business days after the closing of our initial business combination, we will use our best efforts
to file with the SEC a registration statement for the registration under the Securities Act of the shares of Class A common stock
issuable upon exercise of the warrants and thereafter will use our best efforts to cause the same to become effective within 60
business days following our initial business combination and to maintain a current prospectus relating to the Class A common stock
issuable upon exercise of the warrants, until the expiration of the warrants in accordance with the provisions of the warrant
agreement. We cannot assure you that we will be able to do so if, for example, any facts or events arise which represent a fundamental
change in the information set forth in the registration statement or prospectus, the financial statements contained or incorporated
by reference therein are not current or correct or the SEC issues a stop order. If the shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants
are not registered under the Securities Act, we will be required to permit holders to exercise their warrants on a cashless basis.
However, no warrant will be exercisable for cash or on a cashless basis, and we will not be obligated to issue any shares to holders
seeking to exercise their warrants, unless the issuance of the shares upon such exercise is registered or qualified under the
securities laws of the state of the exercising holder, or an exemption from registration is available. If that exemption, or another
exemption, is not available, holders will not be able to exercise their warrants on a cashless basis. In no event will we be required
to net cash settle any warrant, or issue securities or other compensation in exchange for the warrants in the event that we are
unable to register or qualify the shares underlying the warrants under applicable state securities laws and there is no exemption
available. If the issuance of the shares upon exercise of the warrants is not so registered or qualified or exempt from registration
or qualification, the holder of such warrant will not be entitled to exercise such warrant and such warrant may have no value
and expire worthless. In such event, holders who acquired their warrants as part of a purchase of units will have paid the full
unit purchase price solely for the shares of Class A common stock included in the units. If and when the warrants become redeemable
by us, we may not exercise our redemption right if the issuance of shares of common stock upon exercise of the warrants is not
exempt from registration or qualification under applicable state blue sky laws or we are unable to effect such registration or
qualification. We will use our best efforts to register or qualify such shares of common stock under the blue sky laws of the
state of residence in those states in which the warrants were offered by us in the Initial Public Offering. However, there may
be instances in which holders of our public warrants may be unable to exercise such public warrants but holders of our private
warrants may be able to exercise such private warrants. 33 If
you exercise your public warrants on a “cashless basis,” you will receive fewer shares of Class A common stock from
such exercise than if you were to exercise such warrants for cash. There
are circumstances in which the exercise of the public warrants may be required or permitted to be made on a cashless basis. First,
if a registration statement covering the shares of Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants is not effective
by the 60th business day after the closing of our initial business combination, warrant holders may, until such time as there
is an effective registration statement, exercise warrants on a cashless basis in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities
Act or another exemption. Second, if a registration statement covering the Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of the
warrants is not effective within a specified period following the consummation of our initial business combination, warrant holders
may, until such time as there is an effective registration statement and during any period when we shall have failed to maintain
an effective registration statement, exercise warrants on a cashless basis pursuant to the exemption provided by Section 3(a)(9)
of the Securities Act, provided that such exemption is available; if that exemption, or another exemption, is not available, holders
will not be able to exercise their warrants on a cashless basis. Third, if we call the public warrants for redemption, our management
will have the option to require all holders that wish to exercise warrants to do so on a cashless basis. In the event of an exercise
on a cashless basis, a holder would pay the warrant exercise price by surrendering the warrants for that number of shares of Class
A common stock equal to the quotient obtained by dividing (x) the product of the number of shares of Class A common stock underlying
the warrants, multiplied by the difference between the exercise price of the warrants and the “fair market value”
(as defined in the next sentence) by (y) the fair market value. The “fair market value” is the average reported last
sale price of the Class A common stock for the 10 trading days ending on the third trading day prior to the date on which the
notice of exercise is received by the warrant agent or on which the notice of redemption is sent to the holders of warrants, as
applicable. As a result, you would receive fewer shares of Class A common stock from such exercise than if you were to exercise
such warrants for cash. The
grant of registration rights to our initial stockholders may make it more difficult to complete our initial business combination,
and the future exercise of such rights may adversely affect the market price of our Class A common stock. Pursuant
to an agreement entered into concurrently with the issuance and sale of the securities in the Initial Public Offering, our initial
stockholders and their permitted transferees can demand that we register the Private Placement Warrants, the shares of Class A
common stock issuable upon exercise of the founder shares and the Private Placement Warrants held, or to be held, by them and
holders of warrants that may be issued upon conversion of working capital loans may demand that we register such warrants or the
Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of such warrants. We will bear the cost of registering these securities. The registration
and availability of such a significant number of securities for trading in the public market may have an adverse effect on the
market price of our Class A common stock. In addition, the existence of the registration rights may make our initial business
combination more costly or difficult to complete. This is because the stockholders of the target business may increase the equity
stake they seek in the combined entity or ask for more cash consideration to offset the negative impact on the market price of
our Class A common stock that is expected when the securities owned by our initial stockholders or holders of working capital
loans are registered. 34 Because
we are neither limited to evaluating a target business in a particular industry sector nor have we selected any specific target
businesses with which to pursue our initial business combination, you will be unable to ascertain the merits or risks of any particular
target business’s operations. We
will seek to complete an initial business combination with companies in the technology, consumer, and/or media and communications
sectors but may also pursue other business combination opportunities, except that we are not, under our amended and restated certificate
of incorporation, permitted to effectuate our initial business combination with another blank check company or similar company
with nominal operations. Because we have not yet selected or approached any specific target business with respect to a business
combination, there is no basis to evaluate the possible merits or risks of any particular target business’s operations,
results of operations, cash flows, liquidity, financial condition or prospects. To the extent we complete our initial business
combination, we may be affected by numerous risks inherent in the business operations with which we combine. For example, if we
combine with a financially unstable business or an entity lacking an established record of sales or earnings, we may be affected
by the risks inherent in the business and operations of a financially unstable or a development stage entity. Although our officers
and directors will endeavor to evaluate the risks inherent in a particular target business, we cannot assure you that we will
properly ascertain or assess all of the significant risk factors or that we will have adequate time to complete due diligence.
Furthermore, some of these risks may be outside of our control and leave us with no ability to control or reduce the chances that
those risks will adversely impact a target business. We also cannot assure you that an investment in our units will ultimately
prove to be more favorable to investors than a direct investment, if such opportunity were available, in a business combination
target. Accordingly, any stockholders who choose to remain stockholders following our initial business combination could suffer
a reduction in the value of their securities. Such stockholders are unlikely to have a remedy for such reduction in value unless
they are able to successfully claim that the reduction was due to the breach by our officers or directors of a duty of care or
other fiduciary duty owed to them, or if they are able to successfully bring a private claim under securities laws that the proxy
solicitation or tender offer materials, as applicable, relating to the business combination contained an actionable material misstatement
or material omission. Past
performance by InterMedia and HPS, including our management team, may not be indicative of future performance of an investment
in the Company. Information
regarding performance by, or businesses associated with, InterMedia, HPS and their respective affiliates is presented for informational
purposes only. Past performance by InterMedia, including our management team and the past performance of HPS and any HPS Fund,
is not a guarantee either (i) of success with respect to any business combination we may consummate or (ii) that we will be able
to locate a suitable candidate for our initial business combination. You should not rely on the historical record of InterMedia’s,
HPS’s or our management team’s or their respective affiliates’ performance as indicative of the future performance
of an investment in the company or the returns the company will, or is likely to, generate going forward. Our officers and directors
have not had experience with blank check companies or special purpose acquisition companies in the past. In addition, HPS advises
funds and accounts which have investment mandates that overlap with ours and therefore may compete for investment opportunities
with us, and HPS will not be obligated to present any investment opportunities to us over the funds and accounts it manages. We
may seek business combination opportunities in industries or sectors which may or may not be outside of our management’s
area of expertise. Although
we intend to focus on identifying companies in the technology, consumer, and/or media and communications sectors, we will consider
an initial business combination outside of our management’s area of expertise if an initial business combination candidate
is presented to us and we determine that such candidate offers an attractive business combination opportunity for our company
or we are unable to identify a suitable candidate in this sector after having expanded a reasonable amount of time and effort
in an attempt to do so. Although our management will endeavor to evaluate the risks inherent in any particular business combination
candidate, we cannot assure you that we will adequately ascertain or assess all of the significant risk factors. We also cannot
assure you that an investment in our units will not ultimately prove to be less favorable to investors in the Initial Public Offering
than a direct investment, if an opportunity were available, in an initial business combination candidate. In the event we elect
to pursue a business combination outside of the areas of our management’s expertise, our management’s expertise may
not be directly applicable to its evaluation or operation, and the information contained in this annual report regarding the areas
of our management’s expertise would not be relevant to an understanding of the business that we elect to acquire. As a result,
our management may not be able to adequately ascertain or assess all of the significant risk factors. Accordingly, any stockholders
who choose to remain stockholders following our initial business combination could suffer a reduction in the value of their shares.
Such stockholders are unlikely to have a remedy for such reduction in value. Our search for a business combination, and any target
business with which we ultimately consummate a business combination, may be materially adversely affected by the recent coronavirus
(“COVID-19”) outbreak. On March 11, 2020, the World Health Organization officially
declared the outbreak of the COVID-19 a “pandemic.” A significant outbreak of COVID-19 and other infectious diseases
could result in a widespread health crisis that could adversely affect the economies and financial markets worldwide, and the business
of any potential target business with which we consummate a business combination could be materially and adversely affected. Furthermore,
we may be unable to complete a business combination if continued concerns relating to COVID-19 restrict travel, limit the ability
to have meetings with potential investors or the target company’s personnel, vendors and services providers are unavailable
to negotiate and consummate a transaction in a timely manner. The extent to which COVID-19 impacts our search for a business combination
will depend on future developments, which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted, including new information which may emerge
concerning the severity of COVID-19 and the actions to contain COVID-19 or treat its impact, among others. If the disruptions posed
by COVID-19 or other matters of global concern continue for an extensive period of time, our ability to consummate a business combination,
or the operations of a target business with which we ultimately consummate a business combination, may be materially adversely
affected. 35 Although
we have identified general criteria and guidelines that we believe are important in evaluating prospective target businesses,
we may enter into our initial business combination with a target that does not meet such criteria and guidelines, and as a result,
the target business with which we enter into our initial business combination may not have attributes entirely consistent with
our general criteria and guidelines. Although
we have identified general criteria and guidelines for evaluating prospective target businesses, it is possible that a target
business with which we enter into our initial business combination will not have all of these positive attributes. If we complete
our initial business combination with a target that does not meet some or all of these criteria and guidelines, such combination
may not be as successful as a combination with a business that does meet all of our general criteria and guidelines. In addition,
if we announce a prospective business combination with a target that does not meet our general criteria and guidelines, a greater
number of stockholders may exercise their redemption rights, which may make it difficult for us to meet any closing condition
with a target business that requires us to have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash. In addition, if stockholder approval
of the transaction is required by applicable law or stock exchange rules, or we decide to obtain stockholder approval for business
or other reasons, it may be more difficult for us to attain stockholder approval of our initial business combination if the target
business does not meet our general criteria and guidelines. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination, our
public stockholders may receive only approximately $10.00 per share on the liquidation of our trust account and our warrants will
expire worthless. In certain circumstances, our public stockholders may receive less than $10.00 per share on the redemption of
their shares. See “—If third parties bring claims against us, the proceeds held in the trust account could be reduced
and the per-share redemption amount received by stockholders may be less than $10.00 per share” and other risk factors herein. We
may seek business combination opportunities with a financially unstable business or an entity lacking an established record of
revenue, cash flow or earnings, which could subject us to volatile revenues, cash flows or earnings or difficulty in retaining
key personnel. To
the extent we complete our initial business combination with a financially unstable business or an entity lacking an established
record of revenues or earnings, we may be affected by numerous risks inherent in the operations of the business with which we
combine. These risks include volatile revenues or earnings and difficulties in obtaining and retaining key personnel. Although
our officers and directors will endeavor to evaluate the risks inherent in a particular target business, we may not be able to
properly ascertain or assess all of the significant risk factors and we may not have adequate time to complete due diligence.
Furthermore, some of these risks may be outside of our control and leave us with no ability to control or reduce the chances that
those risks will adversely impact a target business. We
are not required to obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm or from an independent accounting firm, and
consequently, you may have no assurance from an independent source that the price we are paying for the business is fair to our
company from a financial point of view. Unless
we complete our initial business combination with an affiliated entity or our board cannot independently determine the fair market
value of the target business or businesses, we are not required to obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm
or another independent entity that commonly renders valuation opinions that the price we are paying is fair to our company from
a financial point of view. If no opinion is obtained, our stockholders will be relying on the judgment of our board of directors,
who will determine fair market value based on standards generally accepted by the financial community. Such standards used will
be disclosed in our proxy materials or tender offer documents, as applicable, related to our initial business combination. We
may issue additional common stock or preferred stock to complete our initial business combination or under an employee incentive
plan after completion of our initial business combination. We may also issue shares of Class A common stock upon the conversion
of the Class B common stock at a ratio greater than one-to-one at the time of our initial business combination as a result of
the anti-dilution provisions contained in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation. Any such issuances would dilute
the interest of our stockholders and likely present other risks. Our
amended and restated certificate of incorporation authorizes the issuance of up to 100,000,000 shares of Class A common stock,
par value $0.0001 per share, and 10,000,000 shares of Class B common stock, par value $0.0001 per share and 1,000,000 shares of
preferred stock, par value $0.0001 per share. There are 46,474,500 and 2,496,250 authorized but unissued shares of Class A common
stock and Class B common stock, respectively, available for issuance, which amount does not take into account the shares of Class
A common stock reserved for issuance upon exercise of outstanding warrants but not the shares of Class A common stock issuable
upon the conversion of the Class B common stock. There are no shares of preferred stock issued and outstanding. Shares of Class
B common stock are convertible into shares of our Class A common stock, initially at a one-for-one ratio but subject to adjustment
as set forth herein, including in certain circumstances in which we issue Class A common stock or equity-linked securities related
to our initial business combination. Shares of Class B common stock are also convertible at the option of the holder at any time. 36 We
may issue a substantial number of additional shares of common or preferred stock to complete our initial business combination
or under an employee incentive plan after completion of our initial business combination (although our amended and restated certificate
of incorporation provides that we may not issue securities that can vote with common stockholders on matters related to our pre-initial business
combination activity). We may also issue shares of Class A common stock upon conversion of the Class B common stock at a ratio
greater than one-to-one at the time of our initial business combination as a result of the anti-dilution provisions
contained in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation. However, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation
provides, among other things, that prior to our initial business combination, we may not issue additional shares of capital stock
that would entitle the holders thereof to (i) receive funds from the trust account or (ii) vote on any initial business combination.
These provisions of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation, like all provisions of our amended and restated certificate
of incorporation, may be amended with the approval of our stockholders. However, our executive officers and directors have agreed,
pursuant to a written agreement with us, that they will not propose any amendment to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation
(A) to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to redeem 100% of our public shares if we do not complete our initial
business combination within 24 months from the closing of the Initial Public Offering or (B) with respect to any other provision
relating to stockholders’ rights or pre-initial business combination activity, unless we provide our public stockholders
with the opportunity to redeem their shares of common stock upon approval of any such amendment at a per-share price, payable
in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest (which interest shall be net of
taxes payable), divided by the number of then outstanding public shares. The
issuance of additional shares of common or preferred stock: ● | may significantly dilute the equity interest of investors in the Initial Public Offering; ● | may subordinate the rights of holders of common stock if preferred stock is issued with rights senior to those afforded our common stock; ● | could cause a change of control if a substantial number of shares of our common stock are issued, which may affect, among other things, our ability to use our net operating loss carry forwards, if any, and could result in the resignation or removal of our present officers and directors; and ● | may adversely affect prevailing market prices for our units, Class A common stock and/or warrants. Resources
could be wasted in researching business combinations that are not completed, which could materially adversely affect subsequent
attempts to locate and acquire or merge with another business. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination,
our public stockholders may receive only approximately $10.00 per share, or less than such amount in certain circumstances, on
the liquidation of our trust account and our warrants will expire worthless. We
anticipate that the investigation of each specific target business and the negotiation, drafting and execution of relevant agreements,
disclosure documents and other instruments will require substantial management time and attention and substantial costs for accountants,
attorneys, consultants and others. If we decide not to complete a specific initial business combination, the costs incurred up
to that point for the proposed transaction likely would not be recoverable. Furthermore, if we reach an agreement relating to
a specific target business, we may fail to complete our initial business combination for any number of reasons including those
beyond our control. Any such event will result in a loss to us of the related costs incurred which could materially adversely
affect subsequent attempts to locate and acquire or merge with another business. If we are unable to complete our initial business
combination, our public stockholders may receive only approximately $10.00 per share on the liquidation of our trust account and
our warrants will expire worthless. In certain circumstances, our public stockholders may receive less than $10.00 per share on
the redemption of their shares. See “—If third parties bring claims against us, the proceeds held in the trust account
could be reduced and the per-share redemption amount received by stockholders may be less than $10.00 per share” and other
risk factors herein. 37 Our
ability to successfully effect our initial business combination and to be successful thereafter will be totally dependent upon
the efforts of our key personnel, some of whom may join us following our initial business combination. The loss of key personnel
could negatively impact the operations and profitability of our post-combination business. Our
ability to successfully effect our initial business combination is dependent upon the efforts of our key personnel. The role of
our key personnel in the target business, however, cannot presently be ascertained. Although some of our key personnel may remain
with the target business in senior management or advisory positions following our initial business combination, it is likely that
some or all of the management of the target business will remain in place. While we intend to closely scrutinize any individuals
we employ after our initial business combination, we cannot assure you that our assessment of these individuals will prove to
be correct. These individuals may be unfamiliar with the requirements of operating a company regulated by the SEC, which could
cause us to have to expend time and resources helping them become familiar with such requirements. In
addition, the officers and directors of an initial business combination candidate may resign upon completion of our initial business
combination. The departure of an initial business combination target’s key personnel could negatively impact the operations
and profitability of our post-combination business. The role of an initial business combination candidate’s key personnel
upon the completion of our initial business combination cannot be ascertained at this time. Although we contemplate that certain
members of an initial business combination candidate’s management team will remain associated with the initial business
combination candidate following our initial business combination, it is possible that members of the management of an initial
business combination candidate will not wish to remain in place. The loss of key personnel could negatively impact the operations
and profitability of our post-combination business. We
are dependent upon our executive officers and directors and their departure could adversely affect our ability to operate. Our
operations are dependent upon a relatively small group of individuals and, in particular, our executive officers and directors.
We believe that our success depends on the continued service of our executive officers and directors, at least until we have completed
our initial business combination. We do not have an employment agreement with, or key-man insurance on the life of, any of our
other directors or executive officers. The unexpected loss of the services of one or more of our directors or executive officers
could have a detrimental effect on us. Our
key personnel may negotiate employment or consulting agreements as well as reimbursement of out-of-pocket expenses, if any,
with a target business in connection with a particular business combination. These agreements may provide for them to receive
compensation or reimbursement for out-of-pocket expenses, if any, following our initial business combination and as a result,
may cause them to have conflicts of interest in determining whether a particular business combination is the most advantageous. Our
key personnel may be able to remain with the company after the completion of our initial business combination only if they are
able to negotiate employment or consulting agreements in connection with the initial business combination. Additionally, they
may negotiate reimbursement of any out-of-pocket expenses incurred on our behalf prior to the consummation of our initial
business combination, should they choose to do so. Such negotiations would take place simultaneously with the negotiation of the
initial business combination and could provide for such individuals to receive compensation in the form of cash payments and/or
our securities for services they would render to us after the completion of the initial business combination, or as reimbursement
for such out-of-pocket expenses. The personal and financial interests of such individuals may influence their motivation
in identifying and selecting a target business. However, we believe the ability of such individuals to remain with us after the
completion of our initial business combination will not be the determining factor in our decision as to whether or not we will
proceed with any potential business combination. There is no certainty, however, that any of our key personnel will remain with
us after the completion of our initial business combination. We cannot assure you that any of our key personnel will remain in
senior management or advisory positions with us. The determination as to whether any of our key personnel will remain with us
will be made at the time of our initial business combination. 38 We
may have a limited ability to assess the management of a prospective target business and, as a result, may affect our initial
business combination with a target business whose management may not have the skills, qualifications or abilities to manage a
public company, which could, in turn, negatively impact the value of our stockholders’ investment in us. When
evaluating the desirability of effecting our initial business combination with a prospective target business, our ability to assess
the target business’s management may be limited due to a lack of time, resources or information. Our assessment of the capabilities
of the target business’s management, therefore, may prove to be incorrect and such management may lack the skills, qualifications
or abilities we suspected. Should the target business’s management not possess the skills, qualifications or abilities necessary
to manage a public company, the operations and profitability of the post-combination business may be negatively impacted. Accordingly,
any stockholders who choose to remain a stockholder following the initial business combination could suffer a reduction in the
value of their shares. Such stockholders are unlikely to have a remedy for such reduction in value. Our
officers and directors will allocate their time to other businesses thereby causing conflicts of interest in their determination
as to how much time to devote to our affairs. This conflict of interest could have a negative impact on our ability to complete
our initial business combination. Our
officers and directors are not required to, and will not, commit their full time to our affairs, which may result in a conflict
of interest in allocating their time between our operations and our search for an initial business combination and their other
businesses. We do not intend to have any full-time employees prior to the completion of our initial business combination. Each
of our officers is engaged in other business endeavors for which he may be entitled to substantial compensation and our officers
are not obligated to contribute any specific number of hours per week to our affairs. In particular, certain of our officers and
directors are employed by InterMedia or HPS, which make investments in securities or other interests of or relating to companies
in industries we may target for our initial business combination. In addition, HPS advises funds and accounts which make investments
in securities or other interests of or relating to companies in industries we may target for our initial business combination.
Our independent directors may also serve as officers or board members for other entities. If our officers’ and directors’
other business affairs require them to devote substantial amounts of time to such affairs in excess of their current commitment
levels, it could limit their ability to devote time to our affairs which may have a negative impact on our ability to complete
our initial business combination. For a complete discussion of our officers’ and directors’ other business affairs,
please see the section of this annual report entitled “Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance.” Certain
of our officers and directors are now, and all of them may in the future become, affiliated with entities engaged in business
activities similar to those intended to be conducted by us and, accordingly, may have conflicts of interest in determining to
which entity a particular business opportunity or other transaction should be presented. Until
we consummate our initial business combination, we intend to engage in the business of identifying and combining with one or more
businesses. Our officers and directors are, and may in the future become, affiliated with entities (such as operating companies
or investment vehicles) that are engaged in a similar business, although (except for our independent directors and directors affiliated
with HPS) they may not participate in the formation of, or become an officer or director of, any other special purpose acquisition
companies with a class of securities registered under the Exchange Act until we have entered into a definitive agreement regarding
our initial business combination or we have failed to complete our initial business combination within 24 months after the closing
of the Initial Public Offering. Our
officers and directors also may become aware of business opportunities which may be appropriate for presentation to us and the
other entities to which they owe certain fiduciary or contractual duties. In addition, HPS advises funds and accounts which make
investments in securities or other interests of or relating to companies in industries we may target for our initial business
combination. HPS may sponsor other blank check companies similar to ours during the period in which we are seeking an initial
business combination and any officer or employee of HPS may serve as an officer or director of any such vehicle. Any such companies
may present additional conflicts of interest in pursuing an acquisition target. 39 Accordingly,
they may have conflicts of interest in determining to which entity a particular business opportunity should be presented. These
conflicts may not be resolved in our favor and a potential target business may be presented to another entity prior to its presentation
to us. Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that we renounce our interest in any corporate opportunity
offered to any director or officer unless such opportunity is expressly offered to such person solely in his or her capacity as
a director or officer of our company and such opportunity is one we are legally and contractually permitted to undertake and would
otherwise be reasonable for us to pursue, and to the extent the director or officer is permitted to refer that opportunity to
us without violating another legal obligation. Please
see “Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance—Conflicts of Interest” for a discussion
of our officers’ and directors’ business affiliations and potential conflicts of interest. Our
officers, directors, security holders and their respective affiliates may have competitive pecuniary interests that conflict with
our interests. We
have not adopted a policy that expressly prohibits our directors, officers, security holders or affiliates from having a direct
or indirect pecuniary or financial interest in any investment to be acquired or disposed of by us or in any transaction to which
we are a party or have an interest. In fact, we may enter into an initial business combination with a target business that is
affiliated with our sponsor, our directors or officers, although we do not intend to do so. We do not have a policy that expressly
prohibits any such persons from engaging for their own account in business activities of the types conducted by us. Accordingly,
such persons or entities may have a conflict between their interests and ours. In
particular, InterMedia and its affiliates also are focused on investments in the technology, consumer, and/or media and communications
sectors. As a result, there may be substantial overlap between companies that would be a suitable business combination for us
and companies that would make an attractive target for such other affiliates. In addition, HPS and its affiliates advise investment
funds and accounts with investment mandates that overlap with ours and may compete with us for investment opportunities. Please
see “Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance—Conflicts of Interest” for additional information. We
may engage in an initial business combination with one or more target businesses that have relationships with entities that may
be affiliated with our sponsor, officers, directors or existing holders which may raise potential conflicts of interest. In
light of the involvement of our sponsor, officers and directors with other entities (including Intermedia and HPS), we may decide
to acquire one or more businesses affiliated with our sponsor, officers or directors (including Intermedia and HPS). Our directors
also serve as officers and board members for other entities, including, without limitation, those described under “Item
10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance—Conflicts of Interest.” Such entities may compete with
us for business combination opportunities. Our sponsor, officers and directors are not currently aware of any specific opportunities
for us to complete our initial business combination with any entities with which they are affiliated, and there have been no preliminary
discussions concerning an initial business combination with any such entity or entities. Although we will not be specifically
focusing on, or targeting, any transaction with any affiliated entities, we would pursue such a transaction if we determined that
such affiliated entity met our criteria for an initial business combination as set forth in “Item 1. Business—Selection
of a Target Business and Structuring of our Initial Business Combination” and such transaction was approved by a majority
of our disinterested directors. Despite our agreement to obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm or another
independent entity that commonly renders valuation opinions, regarding the fairness to our stockholders from a financial point
of view of an initial business combination with one or more domestic or international businesses affiliated with our officers,
directors or existing holders, potential conflicts of interest still may exist and, as a result, the terms of the initial business
combination may not be as advantageous to our public stockholders as they would be absent any conflicts of interest. 40 Since
our sponsor, officers and directors will lose their entire investment in us if our initial business combination is not completed,
a conflict of interest may arise in determining whether a particular business combination target is appropriate for our initial
business combination. In
October 2018, our initial sponsor purchased 8,625,000 founder shares for an aggregate purchase price of $25,000, or approximately
$0.003 per share. In November 2018, our initial sponsor transferred 25,000 founder shares to each of Ms. Linden and Messrs. Nathanson,
Zuaiter, and Sander, our independent directors. In February 2019, our initial sponsor assigned 8,525,000 founder shares to our
sponsor, and in February 2019 our sponsor forfeited 1,437,500 founder shares. On March 14, 2019, we effected a 1.044 for 1 stock
dividend for each share of Class B common stock outstanding, resulting in our initial stockholders holding an aggregate of 7,503,750
founder shares. Our independent directors retransferred an aggregate of 4,400 shares to our sponsor. The number of founder shares
issued was determined based on the expectation that such founder shares would represent 20% of the outstanding shares after the
Initial Public Offering. On March 29, 2019, the Underwriters exercised the over-allotment option in full and purchased 3,915,000
Over-Allotment Units and, as a result, no additional founder shares were forfeit resulting in 7,503,750 founder shares outstanding
as of December 31, 2019. The founder shares will be worthless if we do not complete an initial business combination. In
addition, our sponsor purchased an aggregate of 8,503,000 at a price of $1.00 per warrant ($8,503,000 in the aggregate), that
will also be worthless if we do not complete an initial business combination. Holders of founder shares have agreed (A) to vote
any shares owned by them in favor of any proposed initial business combination and (B) not to redeem any founder shares in connection
with a stockholder vote to approve a proposed initial business combination. In addition, we may obtain loans from our sponsor,
affiliates of our sponsor or an officer or director. The personal and financial interests of our sponsor, officers and directors
may influence their motivation in identifying and selecting a target business combination, completing an initial business combination
and influencing the operation of the business following the initial business combination. This risk may become more acute as the
deadline for completing our initial business combination nears. We
may issue notes or other debt securities, or otherwise incur substantial debt, to complete an initial business combination, which
may adversely affect our leverage and financial condition and thus negatively impact the value of our stockholders’ investment
in us. Although
we have no commitments as of the date of this annual report to issue any notes or other debt securities, or to otherwise incur
outstanding debt following the Initial Public Offering, we may choose to incur substantial debt to complete our initial business
combination. We have agreed that we will not incur any indebtedness unless we have obtained from the lender a waiver of any right,
title, interest or claim of any kind in or to the monies held in the trust account. As such, no issuance of debt will affect the
per share amount available for redemption from the trust account. Nevertheless, the incurrence of debt could have a variety of
negative effects, including: ● | default and foreclosure on our assets if our operating revenues after an initial business combination are insufficient to repay our debt obligations; ● | acceleration of our obligations to repay the indebtedness even if we make all principal and interest payments when due if we breach certain covenants that require the maintenance of certain financial ratios or reserves without a waiver or renegotiation of that covenant; ● | our immediate payment of all principal and accrued interest, if any, if the debt security is payable on demand; ● | our inability to obtain necessary additional financing if the debt security contains covenants restricting our ability to obtain such financing while the debt security is outstanding; ● | our inability to pay dividends on our common stock; 41 ● | using a substantial portion of our cash flow to pay principal and interest on our debt, which will reduce the funds available for dividends on our common stock if declared, our ability to pay expenses, make capital expenditures and acquisitions, and fund other general corporate purposes; ● | limitations on our flexibility in planning for and reacting to changes in our business and in the industry in which we operate; ● | increased vulnerability to adverse changes in general economic, industry and competitive conditions and adverse changes in government regulation; ● | limitations on our ability to borrow additional amounts for expenses, capital expenditures, acquisitions, debt service requirements, and execution of our strategy; and ● | other disadvantages compared to our competitors who have less debt. We
may only be able to complete one business combination with the proceeds of the Initial Public Offering and the sale of the Private
Placement Warrants, which will cause us to be solely dependent on a single business which may have a limited number of services
and limited operating activities. This lack of diversification may negatively impact our operating results and profitability. The
net proceeds from the Initial Public Offering and the sale of the Private Placement Warrants provided us with $300,150,000 to
complete our initial business combination and pay related fees and expenses (which includes $10,505,250 of deferred underwriting
commissions). We
may effectuate our initial business combination with a single target business or multiple target businesses simultaneously or
within a short period of time. However, we may not be able to effectuate our initial business combination with more than one target
business because of various factors, including the existence of complex accounting issues and the requirement that we prepare
and file pro forma financial statements with the SEC that present operating results and the financial condition of several target
businesses as if they had been operated on a combined basis. By completing our initial business combination with only a single
entity our lack of diversification may subject us to numerous economic, competitive and regulatory developments. Further, we would
not be able to diversify our operations or benefit from the possible spreading of risks or offsetting of losses, unlike other
entities which may have the resources to complete several business combinations in different industries or different areas of
a single industry. In addition, we intend to focus our search for an initial business combination in a single industry. Accordingly,
the prospects for our success may be: ● | solely dependent upon the performance of a single business, property or asset; or ● | dependent upon the development or market acceptance of a single or limited number of products, processes or services. This
lack of diversification may subject us to numerous economic, competitive and regulatory risks, any or all of which may have a
substantial adverse impact upon the particular industry in which we may operate subsequent to our initial business combination. We
may attempt to simultaneously complete business combinations with multiple prospective targets, which may hinder our ability to
complete our initial business combination and give rise to increased costs and risks that could negatively impact our operations
and profitability. If
we determine to simultaneously acquire several businesses that are owned by different sellers, we will need for each of such sellers
to agree that our purchase of its business is contingent on the simultaneous closings of the other business combinations, which
may make it more difficult for us, and delay our ability, to complete our initial business combination. We do not, however, intend
to purchase multiple businesses in unrelated industries in conjunction with our initial business combination. With multiple business
combinations, we could also face additional risks, including additional burdens and costs with respect to possible multiple negotiations
and due diligence investigations (if there are multiple sellers) and the additional risks associated with the subsequent assimilation
of the operations and services or products of the acquired companies in a single operating business. If we are unable to adequately
address these risks, it could negatively impact our profitability and results of operations. 42 We
may attempt to complete our initial business combination with a private company about which little information is available, which
may result in an initial business combination with a company that is not as profitable as we suspected, if at all. In
pursuing our initial business combination strategy, we may seek to effectuate our initial business combination with a privately
held company. Very little public information generally exists about private companies, and we could be required to make our decision
on whether to pursue a potential initial business combination on the basis of limited information, which may result in an initial
business combination with a company that is not as profitable as we suspected, if at all. Our
management may not be able to maintain control of a target business after our initial business combination. We
may structure an initial business combination so that the post-transaction company in which our public stockholders own shares
will own less than 100% of the equity interests or assets of a target business, but we will only complete such business combination
if the post-transaction company owns or acquires 50% or more of the outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise acquires
a controlling interest in the target business sufficient for us not to be required to register as an investment company under
the Investment Company Act. We will not consider any transaction that does not meet such criteria. Even if the post-transaction
company owns 50% or more of the voting securities of the target, our stockholders prior to the initial business combination may
collectively own a minority interest in the post business combination company, depending on valuations ascribed to the target
and us in the initial business combination. For example, we could pursue a transaction in which we issue a substantial number
of new shares of Class A common stock in exchange for all of the outstanding capital stock of a target. In this case, we would
acquire a 100% interest in the target. However, as a result of the issuance of a substantial number of new shares of common stock,
our stockholders immediately prior to such transaction could own less than a majority of our outstanding shares of common stock
subsequent to such transaction. In addition, other minority stockholders may subsequently combine their holdings resulting in
a single person or group obtaining a larger share of the company’s stock than we initially acquired. Accordingly, this may
make it more likely that our management will not be able to maintain our control of the target business. We cannot provide assurance
that, upon loss of control of a target business, new management will possess the skills, qualifications or abilities necessary
to profitably operate such business. We
do not have a specified maximum redemption threshold. The absence of such a redemption threshold may make it possible for us to
complete the initial business combination with which a substantial majority of our stockholders do not agree. Our
amended and restated certificate of incorporation does not provide a specified maximum redemption threshold, except that in no
event will we redeem our public shares in an amount that would cause our net tangible assets to be less than $5,000,001 upon consummation
of our initial business combination and after payment of Underwriters’ fees and commissions (such that we are not subject
to the SEC’s “penny stock” rules) or any greater net tangible asset or cash requirement which may be contained
in the agreement relating to our initial business combination. As a result, we may be able to complete our initial business combination
even though a substantial majority of our public stockholders do not agree with the transaction and have redeemed their shares
or, if we seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination and do not conduct redemptions in connection with our
initial business combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, have entered into privately negotiated agreements to sell their
shares to our sponsor, officers, directors, advisors or any of their respective affiliates. In the event the aggregate cash consideration
we would be required to pay for all shares of Class A common stock that are validly submitted for redemption plus any amount required
to satisfy cash conditions pursuant to the terms of the proposed initial business combination exceed the aggregate amount of cash
available to us, we will not complete the initial business combination or redeem any shares, all shares of Class A common stock
submitted for redemption will be returned to the holders thereof, and we instead may search for an alternate business combination. 43 In
order to effectuate an initial business combination, blank check companies have, in the recent past, amended various provisions
of their charters and other governing instruments, including their warrant agreements. We cannot assure you that we will not seek
to amend our amended and restated certificate of incorporation or governing instruments in a manner that will make it easier
for us to complete our initial business combination that our stockholders may not support. In
order to effectuate an initial business combination, blank check companies have, in the recent past, amended various provisions
of their charters and modified governing instruments, including their warrant agreements. For example, blank check companies have
amended the definition of business combination, increased redemption thresholds and extended the time to consummate an initial
business combination and, with respect to their warrants, amended their warrant agreements to require the warrants to be exchanged
for cash and/or other securities. Amending our amended and restated certificate of incorporation will require the approval of
holders of 65% of our common stock, and amending our warrant agreement will require a vote of holders of at least 65% of the public
warrants. In addition, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation requires us to provide our public stockholders with
the opportunity to redeem their public shares for cash if we propose an amendment to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation
(A) to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to redeem 100% of our public shares if we do not complete our initial
business combination within 24 months from the closing of the Initial Public Offering or (B) with respect to any other provision
relating to stockholders’ rights or pre-initial business combination activity. To the extent any such amendments would be
deemed to fundamentally change the nature of any securities offered through this registration statement, we would register, or
seek an exemption from registration for, the affected securities. We cannot assure you that we will not seek to amend our charter
or governing instruments or extend the time to consummate an initial business combination in order to effectuate our initial business
combination. The
provisions of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation that relate to our pre-business combination activity (and
corresponding provisions of the agreement governing the release of funds from our trust account), including an amendment to permit
us to withdraw funds from the trust account such that the per share amount investors will receive upon any redemption or liquidation
is substantially reduced or eliminated, may be amended with the approval of holders of 65% of our common stock, which is a lower
amendment threshold than that of some other blank check companies. It may be easier for us, therefore, to amend our amended and
restated certificate of incorporation and the trust agreement to facilitate the completion of an initial business combination
that some of our stockholders may not support. Our
amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that any of its provisions related to pre-initial business combination
activity (including the requirement to deposit proceeds of the Initial Public Offering and the Private Placement Warrants into
the trust account and not release such amounts except in specified circumstances, and to provide redemption rights to public stockholders
as described herein and including to permit us to withdraw funds from the trust account such that the per share amount investors
will receive upon any redemption or liquidation is substantially reduced or eliminated) may be amended if approved by holders
of 65% of our common stock entitled to vote thereon, and corresponding provisions of the trust agreement governing the release
of funds from our trust account may be amended if approved by holders of 65% of our common stock entitled to vote thereon. In
all other instances, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation may be amended by holders of a majority of our outstanding
common stock entitled to vote thereon, subject to applicable provisions of the DGCL or applicable stock exchange rules. We may
not issue additional securities that can vote on amendments to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation. Our initial
stockholders, who collectively beneficially own 20% of our common stock, will participate in any vote to amend our amended and
restated certificate of incorporation and/or trust agreement and will have the discretion to vote in any manner they choose. As
a result, we may be able to amend the provisions of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation which govern our pre-initial
business combination behavior more easily than some other blank check companies, and this may increase our ability to complete
an initial business combination with which you do not agree. Our stockholders may pursue remedies against us for any breach of
our amended and restated certificate of incorporation. 44 Our
sponsor, officers and directors have agreed, pursuant to a written agreement with us, that they will not propose any amendment
to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation (i) to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to redeem 100%
of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of the Initial Public
Offering or (ii) with respect to any other provision relating to stockholders’ rights or pre-initial business combination
activity, unless we provide our public stockholders with the opportunity to redeem their shares of Class A common stock upon approval
of any such amendment at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account,
divided by the number of then outstanding public shares. These agreements are contained in a letter agreement that we have entered
into with our sponsor, officers and directors. Our stockholders are not parties to, or third-party beneficiaries of, these agreements
and, as a result, will not have the ability to pursue remedies against our sponsor, officers or directors for any breach of these
agreements. As a result, in the event of a breach, our stockholders would need to pursue a stockholder derivative action, subject
to applicable law. We
may be unable to obtain additional financing to complete our initial business combination or to fund the operations and growth
of a target business, which could compel us to restructure or abandon a particular business combination. We
have not selected any specific business combination target but intend to target businesses larger than we could acquire with the
net proceeds of the Initial Public Offering and the sale of the Private Placement Warrants. As a result, we may be required to
seek additional financing to complete such proposed initial business combination. We cannot assure you that such financing will
be available on acceptable terms, if at all. To the extent that additional financing proves to be unavailable when needed to complete
our initial business combination, we would be compelled to either restructure the transaction or abandon that particular business
combination and seek an alternative target business candidate. Further, the amount of additional financing we may be required
to obtain could increase as a result of future growth capital needs for any particular transaction, the depletion of the available
net proceeds in search of a target business, the obligation to repurchase for cash a significant number of shares from stockholders
who elect redemption in connection with our initial business combination and/or the terms of negotiated transactions to purchase
shares in connection with our initial business combination. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination, our
public stockholders may receive only approximately $10.00 per share plus any pro rata interest earned on the funds held in the
trust account and not previously released to us to pay our taxes on the liquidation of our trust account and our warrants will
expire worthless. In addition, even if we do not need additional financing to complete our initial business combination, we may
require such financing to fund the operations or growth of the target business. The failure to secure additional financing could
have a material adverse effect on the continued development or growth of the target business. None of our officers, directors
or stockholders is required to provide any financing to us in connection with or after our initial business combination. If we
are unable to complete our initial business combination, our public stockholders may only receive approximately $10.00 per share
on the liquidation of our trust account, and our warrants will expire worthless. Furthermore, as described in the risk factor
entitled “—If third parties bring claims against us, the proceeds held in the trust account could be reduced and the
per-share redemption amount received by stockholders may be less than $10.00 per share,” under certain circumstances our
public stockholders may receive less than $10.00 per share upon the liquidation of the trust account. Our
initial stockholders may exert a substantial influence on actions requiring a stockholder vote, potentially in a manner that you
do not support. Upon
the closing of the Initial Public Offering, our initial stockholders owned 20% of our outstanding common stock. Accordingly, they
may exert a substantial influence on actions requiring a stockholder vote, potentially in a manner that you do not support, including
amendments to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and approval of major corporate transactions. If our initial
stockholders purchase any additional shares of common stock in the aftermarket or in privately negotiated transactions, this would
increase their control. Factors that would be considered in making such additional purchases would include consideration of the
current trading price of our Class A common stock. In addition, our board of directors, whose members were elected by our initial
stockholders, is and will be divided into three classes, each of which will generally serve for a term of three years with only
one class of directors being elected in each year. We may not hold an annual meeting of stockholders to elect new directors prior
to the completion of our initial business combination, in which case all of the current directors will continue in office until
at least the completion of the initial business combination. If there is an annual meeting, as a consequence of our “staggered”
board of directors, only a minority of the board of directors will be considered for election and our initial stockholders, because
of their ownership position, will have considerable influence regarding the outcome. Accordingly, our initial stockholders will
continue to exert control at least until the completion of our initial business combination. Please see “Item 1. Business—Permitted
Purchases of our Securities.” 45 Our
initial sponsor paid an aggregate of $25,000, or approximately $0.003 per founder share, and, accordingly, holders of our Class
A common stock will experience substantial dilution. Our
sponsor acquired the founder shares at a nominal price, significantly contributing to the dilution of holders of our Class A common
stock. This dilution would increase to the extent that the anti-dilution provisions of the Class B common stock result in the
issuance of Class A shares on a greater than one-to-one basis upon conversion of the Class B common stock at the time of our initial
business combination and would become exacerbated to the extent that public stockholders seek redemptions from the trust. In addition,
because of the anti-dilution rights of the founder shares, any equity or equity-linked securities issued or deemed issued in connection
with our initial business combination would be disproportionately dilutive to our Class A common stock. Unlike
many other similarly structured blank check companies, our initial stockholders will receive additional shares of Class A common
stock if we issue shares to consummate an initial business combination. The
founder shares will automatically convert into Class A common stock at the time of our initial business combination, or earlier
at the option of the holders, on a one-for-one basis, subject to adjustment as provided herein. In the case that additional
shares of Class A common stock, or equity-linked securities convertible or exercisable for Class A common stock, are issued
or deemed issued in excess of the amounts offered in the Initial Public Offering and related to the closing of the initial business
combination, the ratio at which founder shares shall convert into Class A common stock will be adjusted so that the number of
Class A common stock issuable upon conversion of all founder shares will equal, in the aggregate, on an as-converted basis,
20% of the total number of all outstanding shares of common stock upon completion of the initial business combination, excluding
any shares or equity-linked securities issued, or to be issued, to any seller in the business combination and any private
placement-equivalent warrants issued to our sponsor or its affiliates upon conversion of loans made to us. This is different
from most other similarly structured blank check companies in which the initial stockholder will only be issued an aggregate of
20% of the total number of shares to be outstanding prior to the initial business combination. Additionally, the aforementioned
adjustment will not take into account any shares of Class A common stock redeemed in connection with the business combination.
Accordingly, the holders of the founder shares could receive additional shares of Class A common stock even if the additional
shares of Class A common stock, or equity-linked securities convertible or exercisable for Class A common stock, are issued
or deemed issued solely to replace those shares that were redeemed in connection with the business combination. The foregoing
may make it more difficult and expensive for us to consummate an initial business combination. We
may amend the terms of the warrants in a manner that may be adverse to holders of public warrants with the approval by the holders
of at least 65% of the then outstanding public warrants. As a result, the exercise price of your warrants could be increased,
the exercise period could be shortened and the number of shares of our Class A common stock purchasable upon exercise of a warrant
could be decreased, all without your approval. Our
warrants were issued in registered form under a warrant agreement between Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company, N.A.,
as warrant agent, and us. The warrant agreement provides that the terms of the warrants may be amended without the consent of
any holder to cure any ambiguity or correct any defective provision, but requires the approval by the holders of at least 65%
of the then outstanding public warrants to make any change that adversely affects the interests of the registered holders of public
warrants. Accordingly, we may amend the terms of the public warrants in a manner adverse to a holder if holders of at least 65%
of the then outstanding public warrants approve of such amendment. Although our ability to amend the terms of the public warrants
with the consent of at least 65% of the then outstanding public warrants is unlimited, examples of such amendments could be amendments
to, among other things, increase the exercise price of the warrants, convert the warrants into cash or stock shorten the exercise
period or decrease the number of shares of our common stock purchasable upon exercise of a warrant. Please see “Item 1.
Business—Permitted Purchases of our Securities.” 46 We
may redeem your unexpired warrants prior to their exercise at a time that is disadvantageous to you, thereby making your warrants
worthless. We
have the ability to redeem outstanding warrants at any time after they become exercisable and prior to their expiration, at a
price of $0.01 per warrant, provided that the last reported sales price of our Class A common stock equals or exceeds $18.00 per
share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days
within a 30 trading-day period ending on the third trading day prior to the date on which we give proper notice of such redemption
and provided certain other conditions are met. If and when the warrants become redeemable by us, we may not exercise our redemption
right if the issuance of shares of common stock upon exercise of the warrants is not exempt from registration or qualification
under applicable state blue sky laws or we are unable to effect such registration or qualification. We will use our best efforts
to register or qualify such shares of common stock under the blue sky laws of the state of residence in those states in which
the warrants were offered by us in the Initial Public Offering. Redemption of the outstanding warrants could force you (i) to
exercise your warrants and pay the exercise price therefor at a time when it may be disadvantageous for you to do so, (ii) to
sell your warrants at the then-current market price when you might otherwise wish to hold your warrants or (iii) to accept the
nominal redemption price which, at the time the outstanding warrants are called for redemption, is likely to be substantially
less than the market value of your warrants. None of the Private Placement Warrants will be redeemable by us so long as they are
held by our sponsor or its permitted transferees. Our
warrants and founder shares may have an adverse effect on the market price of our Class A common stock and make it more difficult
to effectuate our initial business combination. We
issued warrants to purchase 15,007,500 shares of our Class A common stock as part of the units offered in the Initial Public Offering.
Simultaneously with the closing of the Initial Public Offering, we also issued in a private placement an aggregate of 8,503,000
Private Placement Warrants, each exercisable to purchase one share of Class A common stock at a price of $11.50 per share, subject
to adjustment as provided herein. Our initial stockholders currently own an aggregate of 7,503,750 founder shares. The founder
shares are convertible into shares of Class A common stock on a one-for-one basis, subject to adjustment as set forth herein.
In addition, on February 24, 2020, we issued a Note in the principal amount of up to $1,500,000 to our Sponsor. The Note bears
no interest and is repayable in full upon consummation of our initial business combination. The Sponsor has the option to convert
any unpaid balance of the Note into Working Capital Warrants equal to the principal amount of the Note so converted divided by
$1.00. The terms of any such Working Capital Warrants will be identical to the terms of the Private Placement Warrants. To
the extent we issue shares of Class A common stock to effectuate an initial business combination, the potential for the issuance
of a substantial number of additional shares of Class A common stock upon exercise of these warrants and conversion rights could
make us a less attractive business combination vehicle to a target business. Any such issuance will increase the number of issued
and outstanding shares of our Class A common stock and reduce the value of the shares of Class A common stock issued to complete
the initial business combination. Therefore, our warrants and founder shares may make it more difficult to effectuate an initial
business combination or increase the cost of acquiring the target business. The
Private Placement Warrants are identical to the warrants sold as part of the units in the Initial Public Offering except that,
so long as they are held by our sponsor or its permitted transferees: (i) they will not be redeemable by us, (ii) they (including
the Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of these warrants) may not, subject to certain limited exceptions, be transferred,
assigned or sold by our sponsor until 30 days after the completion of our initial business combination and (iii) they may be exercised
by the holders on a cashless basis. Because
each unit contains one half of one redeemable warrant and only a whole warrant may be exercised, the units may be worth less than
units of other blank check companies. Each
unit contains one half of one redeemable warrant. No fractional warrants are issued upon separation of the units, and only whole
units trade. Accordingly, unless you purchase at least two units, you are not able to receive or trade a whole warrant. This is
different from other offerings similar to ours whose units include one share of Class A common stock and one whole warrant to
purchase one whole share. We have established the components of the units in this way in order to reduce the dilutive effect of
the warrants upon completion of an initial business combination since the warrants will be exercisable in the aggregate for one
half of the number of shares compared to units that each contain a warrant to purchase one whole share, thus making us, we believe,
a more attractive merger partner for target businesses. Nevertheless, this unit structure may cause our units to be worth less
than if they included a warrant to purchase one whole share. 47 A
provision of our warrant agreement may make it more difficult for us to consummate an initial business combination. Unlike
most blank check companies, if we issue additional shares of common stock or equity-linked securities for capital raising
purposes in connection with the closing of our initial business combination at a newly issued price of less than $9.20 per share
of common stock, then the exercise price of the warrants will be adjusted to be equal to 115% of the newly issued price. This
may make it more difficult for us to consummate an initial business combination with a target business. Because
we must furnish our stockholders with target business financial statements, we may lose the ability to complete an otherwise advantageous
initial business combination with some prospective target businesses. The
federal proxy rules require that a proxy statement with respect to a vote on an initial business combination meeting certain financial
significance tests include historical and/or pro forma financial statement disclosure in periodic reports. We will include the
same financial statement disclosure in connection with our tender offer documents, whether or not they are required under the
tender offer rules. These financial statements may be required to be prepared in accordance with, or be reconciled to, accounting
principles generally accepted in the United States of America, or GAAP, or international financial reporting standards as issued
by the International Accounting Standards Board, or IFRS, depending on the circumstances and the historical financial statements
may be required to be audited in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States),
or PCAOB. These financial statement requirements may limit the pool of potential target businesses we may acquire because some
targets may be unable to provide such financial statements in time for us to disclose such financial statements in accordance
with federal proxy rules and complete our initial business combination within the prescribed time frame. We
are an emerging growth company within the meaning of the Securities Act, and if we take advantage of certain exemptions from disclosure
requirements available to emerging growth companies, this could make our securities less attractive to investors and may make
it more difficult to compare our performance with other public companies. We
are an “emerging growth company” within the meaning of the Securities Act, as modified by the JOBS Act, and we may
take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are
not emerging growth companies including, but not limited to, not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements
of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports
and proxy statements, and exemptions from the requirements of holding a nonbinding advisory vote on executive compensation and
stockholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved. As a result, our stockholders may not have access
to certain information they may deem important. We could be an emerging growth company for up to five years, although circumstances
could cause us to lose that status earlier, including if the market value of our Class A common stock held by non-affiliates exceeds
$700 million as of the end of any second quarter of a fiscal year, in which case we would no longer be an emerging growth company
as of the end of such fiscal year. We cannot predict whether investors will find our securities less attractive because we will
rely on these exemptions. If some investors find our securities less attractive as a result of our reliance on these exemptions,
the trading prices of our securities may be lower than they otherwise would be, there may be a less active trading market for
our securities and the trading prices of our securities may be more volatile. Further,
Section 102(b)(1) of the JOBS Act exempts emerging growth companies from being required to comply with new or revised financial
accounting standards until private companies (that is, those that have not had a Securities Act registration statement declared
effective or do not have a class of securities registered under the Exchange Act) are required to comply with the new or revised
financial accounting standards. The JOBS Act provides that a company can elect to opt out of the extended transition period and
comply with the requirements that apply to non-emerging growth companies but any such election to opt out is irrevocable. We have
elected not to opt out of such extended transition period which means that when a standard is issued or revised and it has different
application dates for public or private companies, we, as an emerging growth company, can adopt the new or revised standard at
the time private companies adopt the new or revised standard. This may make comparison of our financial statements with another
public company which is neither an emerging growth company nor an emerging growth company which has opted out of using the extended
transition period difficult or impossible because of the potential differences in accounting standards used. 48 Compliance
obligations under the Sarbanes-Oxley Act may make it more difficult for us to effectuate our initial business combination, require
substantial financial and management resources, and increase the time and costs of completing an initial business combination. Section
404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act requires that we evaluate and report on our system of internal controls beginning with our annual
report for the year ending December 31, 2020. Only in the event we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer or an accelerated
filer, and no longer qualify as an emerging growth company, will we be required to comply with the independent registered public
accounting firm attestation requirement on our internal control over financial reporting. Further, for as long as we remain an
emerging growth company, we will not be required to comply with the independent registered public accounting firm attestation
requirement on our internal control over financial reporting. The fact that we are a blank check company makes compliance with
the requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act particularly burdensome on us as compared to other public companies because a target
business with which we seek to complete our initial business combination may not be in compliance with the provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act regarding adequacy of its internal controls. The development of the internal control of any such entity to achieve compliance
with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act may increase the time and costs necessary to complete any such initial business combination. Provisions
in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and Delaware law may inhibit a takeover of us, which could limit the
price investors might be willing to pay in the future for our Class A common stock and could entrench management. Our
amended and restated certificate of incorporation contains provisions that may discourage unsolicited takeover proposals that
stockholders may consider to be in their best interests. These provisions include a staggered board of directors and the ability
of the board of directors to designate the terms of and issue new series of preferred shares, which may make the removal of management
more difficult and may discourage transactions that otherwise could involve payment of a premium over prevailing market prices
for our securities. We
are also subject to anti-takeover provisions under Delaware law, which could delay or prevent a change of control. Together these
provisions may make the removal of management more difficult and may discourage transactions that otherwise could involve payment
of a premium over prevailing market prices for our securities. Our
amended and restated certificate of incorporation requires, to the fullest extent permitted by law, that derivative actions brought
in our name, actions against our directors, officers, other employees or stockholders for breach of fiduciary duty and other similar
actions may be brought only in the Court of Chancery in the State of Delaware and, if brought outside of Delaware, the stockholder
bringing the suit will be deemed to have consented to service of process on such stockholder’s counsel, which may have the
effect of discouraging lawsuits against our directors, officers, other employees or stockholders. Our
amended and restated certificate of incorporation requires, to the fullest extent permitted by law, that derivative actions brought
in our name, actions against our directors, officers, other employees or stockholders for breach of fiduciary duty and other similar
actions may be brought only in the Court of Chancery in the State of Delaware and, if brought outside of Delaware, the stockholder
bringing the suit will be deemed to have consented to service of process on such stockholder’s counsel except any action
(A) as to which the Court of Chancery in the State of Delaware determines that there is an indispensable party not subject to
the jurisdiction of the Court of Chancery (and the indispensable party does not consent to the personal jurisdiction of the Court
of Chancery within ten days following such determination), (B) which is vested in the exclusive jurisdiction of a court or forum
other than the Court of Chancery, (C) for which the Court of Chancery does not have subject matter jurisdiction, or (D) any action
arising under the Securities Act, as to which the Court of Chancery and the federal district court for the District of Delaware
shall have concurrent jurisdiction. Any person or entity purchasing or otherwise acquiring any interest in shares of our capital
stock shall be deemed to have notice of and consented to the forum provisions in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation.
This choice of forum provision may limit a stockholder’s ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum that it finds favorable
for disputes with us or any of our directors, officers, other employees or stockholders, which may discourage lawsuits with respect
to such claims, although our stockholders will not be deemed to have waived our compliance with federal securities laws and the
rules and regulations thereunder. Alternatively, if a court were to find the choice of forum provision contained in our amended
and restated certificate of incorporation to be inapplicable or unenforceable in an action, we may incur additional costs associated
with resolving such action in other jurisdictions, which could harm our business, operating results and financial condition. 49 Our
amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that the exclusive forum provision will be applicable to the fullest
extent permitted by applicable law. Section 27 of the Exchange Act creates exclusive federal jurisdiction over all suits brought
to enforce any duty or liability created by the Exchange Act or the rules and regulations thereunder. As a result, the exclusive
forum provision does not apply to suits brought to enforce any duty or liability created by the Exchange Act or any other claim
for which the federal courts have exclusive jurisdiction. Cyber
incidents or attacks directed at us could result in information theft, data corruption, operational disruption and/or financial
loss. We
depend on digital technologies, including information systems, infrastructure and cloud applications and services, including those
of third parties with which we may deal. Sophisticated and deliberate attacks on, or security breaches in, our systems or infrastructure,
or the systems or infrastructure of third parties or the cloud, could lead to corruption or misappropriation of our assets, proprietary
information and sensitive or confidential data. As an early stage company without significant investments in data security protection,
we may not be sufficiently protected against such occurrences. We may not have sufficient resources to adequately protect against,
or to investigate and remediate any vulnerability to, cyber incidents. It is possible that any of these occurrences, or a combination
of them, could have adverse consequences on our business and lead to financial loss. If
we effect our initial business combination with a company with operations or opportunities outside of the United States, we would
be subject to a variety of additional risks that may negatively impact our operations. If
we effect our initial business combination with a company with operations or opportunities outside of the United States, we would
be subject to any special considerations or risks associated with companies operating in an international setting, including any
of the following: ● | costs and difficulties inherent in managing cross-border business operations and complying with different commercial and legal requirements of overseas markets; ● | rules and regulations regarding currency redemption; ● | complex corporate withholding taxes on individuals; ● | laws governing the manner in which future business combinations may be effected; ● | tariffs and trade barriers; ● | regulations related to customs and import/export matters; ● | longer payment cycles and challenges in collecting accounts receivable; ● | tax issues, including but not limited to tax law changes and variations in tax laws as compared to the United States; ● | currency fluctuations and exchange controls; 50 ● | rates of inflation; ● | cultural and language differences; ● | employment regulations; ● | data privacy; ● | changes in industry, regulatory or environmental standards within the jurisdictions where we operate; ● | crime, strikes, riots, civil disturbances, terrorist attacks, natural disasters and wars; ● | deterioration of political relations with the United States; and ● | government appropriation of assets. We
may not be able to adequately address these additional risks. If we were unable to do so, our operations might suffer, which may
adversely impact our results of operations and financial condition. We
may face risks related to technology, consumer, and/or media and communications sector companies. Business
combinations with companies in the technology, consumer, and/or media and communications sectors entail special considerations
and risks. If we are successful in completing a business combination with such a target business, we may be subject to, and possibly
adversely affected by, the following risks: ● | An inability to compete effectively in a highly competitive environment with many incumbents having substantially greater resources; ● | An inability to manage rapid change, increasing consumer expectations and growth; ● | An inability to build strong brand identity and improve subscriber or customer satisfaction and loyalty; ● | A reliance on proprietary technology to provide services and to manage our operations, and the failure of this technology to operate effectively, or our failure to use such technology effectively; ● | An inability to deal with our subscribers’ or customers’ privacy concerns; ● | An inability to attract and retain subscribers or customers; ● | An inability to license or enforce intellectual property rights on which our business may depend; ● | Any significant disruption in our computer systems or those of third-parties that we would utilize in our operations; ● | An inability by us, or a refusal by third parties, to license content to us upon acceptable terms; ● | Potential liability for negligence, copyright, or trademark infringement or other claims based on the nature and content of materials that we may distribute; ● | Competition for advertising revenue; ● | Competition for the leisure and entertainment time and discretionary spending of subscribers or customers, which may intensify in part due to advances in technology and changes in consumer expectations and behavior; 51 ● | Disruption or failure of our networks, systems or technology as a result of computer viruses, “cyber attacks,” misappropriation of data or other malfeasance, as well as outages, natural disasters, terrorist attacks, accidental releases of information or similar events; ● | An inability to obtain necessary hardware, software and operational support; and ● | Reliance on third-party vendors or service providers. Any
of the foregoing could have an adverse impact on our operations following a business combination. However, our efforts in identifying
prospective target businesses will not be limited to the technology, consumer, and/or media and communications sectors. Accordingly,
if we acquire a target business in another industry, these risks will likely not affect us and we will be subject to other risks
attendant with the specific industry in which we operate or target business which we acquire, none of which can be presently ascertained. Item 1B. | Unresolved Staff Comments. None. Item 2. | Properties. We
currently maintain our executive offices at 405 Lexington Avenue, 48 th Floor, New York, NY 10174. The cost for
this space is included in the $35,000 per month fee that we will pay an affiliate of our sponsor for office space, administrative
and support services. Item 3. | Legal Proceedings. We
are not currently subject to any material legal proceedings, nor, to our knowledge, is any material legal proceeding threatened
against us or any of our officers or directors in their corporate capacity. Item 4. | Mine Safety Disclosures. None. 52 PART
II Item 5. | Market for Registrant’s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. Market
Information. Our
units, Class A common stock and warrants are traded on the NYSE under the symbols “TRNE.U,” “TRNE” and
“TRNE WS,” respectively. Holders Although
there are a larger number of beneficial owners, at March 19, 2020, there was 1 holder of record of our units, 1 holder of record
of our separately traded Class A common stock and 2 holders of record of our separately traded warrants. Dividends We
have not paid any cash dividends on our common stock to date and do not intend to pay cash dividends prior to the completion of
our initial business combination. The payment of cash dividends in the future will be dependent upon our revenues and earnings,
if any, capital requirements and general financial condition subsequent to completion of our initial business combination. The
payment of any cash dividends subsequent to our initial business combination will be within the discretion of our board of directors
at such time. In addition, our board of directors is not currently contemplating and does not anticipate declaring any stock dividends
in the foreseeable future. Further, if we incur any indebtedness in connection with our initial business combination, our ability
to declare dividends may be limited by restrictive covenants we may agree to in connection therewith. Securities
Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans None. 53 Performance
 Graph The
graph below compares the cumulative total return for our units from March 15, 2019 (the first day on which our units began trading)
through December 31, 2019 with the comparable cumulative return of two indices: the S&P 500 Index and the Russell 2000 Index.
The graph assumes $100 invested on March 15, 2019 in each of our units and the two indices presented. Recent
Sales of Unregistered Securities; Use of Proceeds from Registered Offerings In
October 2018, the Initial Sponsor purchased 8,625,000 founder shares for an aggregate purchase price of $25,000, or approximately
$0.003 per share. As used herein, unless the context otherwise requires, “founder shares” shall be deemed to include
the shares of Class A common stock issuable upon conversion thereof. On November 12, 2018, the Initial Sponsor transferred 25,000
shares of Class B common stock to each of Ms. Linden and Messrs. Nathanson, Zuaiter and Sander in compensation for their services
as independent directors of the Company. In February 2019, the Initial Sponsor assigned 8,525,000 founder shares to the Sponsor.
The founder shares are identical to the Class A common stock included in the Units sold in the Initial Public Offering except
that the founder shares automatically convert into shares of Class A common stock at the time of the Company’s Initial Business
Combination and are subject to certain transfer restrictions, as described in more detail below. Holders of founder shares may
also elect to convert their shares of Class B convertible common stock into an equal number of shares of Class A common stock,
subject to adjustment as provided above, at any time. In February 2019, the Sponsor forfeited 1,437,500 founder shares and in
March 2019, the Company effected a 1.044 for 1 stock dividend of the Class B convertible common stock, resulting in 7,503,750
founder shares issued and outstanding, of which an aggregate of up to 978,750 founder shares were subject to forfeiture to the
extent that the over-allotment option was not exercised in full by the Underwriters. The foregoing issuance was made pursuant
to the exemption from registration contained in Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act. The number of founder shares issued was
determined based on the expectation that the founder shares would represent 20% of the outstanding shares of our common stock
upon completion of the Initial Public Offering. On
March 19, 2019, we consummated the Initial Public Offering of 26,100,000 Units. The Units were sold at a price of $10.00 per Unit,
generating gross proceeds to the Company of $261,000,000. The Company granted the Underwriters a 45-day option to purchase up
to 3,915,000 additional Units to cover over-allotments, if any. On March 29, 2019, the Underwriters exercised the over-allotment
option in full and purchased an additional 3,915,000 Over-Allotment Units, generating gross proceeds of $39,150,000. Simultaneous with the consummation of the Initial Public Offering,
we consummated the private placement of an aggregate of 7,720,000 warrants, each exercisable to purchase one share of the Company’s
Class A common stock for $11.50 per share (“Private Placement Warrants”), to the Sponsor at a price of $1.00 per Private
Placement Warrant, generating total proceeds of $7,720,000. In connection with the Underwriters’ exercise of their over-allotment
option, the Sponsor purchased an additional 783,000 Private Placement Warrants, generating gross proceeds to the Company of $783,000.
Of the gross proceeds received from the Initial Public Offering and the Private Placement Warrants, $300,150,000 was placed in
the trust account. 54 Item 6. | Selected Financial Data. The
following table summarizes the relevant data for our business as of December 31, 2019 and should be read with our financial statements,
which are included in this 10-K: Income Statement Data:
Loss from operations | $ | (1,856,857 | )
Net income | 2,729,032
Balance Sheet Data:
Cash | $ | 138,533
Marketable securities held in trust account | 304,528,924
Total assets | 305,124,794
Total liabilities | 10,844,095
Common stock subject to possible redemption | 289,280,690
Total stockholders’ equity | 5,000,009 Item 7. | Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. Special
Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements All
statements other than statements of historical fact included in this Form 10-K including, without limitation, statements under
“Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” regarding the Company’s
financial position, business strategy and the plans and objectives of management for future operations, are forward-looking statements.
When used in this Form 10-K, words such as “anticipate,” “believe,” “estimate,” “expect,”
“intend” and similar expressions, as they relate to us or the Company’s management, identify forward-looking
statements. Such forward-looking statements are based on the beliefs of management, as well as assumptions made by, and information
currently available to, the Company’s management. Actual results could differ materially from those contemplated by the
forward-looking statements as a result of certain factors detailed in our filings with the SEC. The
following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with the
financial statements and the notes thereto contained elsewhere in this Report. Certain information contained in the discussion
and analysis set forth below includes forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. Overview We
are a blank check company formed under the laws of the State of Delaware on September 26, 2018 for the purpose of effecting a
merger, capital stock exchange, asset acquisition, stock purchase, reorganization or similar Business Combination with one or
more target businesses. We intend to effectuate our Business Combination using cash from the proceeds of our Initial Public Offering
and the sale of the Private Placement Warrants that occurred simultaneously with the completion of our Initial Public Offering,
our capital stock, debt or a combination of cash, stock and debt. The
issuance of additional shares in connection with an initial business combination to the owners of the target or other investors: ● | may significantly dilute the equity interest of investors, which dilution would increase if the anti-dilution provisions in the Class B common stock resulted in the issuance of Class A shares on a greater than one-to-one basis upon conversion of the Class B common stock; ● | may subordinate the rights of holders of our common stock if preferred stock is issued with rights senior to those afforded our common stock; ● | could cause a change in control if a substantial number of shares of our common stock is issued, which may affect, among other things, our ability to use our net operating loss carry forwards, if any, and could result in the resignation or removal of our present officers and directors; 55 ● | may have the effect of delaying or preventing a change of control of us by diluting the stock ownership or voting rights of a person seeking to obtain control of us; and ● | may adversely affect prevailing market prices for our Class A common stock and/or warrants. Similarly,
if we issue debt securities or otherwise incur significant debt to bank or other lenders or the owners of a target, it could result
in: ● | default and foreclosure on our assets if our operating revenues after an initial business combination are insufficient to repay our debt obligations; ● | acceleration of our obligations to repay the indebtedness even if we make all principal and interest payments when due if we breach certain covenants that require the maintenance of certain financial ratios or reserves without a waiver or renegotiation of that covenant; ● | our immediate payment of all principal and accrued interest, if any, if the debt security is payable on demand; ● | our inability to obtain necessary additional financing if the debt security contains covenants restricting our ability to obtain such financing while the debt security is outstanding; ● | our inability to pay dividends on our common stock; ● | using a substantial portion of our cash flow to pay principal and interest on our debt, which will reduce the funds available for dividends on our common stock if declared, our ability to pay expenses, make capital expenditures and acquisitions, and fund other general corporate purposes; ● | limitations on our flexibility in planning for and reacting to changes in our business and in the industry in which we operate; ● | increased vulnerability to adverse changes in general economic, industry and competitive conditions and adverse changes in government regulation; ● | limitations on our ability to borrow additional amounts for expenses, capital expenditures, acquisitions, debt service requirements, and execution of our strategy; and ● | other purposes and other disadvantages compared to our competitors who have less debt. We
expect to continue to incur significant costs in the pursuit of our acquisition plans. We cannot assure you that our plans to
complete a Business Combination will be successful. Results
of Operations We
have neither engaged in any operations nor generated any revenues to date. Our only activities from inception to December 31,
2019 were organizational activities and those necessary to prepare for the Initial Public Offering, described below, and, after
our Initial Public Offering, identifying a target company for a Business Combination. We do not expect to generate any operating
revenues until after the completion of our Business Combination. We generate non-operating income in the form of interest income
on marketable securities held in the Trust Account. We are incurring expenses as a result of being a public company (for legal,
financial reporting, accounting and auditing compliance), as well as for due diligence expenses. 56 For
the year ended December 31, 2019, we had net income of $2,729,032, which consisted of interest income on marketable securities
held in the Trust Account of $5,142,140 and an unrealized gain on marketable securities held in our Trust Account of $169,784,
offset by operating costs of $1,856,857 and a provision for income taxes of $726,035. For
the period from September 28, 2018 (inception) through December 31, 2018, we had net loss of $43,693, which consisted of operating
costs. Liquidity
and Capital Resources On
March 19, 2019, we consummated the Initial Public Offering of 26,100,000 Units at a price of $10.00 per Unit, generating gross
proceeds of $261,000,000. Simultaneously with the closing of the Initial Public Offering, we consummated the sale of 7,720,000
Private Placement Warrants to the Sponsor at a price of $1.00 per warrant, generating gross proceeds of $7,720,000. On
March 29, 2019, in connection with the underwriters’ election to fully exercise of their over-allotment option, we consummated
the sale of an additional 3,915,000 Units and the sale of an additional 783,000 Private Placement Warrants, generating total gross
proceeds of $39,933,000. Following
the Initial Public Offering, the exercise of the over-allotment option and the sale of the Private Placement Warrants, a total
of $300,150,000 was placed in the Trust Account. We incurred $17,082,640 in transaction costs, including $6,003,000 of underwriting
fees, $10,505,250 of deferred underwriting fees and $574,390 of other offering costs. For
the year ended December 31, 2019, cash used in operating activities was $2,697,806, which was comprised on our net income of $2,729,032,
interest earned on marketable securities held in the Trust Account of $5,142,140, an unrealized gain on marketable securities
held in our Trust Account of $169,784, a deferred income tax provision of $35,655 and changes in operating assets and liabilities,
which used $150,569 of cash from operating activities. For
the period from September 26, 2018 (inception) through December 31, 2018, cash used in operating activities was $47,271, which
was comprised on our net loss of $43,693 and changes in operating assets and liabilities, which used $3,578 of cash from operating
activities. As
of December 31, 2019, we had marketable securities held in the Trust Account of $304,528,924 (including approximately $4,379,000
of interest income and unrealized gains) consisting of cash and U.S. Treasury Bills with a maturity of 180 days or less. Interest
income on the balance in the Trust Account may be used by us to pay taxes. Through December 31, 2019, we withdrew $933,000 of
interest earned on the Trust Account to pay income taxes. We
intend to use substantially all of the funds held in the Trust Account, including any amounts representing interest earned on
the Trust Account (less deferred underwriting commissions) to complete our Business Combination. To the extent that our capital
stock or debt is used, in whole or in part, as consideration to complete our Business Combination, the remaining proceeds held
in the Trust Account will be used as working capital to finance the operations of the target business or businesses, make other
acquisitions and pursue our growth strategies. At
December 31, 2019, we had cash of $138,533 held outside the Trust Account. We intend to use the funds held outside the Trust Account
primarily to identify and evaluate target businesses, perform business due diligence on prospective target businesses, travel
to and from the offices, plants or similar locations of prospective target businesses or their representatives or owners, review
corporate documents and material agreements of prospective target businesses, and structure, negotiate and complete a Business
Combination. On
February 24, 2020, we issued a Note in the principal amount of up to $1,500,000 to our Sponsor. The Note bears no interest and
is repayable in full upon consummation of our initial business combination. The Sponsor has the option to convert any unpaid balance
of the Note into Working Capital Warrants equal to the principal amount of the Note so converted divided by $1.00. The terms of
any such Working Capital Warrants will be identical to the terms of the Private Placement Warrants. If we complete a Business
Combination, we would repay such loaned amounts to the extent they are not converted into Working Capital Warrants. In the event
that a Business Combination does not close, we may use a portion of the working capital held outside the Trust Account to repay
such loaned amounts but no proceeds from our Trust Account would be used for such repayment. 57 We
do not believe we will need to raise additional funds in order to meet the expenditures required for operating our business. However,
if our estimate of the costs of identifying a target business, undertaking in-depth due diligence and negotiating a Business Combination
are less than the actual amount necessary to do so, we may have insufficient funds available to operate our business prior to
our Business Combination. Moreover, we may need to obtain additional financing either to complete our Business Combination or
because we become obligated to redeem a significant number of our public shares upon consummation of our Business Combination,
in which case we may issue additional securities or incur debt in connection with such Business Combination. Subject to compliance
with applicable securities laws, we would only complete such financing simultaneously with the completion of our Business Combination.
If we are unable to complete our Business Combination because we do not have sufficient funds available to us, we will be forced
to cease operations and liquidate the Trust Account. In addition, following our Business Combination, if cash on hand is insufficient,
we may need to obtain additional financing in order to meet our obligations. Off-balance
sheet financing arrangements We
did not have any off-balance sheet arrangements as of December 31, 2019. Contractual
obligations We
do not have any long-term debt, capital lease obligations, operating lease obligations or long-term liabilities, other than an
agreement to pay an affiliate of the Sponsor a monthly fee of $35,000 for office space, utilities and secretarial and administrative
support. We began incurring these fees on March 14, 2019 and will continue to incur these fees monthly until the earlier of the
completion of the Business Combination and the Company’s liquidation. The
underwriters are entitled to a deferred fee of $0.35 per Unit, or $10,505,250 in the aggregate. The deferred fee will become payable
to the underwriters from the amounts held in the Trust Account solely in the event we complete an Initial Business Combination.
If we do not complete an Initial Business Combination and subsequently liquidate, the trustee and the underwriters have agreed
that (i) they will forfeit any rights or claims to their deferred underwriting discounts and commissions, including any accrued
interest thereon, then in the Trust Account upon liquidation, and (ii) that the deferred underwriters’ discounts and commissions
will be distributed on a pro rata basis, including interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account and not previously released
to us to pay taxes to the public stockholders. Critical
Accounting Policies The
preparation of financial statements and related disclosures in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the
United States of America requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and
liabilities, disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements, and income and expenses
during the periods reported. Actual results could materially differ from those estimates. We have identified the following critical
accounting policies: Common
stock subject to possible redemption We
account for our common stock subject to possible redemption in accordance with the guidance in Accounting Standards Codification
(“ASC”) Topic 480 “Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity.” Common stock subject to mandatory redemption
is classified as a liability instrument and is measured at fair value. Conditionally redeemable common stock (including common
stock that features redemption rights that are either within the control of the holder or subject to redemption upon the occurrence
of uncertain events not solely within our control) is classified as temporary equity. At all other times, common stock is classified
as stockholders’ equity. Our common stock features certain redemption rights that are considered to be outside of our control
and subject to occurrence of uncertain future events. Accordingly, common stock subject to possible redemption is presented at
redemption value as temporary equity, outside of the stockholders’ equity section of our balance sheets. 58 Net
loss per common share We
apply the two-class method in calculating earnings per share. Shares of common stock subject to possible redemption which are
not currently redeemable and are not redeemable at fair value, have been excluded from the calculation of basic net loss per share
since such shares, if redeemed, only participate in their pro rata share of the trust account earnings. Our net income is adjusted
for the portion of income that is attributable to common stock subject to possible redemption, as these shares only participate
in the earnings of the Trust Account and not our income or losses. Recent
accounting standards Management
does not believe that any other recently issued, but not yet effective, accounting pronouncements, if currently adopted, would
have a material effect on our financial statements. Item
7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk As
of December 31, 2019, we were not subject to any market or interest rate risk. Following the consummation of our Initial
Public Offering, the net proceeds of our Initial Public Offering, including amounts in the Trust Account, have been invested in
U.S. government treasury bills, notes or bonds with a maturity of 180 days or less or in certain money market funds that invest
solely in U.S. treasuries. Due to the short-term nature of these investments, we believe there will be no associated material
exposure to interest rate risk. Item
8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data This
information appears following Item 15 of this Report and is included herein by reference. Item
9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure None. Item
9A. Controls and Procedures. Evaluation
of Disclosure Controls and Procedures Disclosure
controls are procedures that are designed with the objective of ensuring that information required to be disclosed in our reports
filed under the Exchange Act, such as this Report, is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time period specified
in the SEC’s rules and forms. Disclosure controls are also designed with the objective of ensuring that such information
is accumulated and communicated to our management, including the chief executive officer and chief financial officer, as appropriate
to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Our management evaluated, with the participation of our principal executive
officer and principal financial and accounting officer (our “Certifying Officers”), the effectiveness of our disclosure
controls and procedures as of December 31, 2019, pursuant to Rule 13a-15(b) under the Exchange Act. Based upon that evaluation,
our Certifying Officers concluded that, as of December 31, 2019, our disclosure controls and procedures were effective. We
do not expect that our disclosure controls and procedures will prevent all errors and all instances of fraud. Disclosure controls
and procedures, no matter how well conceived and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives
of the disclosure controls and procedures are met. Further, the design of disclosure controls and procedures must reflect the
fact that there are resource constraints, and the benefits must be considered relative to their costs. Because of the inherent
limitations in all disclosure controls and procedures, no evaluation of disclosure controls and procedures can provide absolute
assurance that we have detected all our control deficiencies and instances of fraud, if any. The design of disclosure controls
and procedures also is based partly on certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events, and there can be no assurance
that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions. Management’s
Report on Internal Controls Over Financial Reporting This
Annual Report on Form 10-K does not include a report of management’s assessment regarding internal control over financial
reporting or an attestation report of our independent registered public accounting firm due to a transition period established
by rules of the SEC for newly public companies. Changes
in Internal Control over Financial Reporting There
were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting (as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) of
the Exchange Act) during the most recent fiscal quarter that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially
affect, our internal control over financial reporting. Item 9B. | Other Information. None. 59 PART
III Item 10. | Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance. Our
current directors and executive officers are as follows: Name | Age | Title
Leo Hindery, Jr. | 72 | Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
M. Ian G. Gilchrist | 70 | President and Director
Mark J. Coleman | 61 | Executive Vice President and General Counsel
Pierre M. Henry | 31 | Chief Financial Officer and EVP, Development
Josephine Linden | 67 | Director
Marc Nathanson | 74 | Director
Kent R. Sander | 66 | Director
Tom Wasserman | 45 | Director
Abbas F. Zuaiter | 52 | Director Leo
Hindery, Jr., Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Leo
Hindery, Jr. is Managing Partner of InterMedia Partners, a series of media industry investment funds he founded in 1988 and ran
until February 1997 when he was named President and CEO of TCI, then, along with its affiliate Liberty Media, the world’s
largest combined cable television system operator and programming entity. In March 1999 TCI merged into AT&T and he became
President and CEO of AT&T Broadband. In November 1999 he was named Chairman and CEO of GlobalCenter Inc., a major Internet
services company which fourteen months later merged into Exodus Communications, Inc. Following this merger, until October 2004,
he was the founding Chairman and CEO of The YES Network, the regional television home of the New York Yankees, after which he
reconstituted InterMedia Partners. A member of the Cable Industry Hall of Fame and formerly Chairman of the National Cable Television
Association and of C-SPAN, Mr. Hindery has been recognized as one of the cable industry’s “25 Most Influential
Executives Over the Past 25 Years” and one of the “30 Individuals with the Most Significant Impact on Cable’s
Early History.” He is a member of the Council on Foreign Relations, a Trustee of Emerson College, and a Director of Common
Cause New York, of Hemisphere Media Group, Inc. and of Fitness Anywhere, LLC. He has an MBA from the Stanford Graduate School
of Business and a BA from Seattle University. Mr. Hindery is well-qualified to serve on our Board of Directors due to
his extensive industry and board experience. M.
Ian G. Gilchrist, President and Director M.
Ian G. Gilchrist our President and one of our directors, has been a Director of Liberty Media Corporation since July 2009. Previously,
Mr. Gilchrist was a Managing Director of Salomon Brothers/Citigroup, CS First Boston and Blyth Eastman PaineWebber. He began
his 30-year financial career as a securities investment analyst for Mutual of New York and as a TMT investment banker and
venture capital professional for Warburg Paribas Becker. As a Board Member of Liberty Media, he serves as Chairman of the Compensation
Committee and as a member of the Audit Committee and of the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee. He has been a Director
of Qurate Retail Group (NASDAQ:QRTEA, QRTEB, formerly Liberty Interactive Corporation), a portfolio of retail brands including
QVC, HSN and Zulily, since its inception on March 2018, where he serves as Chairman of the Audit Committee and as a member of
the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee. Mr. Gilchrist is currently a member of the Yale University Development
Council, the Yale University School of Architecture Dean’s Council, and the Paul Rudolph Foundation’s Board of Directors.
He has an MBA from New York University and a BA from Yale University. Mr. Gilchrist is well-qualified to serve
on our Board of Directors due to his extensive industry and board experience. 60 Mark
J. Coleman, Executive Vice President & General Counsel Mark
J. Coleman is Senior Partner and General Counsel of InterMedia Advisors, LLC. Most recently, he has been an Executive Vice President
and General Counsel of The YES Network, which he co-founded in June 2001. Prior to joining YES, Mr. Coleman was Executive
Vice President and General Counsel at GlobalCenter Inc. since January 2000. Previously, from June 1998 to December 1999, Mr. Coleman
was a Senior Partner at Orrick, Herrington & Sutcliffe LLP, prior to which he was a Partner at Pillsbury Madison & Sutro
LLP, which he joined in 1984. Mr. Coleman has over 30 years of experience in the media industry and in private equity. Mr. Coleman
has advised Leo Hindery in every one of Mr. Hindery’s initiatives and positions since January 1988 when InterMedia
Partners, LP was formed. Mr. Coleman also serves on the board of trustees of the Queens Museum of Art. He has a JD from the
University of California, Berkeley and a BA from Pomona College. Pierre
M. Henry, CFO and Executive Vice President of Development Until
September 2018, when he moved over to Trine, Pierre M. Henry was head of corporate development and investor relations at Hemisphere
Media Group (NASDAQ:HMTV) the only publicly traded, pure-play U.S. media company targeting the high growth U.S. Hispanic
and Latin American markets, with leading broadcast and cable television and digital content platforms Hemisphere was created as
an operating company by InterMedia Partners, LP in 2006. Prior to Hemisphere, Mr. Henry was a Principal in the Tokyo and
San Francisco offices of Rakuten (OTC:RKUNY), Japan’s leading internet company with a $9 billion market cap. Reporting
directly to CEO Hiroshi Mikitani, Henry built Rakuten’s entertainment analytics division from the ground up and sourced
and executed M&A deals for its media & communications division. Prior to Rakuten, he was a Vice President with Kylin Capital,
a Chinese private equity group specializing in media & entertainment investments throughout Asia. Mr. Henry started his
career as an entrepreneur in the film industry, creating a consulting company called Cinnabar Media. His clients included The
Walt Disney Company, Lucasfilm, Sony Pictures, Paramount and CCTV. He has an MBA from the Stanford Graduate School of Business,
an MPhil from Downing College, University of Cambridge, and a BA from the University of Chicago. Josephine
Linden — Director Josephine
Linden, one of our directors, is Founder and CEO of Linden Global Strategies, a wealth management advisory firm and multi-family
office. She retired from Goldman Sachs as a partner and managing director in 2009, after being with the firm for over twenty-five
years. Josephine serves on private and non-profit boards. She is the Chairman of Lands’ End (NASDAQ: LE), and an Ambassador
of the Advance Australia Global Advisory Board. She is a Trustee for the Collegiate School, and sits on the Executive Committee
and the Investment Committee. She was an Adjunct Professor at the Business School of Columbia University where she taught a class
in wealth management, and she currently teaches and moderates ad hoc sessions. She is a member of the Council on Foreign Relations.
She has an MBA from the University of Chicago and a BA from the University of Sydney. Ms. Linden is well-qualified to serve on
our Board of Directors due to her extensive investment, wealth management and public company board experience. Marc
Nathanson — Director Marc
Nathanson, one of our directors, is an entrepreneur and philanthropist. He is best known for his founding of Falcon Cable in 1975,
which he sold in 1999 for $3.7 billion. He is a member of the Cable Industry Hall of Fame, former Chairman of the U.S. Broadcasting
Board of Governors, and former Vice Chairman of Charter Communications. Mr. Nathanson invested the profits from the sale
of Falcon Cable into his investment firms Mapleton Investments and Mapleton Properties, which have investments ranging from sports
teams to real estate to water technology companies, including Falcon Waterfree Technologies which is the largest manufacturer
of waterless urinals in the world. Mr. Nathanson is a member of the Council on Foreign Relations, and he is Vice Chairman
of the National Democratic Institute, Co-chair of the Pacific Council and a Trustee of the Aspen Institute. According to
the Milken Institute, “Nathanson is a recipient of Global Green’s Millennium Award and the Environmental Media Association’s
Lifetime Achievement Award for his environmental work.” He has an MA from the University of California, Santa Barbara and
a BA from the University of Denver. Mr. Nathanson is well-qualified to serve on our Board of Directors due to his extensive
industry and investment experience. 61 Kent
R. Sander — Director Kent
R. Sander, one of our directors, is the Executive Chairman of the Board of OnePhone Holding AB, a wireless services and technology
holding company, which he co-founded in 2007. Prior to that Mr. Sander was a senior Partner at Brainheart Capital, a
VC fund specializing in wireless investments. Mr. Sander has more than 30 years experience in executive positions in international
telecom and high-tech IT companies. He served as the Chief Executive Officer for TruePosition, a provider of wireless location
solutions, between 1997 and 2004 and Executive Vice President and General Manager for Ericsson (NASDAQ: ERIC), a Swedish multinational
networking and telecommunications company, between 1990 and 1997. Over the last five years, Mr. Sander has been Chairman
of the Board of the following public companies: Tobii Technology (STO:TOBII), an eye-tracking technology firm, MRG (STO:
MRG) an I-gaming company, Serneke Group AB (STO:SRNKE-B), a Swedish construction and real-estate company, and as a director
for Edgeware Technologies, a private cloud software solutions provider and I.A.R Systems, a private Swedish computer software
company. He has also served on the advisory board for Samsung Electronics. Mr. Sander has an MBA from the University of Stockholm.
He is well-qualified to serve on our Board of Directors due to his extensive industry and investment experience. Tom
Wasserman — Director Tom Wasserman, one of our directors, is a
Managing Director at HPS Investment Partners, LLC where he heads the TMT growth equity group. Mr. Wasserman has worked
within TMT (including prior to his transition to HPS) since 1999. Mr. Wasserman’s current board roles include
serving as a director of BT One Phone Limited, OnePhone Holding AB, Revolt Media and TV Holdings, LLC, Ember Technologies,
Inc., and CAST Holdings LLC. Mr. Wasserman recently served as Chairman of Hibernia
Networks (sold to GTT Communications). Mr. Wasserman began his career at Donaldson, Lufkin and Jenrette in the
investment banking division. He has a BA in Business Administration from the University of Michigan where he graduated with
distinction. Mr. Wasserman is well-qualified to serve on our Board of Directors due to his extensive industry and
investment experience. Abbas
F. (“Eddy”) Zuaiter — Director Abbas
Zuaiter, one of our directors, is Co-Founder and Managing Member of Zuaiter Capital Holdings, LLC (“ZCH”), a
Greenwich, CT-based private family investment office established in 2013. Mr. Zuaiter serves as a Member of the
Board of Directors of the Arab Bank plc and The Capital Holdings Funds plc; and as a Member of the Board of Advisors of iMENA
Group which operates online and mobile businesses for consumers and enterprises in the Middle East and North Africa. Until May 2018, he served as Chairman of the Board of Adecoagro, SA. Prior to forming ZCH, Mr. Zuaiter served in various senior capacities, at Soros
Fund Management, LLC (“SFM”). At SFM Eddy was a member of the Executive, Investment, Management, Capital
Allocation and Risk committees, as well as the Chief Operating Officer of the firm. Prior to joining SFM, Abbas was a Partner
in the Financial Services Practice of PricewaterhouseCoopers, LLP, principally responsible for the asset management and
financial institution industry. He also serves on for-profit and non-profit boards, including Convent of the
Sacred Heart-Greenwich, The Institute for Middle East Understanding (IMEU), The Welfare Association and The
Middle East Institute International Advisory Council. He has a BSBA in Finance and Accounting from Georgetown University
where he currently serves on the Board of Advisors for the McDonough School of Business and on the University’s Board
of Regents. He is well-qualified to serve on our Board of Directors due to his fund management, public company board and
investment experience. 62 Number
and Terms of Office of Officers and Directors We
have 7 directors. Our board of directors is divided into three classes with only one class of directors being elected in each
year and each class (except for those directors appointed prior to our first annual meeting of stockholders) serving a three-year
term. In accordance with NYSE corporate governance requirements, we are not required to hold an annual meeting until one full
year after our first fiscal year end following our listing on the NYSE. The term of office of the first class of directors, consisting
of Messrs. Zuaiter, and Nathanson, will expire at our first annual meeting of stockholders. The term of office of the second class
of directors, consisting of Ms. Linden, Mr. Sander, and Mr. Wasserman, will expire at the second annual meeting of stockholders.
The term of office of the third class of directors, consisting of Messrs. Hindery and Gilchrist, will expire at the third annual
meeting of stockholders. Our
officers are appointed by the board of directors and serve at the discretion of the board of directors, rather than for specific
terms of office. Our board of directors is authorized to appoint persons to the offices set forth in our bylaws as it deems appropriate.
Our bylaws provide that our officers may consist of a Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer,
President, Vice Presidents, Secretary, Treasurer, Assistant Secretaries and such other offices as may be determined by the board
of directors. Director
Independence NYSE
listing standards require that a majority of our board of directors be independent. An “independent director” is defined
generally as a person other than an officer or employee of the company or its subsidiaries or any other individual having a relationship
which in the opinion of the company’s board of directors, would interfere with the director’s exercise of independent
judgment in carrying out the responsibilities of a director. Our board of directors has determined that Ms. Linden and Messrs.
Nathanson, Sander and Zuaiter are “independent directors” as defined in the NYSE listing standards and applicable
SEC rules. Our independent directors will have regularly scheduled meetings at which only independent directors are present. Executive
Officer and Director Compensation We
pay an affiliate of our sponsor a total of $35,000 per month for office space, utilities and secretarial and administrative support.
Upon completion of our initial business combination or our liquidation, we will cease paying these monthly fees. Other than to
HPS or the HPS Funds, in connection with potentially providing financing or other investments in connection with our initial business
combination, in no event will our sponsor or any of our existing officers or directors, or any entity with which our sponsor or
officers are affiliated, be paid any finder’s fee, reimbursement, consulting fee, monies in respect of any payment of a
loan or other compensation by the company prior to, or in connection with any services rendered for any services they render in
order to effectuate, the completion of our initial business combination (regardless of the type of transaction that it is) except
for fees to two of our executive officers. In October 2018, we agreed to pay our President a fee of $12,500 per
month. From the time of our Initial Public Offering through January 31, 2020, one-half of the monthly fee accrued and was payable
monthly and one-half of accrued and will become payable on the consummation of our initial business combination. From February
1, 2020, the entire monthly fee will accrue and become payable on the consummation of our initial business combination. Additionally,
in November 2018, we agreed to pay our Chief Financial Officer a fee of approximately $16,667 per month. In March 2019, such amount
increased to $25,000 per month, which will be payable until the earlier of the consummation of our initial business combination
or our liquidation. However, these individuals will be reimbursed for any out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with activities
on our behalf such as identifying potential target businesses and performing due diligence on suitable business combinations.
We do not have a policy that prohibits our sponsor, executive officers or directors, or any of their respective affiliates, from
negotiating for the reimbursement of out-of-pocket expenses by a target business. Our audit committee reviews on a quarterly basis
all payments that were made to our sponsor, officers or directors, or our or their affiliates. Any such payments prior to an initial
business combination will be made using funds held outside the trust account. Other than quarterly audit committee review of such
payments, we do not expect to have any additional controls in place governing our reimbursement payments to our directors and
executive officers for their out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with identifying and consummating an initial business
combination. 63 After
the completion of our initial business combination, directors or members of our management team who remain with us may be paid
consulting or management fees from the combined company. All of these fees will be fully disclosed to stockholders, to the extent
then known, in the tender offer materials or proxy solicitation materials furnished to our stockholders in connection with a proposed
initial business combination. We have not established any limit on the amount of such fees that may be paid by the combined company
to our directors or members of management. It is unlikely the amount of such compensation will be known at the time of the proposed
initial business combination, because the directors of the post-combination business will be responsible for determining officer
and director compensation. Any compensation to be paid to our officers will be determined, or recommended to the board of directors
for determination, either by a compensation committee constituted solely by independent directors or by a majority of the independent
directors on our board of directors. We
do not intend to take any action to ensure that members of our management team maintain their positions with us after the consummation
of our initial business combination, although it is possible that some or all of our officers and directors may negotiate employment
or consulting arrangements to remain with us after our initial business combination. The existence or terms of any such employment
or consulting arrangements to retain their positions with us may influence our management’s motivation in identifying or
selecting a target business but we do not believe that the ability of our management to remain with us after the consummation
of our initial business combination will be a determining factor in our decision to proceed with any potential business combination.
We are not party to any agreements with our officers and directors that provide for benefits upon termination of employment. Committees
of the Board of Directors Our
board of directors has three standing committees: an audit committee, a compensation committee and a nominating and corporate
governance committee. Subject to phase-in rules and a limited exception, NYSE rules and Rule 10A-3 of the Exchange Act require
that the audit committee of a listed company be comprised solely of independent directors, and NYSE rules require that the compensation
committee and nominating and corporate governance committee of a listed company each be comprised solely of independent directors.
Each committee operates under a charter that was approved by our board and has the composition and responsibilities described
below. The charter of each committee is available on our website. Audit
Committee Ms.
Linden and Messrs. Sander and Zuaiter serve as members of our audit committee, and Mr. Sander chairs the audit committee. Under
the NYSE listing standards and applicable SEC rules, we are required to have at least three members of the audit committee, all
of whom must be independent. Each of Ms. Linden and Messrs. Sander and Zuaiter meet the independent director standard under NYSE
listing standards and under Rule 10-A-3(b)(1) of the Exchange Act. Each
member of the audit committee is financially literate and our board of directors has determined that Mr. Zuaiter qualifies as
an “audit committee financial expert” as defined in applicable SEC rules. We
adopted an audit committee charter, which details the principal functions of the audit committee, including: ● | the appointment, compensation, retention, replacement, and oversight of the work of the independent registered public accounting firm engaged by us; ● | pre-approving all audit and permitted non-audit services to be provided by the independent registered public accounting firm engaged by us, and establishing pre-approval policies and procedures; ● | setting clear hiring policies for employees or former employees of the independent registered public accounting firm, including but not limited to, as required by applicable laws and regulations; ● | setting clear policies for audit partner rotation in compliance with applicable laws and regulations; 64 ● | obtaining and reviewing a report, at least annually, from the independent registered public accounting firm describing (i) the independent registered public accounting firm’s internal quality-control procedures, (ii) any material issues raised by the most recent internal quality-control review, or peer review, of the audit firm, or by any inquiry or investigation by governmental or professional authorities within the preceding five years respecting one or more independent audits carried out by the firm and any steps taken to deal with such issues and (iii) all relationships between the independent registered public accounting firm and us to assess the independent registered public accounting firm’s independence; ● | reviewing and approving any related party transaction required to be disclosed pursuant to Item 404 of Regulation S-K promulgated by the SEC prior to us entering into such transaction; and ● | reviewing with management, the independent registered public accounting firm, and our legal advisors, as appropriate, any legal, regulatory or compliance matters, including any correspondence with regulators or government agencies and any employee complaints or published reports that raise material issues regarding our financial statements or accounting policies and any significant changes in accounting standards or rules promulgated by the Financial Accounting Standards Board, the SEC or other regulatory authorities. Compensation
Committee Ms.
Linden and Messrs. Nathanson and Zuaiter serve as members of our compensation committee. Under the NYSE listing standards and
applicable SEC rules, we are required to have at least two members of the compensation committee, all of whom must be independent.
Ms. Linden and Messrs. Nathanson and Zuaiter are independent and Ms. Linden chairs the compensation committee. We
have adopted a compensation committee charter, which details the purpose and responsibility of the compensation committee, including: ● | reviewing and approving on an annual basis the corporate goals and objectives relevant to our Chief Executive Officer’s compensation, if any is paid by us, evaluating our Chief Executive Officer’s performance in light of such goals and objectives and determining and approving the remuneration (if any) of our Chief Executive Officer based on such evaluation; ● | reviewing and approving on an annual basis the compensation, if any is paid by us, of all of our other officers; ● | reviewing on an annual basis our executive compensation policies and plans; ● | implementing and administering our incentive compensation equity-based remuneration plans; ● | assisting management in complying with our proxy statement and annual report disclosure requirements; ● | approving all special perquisites, special cash payments and other special compensation and benefit arrangements for our officers and employees; ● | if required, producing a report on executive compensation to be included in our annual proxy statement; and ● | reviewing, evaluating and recommending changes, if appropriate, to the remuneration for directors. 65 Notwithstanding
the foregoing, as indicated above, other than certain payments described below, no compensation of any kind, including finders,
consulting or other similar fees, will be paid to any of our existing stockholders, officers, directors or any of their respective
affiliates, prior to, or for any services they render in order to effectuate the consummation of an initial business combination.
In October 2018, we agreed to pay our President a fee of $12,500 per month. From the time of our Initial Public
Offering through January 31, 2020, one-half of the monthly fee accrued and was payable monthly and one-half of accrued and will
become payable on the consummation of our initial business combination. From February 1, 2020, the entire monthly fee will accrue
and become payable on the consummation of our initial business combination. Additionally, in November 2018, we agreed to pay our
Chief Financial Officer a fee of approximately $16,667 per month. In March 2019, such amount increased to $25,000 per month, which
will be payable until the earlier of the consummation of our initial business combination or our liquidation. Further, we pay
an affiliate of our sponsor of $35,000 per month, for up to 24 months from the closing of the Initial Public Offering, for office
space, utilities and secretarial and administrative support and reimbursement of expenses. Finally, we may make certain payments
to HPS or the HPS Funds in connection with potentially providing financing or other investments in connection with our initial
business combination. Accordingly, it is likely that prior to the consummation of an initial business combination, the compensation
committee will only be responsible for the review and recommendation of any compensation arrangements to be entered into in connection
with such initial business combination. The
charter also provides that the compensation committee may, in its sole discretion, retain or obtain the advice of a compensation
consultant, legal counsel or other adviser and will be directly responsible for the appointment, compensation and oversight of
the work of any such adviser. However, before engaging or receiving advice from a compensation consultant, external legal counsel
or any other adviser, the compensation committee will consider the independence of each such adviser, including the factors required
by the NYSE and the SEC. Nominating
and Corporate Governance Committee The
members of our nominating and corporate governance are Ms. Linden and Mr. Sander. Mr. Sander serves as chair of the nominating
and corporate governance committee. The
primary purposes of our nominating and corporate governance committee will be to assist the board in: ● | identifying, screening and reviewing individuals qualified to serve as directors and recommending to the board of directors candidates for nomination for election at the annual meeting of stockholders or to fill vacancies on the board of directors; ● | developing and recommending to the board of directors and overseeing implementation of our corporate governance guidelines; ● | coordinating and overseeing the annual self-evaluation of the board of directors, its committees, individual directors and management in the governance of the company; and ● | reviewing on a regular basis our overall corporate governance and recommending improvements as and when necessary. The
nominating and corporate governance committee is governed by a charter that complies with the rules of the NYSE. Director
Nominations Our
nominating and corporate governance committee will recommend to the board of directors candidates for nomination for election
at the annual meeting of the stockholders. We have not formally established any specific, minimum qualifications that must be
met or skills that are necessary for directors to possess. In general, in identifying and evaluating nominees for director, the
board of directors considers educational background, diversity of professional experience, knowledge of our business, integrity,
professional reputation, independence, wisdom, and the ability to represent the best interests of our stockholders. 66 Compensation
Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation None
of our officers currently serves, and in the past year has served, as a member of the compensation committee of any entity that
has one or more officers serving on our board of directors. Code
of Ethics We
have adopted a Code of Ethics applicable to our directors, officers and employees. You
are able to review these documents by accessing our public filings at the SEC’s website at www.sec.gov. In addition, a copy
of the Code of Ethics will be provided without charge upon request from us. We intend to disclose any amendments to or waivers
of certain provisions of our Code of Ethics in a Current Report on Form 8-K. Corporate
Governance Guidelines Our
board of directors adopted corporate governance guidelines in accordance with the corporate governance rules of the NYSE that
serve as a flexible framework within which our board of directors and its committees operate. These guidelines cover a number
of areas including board membership criteria and director qualifications, director responsibilities, board agenda, roles of the
chairman of the board, chief executive officer and presiding director, meetings of independent directors, committee responsibilities
and assignments, board member access to management and independent advisors, director communications with third parties, director
compensation, director orientation and continuing education, evaluation of senior management and management succession planning.
A copy of our corporate governance guidelines is posted on our website. Conflicts
of Interest InterMedia,
HPS or their affiliates may compete with us for business combination opportunities. If these entities decide to pursue any such
opportunity, we may be precluded from procuring such opportunities. In addition, investment ideas generated within InterMedia
or HPS may be suitable for both us and for another entity and may be directed to such entity rather than to us. Neither InterMedia
nor HPS nor members of our management team who are also employed by InterMedia or HPS have any obligation to present us with any
opportunity for a potential business combination of which they become aware, unless presented to such member solely in his or
her capacity as an officer of the company. InterMedia, HPS and/or our management, in their capacities as employees of InterMedia
or HPS or in their other endeavors, currently are required to present certain investment opportunities and potential business
combinations to the various related entities described above, or third parties, before they present such opportunities to us.
InterMedia, HPS and our management may have similar obligations to additional entities or third parties. InterMedia,
HPS and each of our officers and directors presently has, and any of them in the future may have additional, fiduciary or contractual
obligations to other entities pursuant to which Intermedia, HPS or such officer or director (as the case may be) is or will be
required to present a business combination opportunity. Accordingly, if any of such persons or Intermedia or HPS becomes aware
of a business combination opportunity which is suitable for an entity to which such person or Intermedia or HPS has then-current
fiduciary or contractual obligations to present the opportunity to such entity, such person or Intermedia or HPS will honor his,
her or its fiduciary or contractual obligations to present such opportunity to such entity. We believe, however, that the fiduciary
duties or contractual obligations of InterMedia, and our officers or directors will not materially affect our ability to complete
our initial business combination, as we believe any such opportunities presented would in many cases be smaller than what we are
interested in, in different fields than what we would be interested in, or to entities that are not themselves in the business
of engaging in business combinations. Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that we renounce our interest
in any corporate opportunity offered to any director or officer unless such opportunity is expressly offered to such person solely
in his or her capacity as a director or officer of our company and such opportunity is one we are legally and contractually permitted
to undertake and would otherwise be reasonable for us to pursue, and to the extent the director or officer is permitted to refer
that opportunity to us without violating another fiduciary, contractual or other legal obligation. 67 HPS
and its affiliates manage the HPS Funds. HPS Funds may compete with us for acquisition opportunities. If these HPS Funds decide
to pursue any such opportunity or have existing investments in the issuer of such opportunity, we may be precluded from pursuing
such opportunities. In addition, investment ideas generated within HPS, including by any director affiliated with HPS, may be
suitable for both us and for a current or future HPS Fund and may be directed to such HPS Fund rather than to us. Neither HPS
nor any members of our management team who are also employed by HPS have any obligation to present us with any opportunity for
a potential business combination of which they become aware. HPS and/or members of our management team, in their capacities as
officers, directors or employees of HPS or in their other endeavors, may choose to present potential business combinations to
the related entities described above, current or future HPS Funds, or third parties, before they present such opportunities to
us. In
addition, we may be limited in our ability to make investments and to sell existing investments because HPS may have material,
non-public information regarding the issuers of the applicable securities or as a result of an existing investment by HPS. We
may acquire a target in which one or more HPS Funds have an existing investment (or makes an investment at the same time or subsequently)
at a different or overlapping level of the target’s capital structure, creating a potential conflict between our position
and the applicable HPS Funds’ position especially in the event of a bankruptcy. HPS, HPS employees and HPS Funds may also
have or make investments in, establish or serve on the boards of, businesses that compete with the businesses we invest or seek
to invest in. HPS may sponsor other blank check companies similar to ours during the period in which we are seeking an initial
business combination and any officer or employee of HPS may serve as an officer or director of any such vehicle. Any such companies
may present additional conflicts of interest in pursuing an acquisition target. Our
officers and directors (other than our independent directors and any director affiliated with HPS) have agreed not to participate
in the formation of, or become an officer or director of any other special purpose acquisition company with a class of securities
registered under the Exchange Act, until we have entered into a definitive agreement regarding our initial business combination
or we have failed to complete our initial business combination within 24 months after the closing of the Initial Public Offering.
Potential investors should also be aware of the following other potential conflicts of interest: ● | None of our officers or directors is required to commit his or her full time to our affairs and, accordingly, may have conflicts of interest in allocating his or her time among various business activities. ● | In the course of their other business activities, our officers and directors may become aware of investment and business opportunities which may be appropriate for presentation to us as well as the other entities with which they are affiliated. Our management may have conflicts of interest in determining to which entity a particular business opportunity should be presented. ● | Our initial stockholders have agreed to waive their redemption rights with respect to any founder shares and any public shares held by them in connection with the consummation of our initial business combination. Additionally, our initial stockholders have agreed to waive their redemption rights with respect to any founder shares held by them if we fail to consummate our initial business combination within 24 months after the closing of the Initial Public Offering. If we do not complete our initial business combination within such applicable time period, the proceeds of the sale of the Private Placement Warrants held in the trust account will be used to fund the redemption of our public shares, and the Private Placement Warrants will expire worthless. With certain limited exceptions, the founder shares will not be transferable, assignable by our sponsor until the earlier of: (A) one year after the completion of our initial business combination or (B) subsequent to our initial business combination, (x) if the last sale price of our Class A common stock equals or exceeds $12.00 per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing at least 150 days after our initial business combination, or (y) the date on which we complete a liquidation, merger, capital stock exchange, reorganization or other similar transaction that results in all of our stockholders having the right to exchange their shares of common stock for cash, securities or other property. With certain limited exceptions, the Private Placement Warrants and the Class A common stock underlying such warrants, will not be transferable, assignable or saleable by our sponsor or its permitted transferees until 30 days after the completion of our initial business combination. Since our sponsor and officers and directors may directly or indirectly own common stock and warrants following the Initial Public Offering, our officers and directors may have a conflict of interest in determining whether a particular target business is an appropriate business with which to effectuate our initial business combination. 68 ● | Our officers and directors may have a conflict of interest with respect to evaluating a particular business combination if the retention or resignation of any such officers and directors were to be included by a target business as a condition to any agreement with respect to our initial business combination. ● | Our sponsor, officers or directors may have a conflict of interest with respect to evaluating a business combination and financing arrangements as we may obtain loans from our sponsor or an affiliate of our sponsor or any of our officers or directors to finance transaction costs in connection with an intended initial business combination. On February 24, 2020, we issued a Note in the principal amount of up to $1,500,000 to our Sponsor. The Note bears no interest and is repayable in full upon consummation of our initial business combination. The Sponsor has the option to convert any unpaid balance of the Note into Working Capital Warrants equal to the principal amount of the Note so converted divided by $1.00. The terms of any such Working Capital Warrants will be identical to the terms of the Private Placement Warrants. The
conflicts described above may not be resolved in our favor. In
general, officers and directors of a corporation incorporated under the laws of the State of Delaware are required to present
business opportunities to a corporation if: ● | the corporation could financially undertake the opportunity; ● | the opportunity is within the corporation’s line of business; and ● | it would not be fair to our company and its stockholders for the opportunity not to be brought to the attention of the corporation. Accordingly,
as a result of multiple business affiliations, our officers and directors may have similar legal obligations relating to presenting
business opportunities meeting the above-listed criteria to multiple entities. Furthermore, our amended and restated certificate
of incorporation provides that we renounce our interest in any corporate opportunity offered to any director or officer unless
such opportunity is expressly offered to such person solely in his or her capacity as a director or officer of our company and
such opportunity is one we are legally and contractually permitted to undertake and would otherwise be reasonable for us to pursue,
and to the extent the director or officer is permitted to refer that opportunity to us without violating another legal obligation. Below
is a table summarizing the entities to which our executive officers and directors currently have fiduciary duties or contractual
obligations: Name of Individual | Entity Name | Entity’s Business | Affiliation
Leo Hindery, Jr. (2) | InterMedia Advisors, LLC HL Capital Hemisphere Media Group, Inc. Fitness Anywhere, LLC | Investments Investments Media Consumer | Principal Principal Director Director
M. Ian G. Gilchrist (2) | Liberty Media Corporation Qurate Retail Group | Media Media/ Retail | Director Director
Mark J. Coleman (2) | Intermedia Advisors, LLC JPK Capital | Investments Investments | Principal & General Counsel General Counsel
Josephine Linden (2) | Linden Global Strategies Land’s End | Investments Retail | Principal Director
Marc Nathanson (2) | Mapleton Investments Mapleton Properties, LLC | Investments Real Estate | Chairman Chairman 69 Name of Individual | Entity Name | Entity’s Business | Affiliation
Tom Wasserman (1)(2) | BT OnePhone Limited OnePhone Holding AB Revolt Media and TV Holdings, LLC Ember Technologies, Inc. HPS Investment Partners, LLC (1) CAST Holdings LLC | Telecom Telecom Media Technology Investments Healthcare | Director Director Director Director Principal Director
Abbas F. Zuaiter (2) | Zuaiter Capital Holdings, LLC Arab Bank plc The Capital Holdings Fund plc Ossia Inc. iMENA Group Jibrel Networks Novus Alcazar Capital Invstr EuroMena | Investments Banking Investments Technology Investments Investments Investments Investments Investments Investments | Managing Member Director Director Director Director Advisor Advisor Advisor Advisor Advisor
Kent R. Sander | OnePhone Holding AB Tobii Technology MRG Serneke Group AB Edgeware Technologies I.A.R. Systems | Telecom Eye-tracking I-gaming Construction Software Software | Director Director Director Director Director Director (1) | Includes funds and accounts advised by HPS and affiliates. (2) | If any of the above executive officers or directors becomes aware of a business combination opportunity which is suitable for any of the above entities to which he or she has current fiduciary or contractual obligations, he or she will honor his or her fiduciary or contractual obligations to present such business combination opportunity to such entity, and only present it to us if such entity rejects the opportunity. 70 We
are not prohibited from pursuing an initial business combination with a company that is affiliated with InterMedia, HPS or our
sponsor, officers or directors, or their respective affiliates. In the event we seek to complete our initial business combination
with a company that is affiliated with InterMedia, HPS or our sponsor, officers or directors, or their respective affiliates,
we, or a committee of independent directors, will obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm or another independent
entity that commonly renders valuation opinions that our initial business combination is fair to our company from a financial
point of view. In
the event that we submit our initial business combination to our public stockholders for a vote, pursuant to the letter agreement,
our sponsor, officers and directors have agreed to vote any founder shares held by them and any public shares purchased during
or after the Initial Public Offering (including in open market and privately negotiated transactions) in favor of our initial
business combination. Limitation
on Liability and Indemnification of Officers and Directors Our
amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that our officers and directors will be indemnified by us to the fullest
extent authorized by Delaware law, as it now exists or may in the future be amended. In addition, our amended and restated certificate
of incorporation provides that our directors will not be personally liable for monetary damages to us or stockholders for breaches
of their fiduciary duty as directors, unless they violated their duty of loyalty to us or our stockholders, acted in bad faith,
knowingly or intentionally violated the law, authorized unlawful payments of dividends, unlawful stock purchases or unlawful redemptions,
or derived an improper personal benefit from their actions as directors. We
entered into agreements with our officers and directors to provide contractual indemnification in addition to the indemnification
provided for in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation. Our bylaws also permit us to secure insurance on behalf
of any officer, director or employee for any liability arising out of his or her actions, regardless of whether Delaware law would
permit such indemnification. We purchased a policy of directors’ and officers’ liability insurance that insures our
officers and directors against the cost of defense, settlement or payment of a judgment in some circumstances and insures us against
our obligations to indemnify our officers and directors. Except with respect to any public shares they may have acquired in the
Initial Public Offering or thereafter (in the event we do not consummate an initial business combination), our officers and directors
have agreed to waive (and any other persons who may become an officer or director prior to the initial business combination will
also be required to waive) any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies in the trust account, and not to
seek recourse against the trust account for any reason whatsoever, including with respect to such indemnification. These
provisions may discourage stockholders from bringing a lawsuit against our directors for breach of their fiduciary duty. These
provisions also may have the effect of reducing the likelihood of derivative litigation against directors and officers, even though
such an action, if successful, might otherwise benefit us and our stockholders. Furthermore, a stockholder’s investment
may be adversely affected to the extent we pay the costs of settlement and damage awards against officers and directors pursuant
to these indemnification provisions. We
believe that these provisions, the insurance and the indemnity agreements are necessary to attract and retain talented and experienced
officers and directors. 71 Item 11. | Executive Compensation. We
pay an affiliate of our sponsor a total of $35,000 per month for office space, utilities and secretarial and administrative support.
Upon completion of our initial business combination or our liquidation, we will cease paying these monthly fees. Other than to
HPS or the HPS Funds, in connection with potentially providing financing or other investments in connection with our initial business
combination, in no event will our sponsor or any of our existing officers or directors, or any entity with which our sponsor or
officers are affiliated, be paid any finder’s fee, reimbursement, consulting fee, monies in respect of any payment of a
loan or other compensation by the company prior to, or in connection with any services rendered for any services they render in
order to effectuate, the completion of our initial business combination (regardless of the type of transaction that it is) except
for fees to two of our executive officers. In October 2018, we agreed to pay our President a fee of $12,500 per
month. From the time of our Initial Public Offering through January 31, 2020, one-half of the monthly fee accrued and was payable
monthly and one-half of accrued and will become payable on the consummation of our initial business combination. From February
1, 2020, the entire monthly fee will accrue and become payable on the consummation of our initial business combination. Additionally,
in November 2018, we agreed to pay our Chief Financial Officer a fee of approximately $16,667 per month. In March 2019, such amount
increased to $25,000 per month, which will be payable until the earlier of the consummation of our initial business combination
or our liquidation. However, these individuals will be reimbursed for any out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with activities
on our behalf such as identifying potential target businesses and performing due diligence on suitable business combinations.
We do not have a policy that prohibits our sponsor, executive officers or directors, or any of their respective affiliates, from
negotiating for the reimbursement of out-of-pocket expenses by a target business. Our audit committee reviews on a quarterly basis
all payments that were made to our sponsor, officers or directors, or our or their affiliates. Any such payments prior to an initial
business combination will be made using funds held outside the trust account. Other than quarterly audit committee review of such
payments, we do not expect to have any additional controls in place governing our reimbursement payments to our directors and
executive officers for their out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with identifying and consummating an initial business
combination. After
the completion of our initial business combination, directors or members of our management team who remain with us may be paid
consulting or management fees from the combined company. All of these fees will be fully disclosed to stockholders, to the extent
then known, in the tender offer materials or proxy solicitation materials furnished to our stockholders in connection with a proposed
initial business combination. We have not established any limit on the amount of such fees that may be paid by the combined company
to our directors or members of management. It is unlikely the amount of such compensation will be known at the time of the proposed
initial business combination, because the directors of the post-combination business will be responsible for determining officer
and director compensation. Any compensation to be paid to our officers will be determined, or recommended to the board of directors
for determination, either by a compensation committee constituted solely by independent directors or by a majority of the independent
directors on our board of directors. We
do not intend to take any action to ensure that members of our management team maintain their positions with us after the consummation
of our initial business combination, although it is possible that some or all of our officers and directors may negotiate employment
or consulting arrangements to remain with us after our initial business combination. The existence or terms of any such employment
or consulting arrangements to retain their positions with us may influence our management’s motivation in identifying or
selecting a target business but we do not believe that the ability of our management to remain with us after the consummation
of our initial business combination will be a determining factor in our decision to proceed with any potential business combination.
We are not party to any agreements with our officers and directors that provide for benefits upon termination of employment. Item 12. | Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. We
have no compensation plans under which equity securities are authorized for issuance. The
following table sets forth information regarding the beneficial ownership of our common stock as of the date of this annual report,
by: ● | each person known by us to be the beneficial owner of more than 5% of our outstanding shares of common stock; ● | each of our executive officers and directors; and ● | all our executive officers, directors and director nominees as a group. 72 Unless
otherwise indicated, we believe that all persons named in the table have sole voting and investment power with respect to all
shares of common stock beneficially owned by them. The following table does not reflect record or beneficial ownership of the
Private Placement Warrants as these warrants are not exercisable within 60 days of the date of this annual report. Name and Address of Beneficial Owner (1) | Number of Shares Beneficially Owned (2) | Percentage of Outstanding Common Stock
Trine Sponsor IH, LLC (3) | 7,403,750 | 19.7 | %
Robin Trine Holdings, LLC (3) | 7,403,750 | 19.7 | %
HPS Investment Partners, LLC (3) | 7,403,750 | 19.7 | %
Leo Hindery, Jr. (3) | 7,403,750 | 19.7 | %
Omni Partners LLP (4) | 2,452,849 | 8.17 | %
Polar Asset Management Partners Inc. (5) | 2,400,000 | 8.0 | %
Periscope Capital Inc. (6) | 1,637,500 | 5.5 | %
RP Investment Advisors LP (7) | 1,515,000 | 5.0 | %
Millennium Management LLC (8) | 1,500,365 | 5.0 | %
M. Ian G. Gilchrist | — | —
Mark J. Coleman (3) | — | —
Pierre M. Henry | — | —
Josephine Linden | 25,000 | *
Marc Nathanson | 25,000 | *
Kent R. Sander | 25,000 | *
Tom Wasserman | — | —
Abbas F. Zuaiter | 25,000 | *
All officers and directors as a group (nine individuals) | 7,503,750 | 20 | % *
less than 1% (1) | Unless otherwise noted, the business address of each of the following entities or individuals is c/o Trine Acquisition Corp., 405 Lexington Avenue, 48 th Floor, New York, NY 10174. (2) | Interests shown consist solely of founder shares, classified as shares of Class B common stock. Such shares are convertible into shares of Class A common stock on a one-for-one basis, subject to adjustment, as described in our registration statement. (3) | Trine Sponsor IH, LLC, our sponsor, is the record holder of such shares. Robin Trine Holdings, LLC (“RTH”) and HPS Investment Partners, LLC (“HPS”) are the members of our sponsor, and as such each of HPS and RTH has appointed a member to the board of our sponsor, which board has voting and investment discretion with respect to the common stock held of record by our sponsor. Leo Hindery, Jr., our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, is the managing member of RTH. Based on the foregoing, Mr. Hindery, RTH and HPS may be deemed to have shared beneficial ownership of the common stock held directly by our sponsor. Each such entity or person disclaims any beneficial ownership of the reported shares other than to the extent of any pecuniary interest they may have therein, directly or indirectly. The business address of Mr. Hindery and RTH is 405 Lexington Avenue, 48 th Floor, New York, New York 10174. The business address of HPS is 40 West 57 th Street, 33 rd Floor, New York, NY 10019. (4) | According to Schedule 13G/A, filed on February 24, 2020 by Omni Partners LLP, address of such party is 4 th Floor, 15 Golden Square, London W1F 9JG, UK. (5) | According to Schedule 13G, filed on February 13, 2020 by Polar Asset Management Partners Inc., the business address of such party is 401 Bay Street, Suite 1900, PO Box 19, Toronto, Ontario M5H 2Y4, Canada. Polar Asset Management Partners Inc., a company incorporated under the laws of Ontario, Canada, serves as the investment advisor to Polar Multi-Strategy Master Fund, a Cayman Islands exempted company (“PMSMF”) and certain managed accounts (together with PMSMF, the “Polar Vehicles”), with respect to the shares of Class A common stock directly held by the Polar Vehicles. 73 (6) | According to Schedule 13G, filed on February 14, 2020 by Periscope Capital Inc., the business address of such party is 333 Bay Street, Suite 1240, Toronto, Ontario, Canada M5H 2R2. Periscope Capital, which is the beneficial owner of 1,249,300 shares of Class A common stock, acts as investment manager of, and exercises investment discretion with respect to certain private investment funds that collectively directly own 388,200 shares of Class A common stock. (7) | According to Schedule 13G, filed on February 14, 2020 by RP Investment Advisors LP, RP Debt Opportunities Fund LTD. And RP Select Opportunities Master Fund Ltd., the business address of such parties is 39 Hazelton Avenue, Toronto, Ontario, Canada, M5R 2E3. RP Debt Opportunities Fund Ltd. and RP Select Opportunities Master Fund Ltd. are the record and direct beneficial owners of the securities referenced. RP Investment Advisors LP is the investment advisor of, and may be deemed to beneficially own securities owned by, RP Debt Opportunities Fund Ltd. and RP Select Opportunities Master Fund Ltd (8) | According to Schedule 13G/A, filed on January 6, 2020 by Integrated Core Strategies (US) LLC, Riverview Group LLC, Millennium Management LLC, Millennium Group Management LLC and Israel A. Englander (collectively, the “Millennium Parties”), the business address of such parties is 666 Fifth Avenue, New York, New York 10103. The Millennium Parties hold 250,000 of the Units and 1,250,365 shares of Class A common stock. Such securities are held through (i) Integrated Core Strategies (US) LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (“Integrated Core Strategies”), which beneficially owned 250,000 of the Units and 500,000 shares of the Class A Common Stock; and (ii) Riverview Group LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (“Riverview Group”), which beneficially owned 750,365 shares of the Class A Common Stock. Millennium Management LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (“Millennium Management”), is the general partner of the managing member of Integrated Core Strategies and Riverview Group and may be deemed to have shared voting control and investment discretion over securities owned by Integrated Core Strategies and Riverview Group. Millennium Group Management LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (“Millennium Group Management”), is the managing member of Millennium Management and may also be deemed to have shared voting control and investment discretion over securities owned by Integrated Core Strategies and Riverview Group. The managing member of Millennium Group Management is a trust of which Israel A. Englander, a United States citizen (“Mr. Englander”), currently serves as the sole voting trustee. Therefore, Mr. Englander may also be deemed to have shared voting control and investment discretion over securities owned by Integrated Core Strategies and Riverview Group. Our
initial stockholders beneficially own 20% of the issued and outstanding shares of our common stock. Because of this ownership
block, our initial stockholders may be able to effectively influence the outcome of all matters requiring approval by our stockholders,
including the election of directors, amendments to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and approval of significant
corporate transactions, including approval of our initial business combination. The
holders of the founder shares have agreed (A) to vote any shares owned by them in favor of any proposed initial business combination
and (B) not to redeem any shares in connection with a stockholder vote to approve a proposed initial business combination. Our
sponsor and our executive officers and directors are deemed to be our “promoters” as such term is defined under the
federal securities laws. See “Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence”
below for additional information regarding our relationships with our promoters. 74 Restrictions
on Transfers of Founder Shares and Private Placement Warrants The
founder shares, Private Placement Warrants and any shares of Class A common stock issued upon conversion or exercise thereof are
each subject to transfer restrictions pursuant to lock-up provisions in the letter agreement with us entered into by our sponsor,
officers and directors. Those lock-up provisions provide that such securities are not transferable or salable (1) in the case
of the founder shares, until the earlier of (A) one year after the completion of our initial business combination or (B) subsequent
to our initial business combination, (x) if the last sale price of the Class A common stock equals or exceeds $12.00 per share
(as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within
any 30-trading day period commencing at least 150 days after our initial business combination, or (y) the date on which we complete
a liquidation, merger, capital stock exchange, reorganization or other similar transaction that results in all of our stockholders
having the right to exchange their shares of common stock for cash, securities or other property, and (2) in the case of the Private
Placement Warrants and the Class A common stock underlying such warrants, until 30 days after the completion of our initial business
combination, except in each case (a) to our officers or directors, any affiliates or family members of any of our officers or
directors, any members of our sponsor, or any affiliates of our sponsor (as well as affiliates of such members and funds and accounts
advised by such members), (b) in the case of an individual, by gift to a member of one of the members of the individual’s
immediate family or to a trust, the beneficiary of which is a member of one of the individual’s immediate family, an affiliate
of such person or to a charitable organization; (c) in the case of an individual, by virtue of laws of descent and distribution
upon death of the individual; (d) in the case of an individual, pursuant to a qualified domestic relations order; (e) by private
sales or transfers made in connection with the consummation of an initial business combination at prices no greater than the price
at which the shares or warrants were originally purchased; (f) in the event of our liquidation prior to the completion of our
initial business combination; (g) by virtue of the laws of Delaware or our sponsor’s limited liability company agreement
upon dissolution of our sponsor; or (h) in the event of our liquidation, merger, capital stock exchange, reorganization or other
similar transaction which results in all of our stockholders having the right to exchange their shares of common stock for cash,
securities or other property subsequent to our completion of our initial business combination; provided, however, that in the
case of clauses (a) through (e) or (g) these permitted transferees must enter into a written agreement agreeing to be bound by
these transfer restrictions and the other restrictions contained in the letter agreements and by the same agreements entered into
by our sponsor with respect to such securities (including provisions relating to voting, the trust account and liquidation distributions). Registration
Rights The
holders of the founder shares, Private Placement Warrants and warrants that may be issued upon conversion of working capital loans
will have registration rights to require us to register a sale of any of our securities held by them pursuant to a registration
rights agreement to be signed prior to or on the effective date of the Initial Public Offering. These holders will be entitled
to make up to three demands, excluding short form registration demands, that we register such securities for sale under the Securities
Act. In addition, these holders will have “piggy-back” registration rights to include their securities in other registration
statements filed by us. Item 13. | Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence. In
October 2018, our initial sponsor purchased 8,625,000 founder shares for an aggregate purchase price of $25,000, or approximately
$0.003 per share. In November 2018, our initial sponsor transferred 25,000 founder shares to each of Ms. Linden and Messrs. Nathanson,
Zuaiter, and Sander, our independent directors. In February 2019, our initial sponsor assigned 8,525,000 founder shares to our
sponsor, and in February 2019 our sponsor forfeited 1,437,500 founder shares. On March 14, 2019, we effected a 1.044 for 1 stock
dividend for each share of Class B common stock outstanding, resulting in our initial stockholders holding an aggregate of 7,503,750
founder shares. Our independent directors retransferred an aggregate of 4,400 shares to our sponsor. The number of founder shares
issued was determined based on the expectation that such founder shares would represent 20% of the outstanding shares upon completion
of the Initial Public Offering. On March 29, 2019, the Underwriters exercised the over-allotment option in full and purchased
3,915,000 Over-Allotment Units and, as a result, no additional founder shares were forfeit resulting in 7,503,750 founder shares
outstanding as of December 31, 2019. The founder shares will be worthless if we do not complete an initial business combination. 75 Our
sponsor purchased an aggregate of 8,503,000 Private Placement Warrants at a price of $1.00 per warrant ($8,503,000 in the aggregate)
in a private placement that occurred simultaneously with the closing of the Initial Public Offering. Each Private Placement Warrant
entitles the holder thereof to purchase one share of our Class A common stock at a price of $11.50 per share. The Private Placement
Warrants (including the Class A common stock issuable upon exercise thereof) may not, subject to certain limited exceptions, be
transferred, assigned or sold by the holder. As
more fully discussed in the section entitled “Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance—Conflicts
of Interest,” if any of our officers or directors becomes aware of an initial business combination opportunity that falls
within the line of business of any entity to which he or she has then-current fiduciary or contractual obligations, he or she
will honor his or her fiduciary or contractual obligations to present such business combination opportunity to such other entity.
Our officers and directors currently have certain relevant fiduciary duties or contractual obligations that may take priority
over their duties to us. In
October 2018, we agreed to pay our President a fee of $12,500 per month. From the time of our Initial Public Offering
through January 31, 2020, one-half of the monthly fee accrued and was payable monthly and one-half of accrued and will become
payable on the consummation of our initial business combination. From February 1, 2020, the entire monthly fee will accrue and
become payable on the consummation of our initial business combination. In
November 2018, we agreed to pay our Chief Financial Officer, Pierre M. Henry, a fee of approximately $16,667 per month. In March
2019 such amount increased to $25,000 per month, which will be payable until the earlier of the consummation of our initial business
combination or our liquidation. Since
the consummation of the Initial Public Offering, we pay an affiliate of our sponsor a total of $35,000 per month for office space,
utilities and secretarial and administrative support. Upon completion of our initial business combination or our liquidation,
we will cease paying these monthly fees. No
compensation of any kind, including any finder’s fee, reimbursement, consulting fee or monies in respect of any payment
of a loan, will be paid by us to our sponsor, officers and directors, or any affiliate of our sponsor or officers, prior to, or
in connection with any services rendered in order to effectuate, the consummation of an initial business combination (regardless
of the type of transaction that it is), except that we may pay HPS or the HPS Funds, entities affiliated with one of our directors,
fees in connection with potentially providing financing or other investments in connection with our initial business combination,
which will not be made from the proceeds of the Initial Public Offering held in the trust account prior to the completion of our
initial business combination. The amount of any fees we pay to HPS or the HPS Funds will be subject to the review of our audit
committee pursuant to the audit committee’s policies and procedures relating to transactions that may present conflicts
of interest. However, these individuals will be reimbursed for any out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with activities
on our behalf such as identifying potential target businesses and performing due diligence on suitable business combinations.
We do not have a policy that prohibits our sponsor, executive officers or directors, or any of their respective affiliates, from
negotiating for the reimbursement of out-of-pocket expenses by a target business. Our audit committee reviews on a quarterly basis
all payments that were made to our sponsor, officers, directors or our or their affiliates and will determine which expenses and
the amount of expenses that will be reimbursed. There is no cap or ceiling on the reimbursement of out-of-pocket expenses incurred
by such persons in connection with activities on our behalf. On
October 17, 2018, our sponsor agreed to loan the Company an aggregate of up to $300,000 to cover expenses related to the Initial
Public Offering pursuant to a promissory note (the “Note”). The Note was non-interest bearing and payable on the earlier
of June 30, 2019 or the completion of the Initial Public Offering. The outstanding borrowings under the Note in the amount of
$299,000 were repaid upon the consummation of the Initial Public Offering on March 19, 2019. In
addition, on February 24, 2020, we issued a Note in the principal amount of up to $1,500,000 to our Sponsor. The Note bears no
interest and is repayable in full upon consummation of our initial business combination. The Sponsor has the option to convert
any unpaid balance of the Note into Working Capital Warrants equal to the principal amount of the Note so converted divided by
$1.00. The terms of any such Working Capital Warrants will be identical to the terms of the Private Placement Warrants. If we
complete a Business Combination, we would repay such loaned amounts to the extent they are not converted into Working Capital
Warrants. In the event that the initial business combination does not close, we may use a portion of the working capital held
outside the trust account to repay such loaned amounts but no proceeds from our trust account would be used for such repayment.
We do not expect to seek loans from parties other than our sponsor or an affiliate of our sponsor as we do not believe third parties
will be willing to loan such funds and provide a waiver against any and all rights to seek access to funds in our trust account. 76 After
our initial business combination, members of our management team who remain with us may be paid consulting, management or other
fees from the combined company with any and all amounts being fully disclosed to our stockholders, to the extent then known, in
the tender offer or proxy solicitation materials, as applicable, furnished to our stockholders. It is unlikely the amount of such
compensation will be known at the time of distribution of such tender offer materials or at the time of a stockholder meeting
held to consider our initial business combination, as applicable, as it will be up to the directors of the post-combination business
to determine executive and director compensation. We
entered into a registration rights agreement with respect to the Private Placement Warrants, the warrants issuable upon conversion
of working capital loans (if any) and the shares of Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of the foregoing and upon conversion
of the founder shares. Related
Party Policy We
have not yet adopted a formal policy for the review, approval or ratification of related party transactions. Accordingly, the
transactions discussed above were not reviewed, approved or ratified in accordance with any such policy. We
have adopted a code of ethics requiring us to avoid, wherever possible, all conflicts of interests, except under guidelines or
resolutions approved by our board of directors (or the appropriate committee of our board) or as disclosed in our public filings
with the SEC. Under our code of ethics, conflict of interest situations will include any financial transaction, arrangement or
relationship (including any indebtedness or guarantee of indebtedness) involving the company. In
addition, our audit committee, pursuant to a written charter, is responsible for reviewing and approving related party transactions
to the extent that we enter into such transactions. An affirmative vote of a majority of the members of the audit committee present
at a meeting at which a quorum is present will be required in order to approve a related party transaction. A majority of the
members of the entire audit committee will constitute a quorum. Without a meeting, the unanimous written consent of all of the
members of the audit committee will be required to approve a related party transaction. We also require each of our directors
and executive officers to complete a directors’ and officers’ questionnaire that elicits information about related
party transactions. These
procedures are intended to determine whether any such related party transaction impairs the independence of a director or presents
a conflict of interest on the part of a director, employee or officer. To
further minimize conflicts of interest, we have agreed not to consummate an initial business combination with an entity that is
affiliated with any of our sponsor, officers or directors unless we, or a committee of independent directors, have obtained an
opinion from an independent investment banking firm or another independent entity that commonly renders valuation opinions that
our initial business combination is fair to our company from a financial point of view. No finder’s fees, reimbursements,
consulting fee, monies in respect of any payment of a loan or other compensation will be paid by us to our sponsor, officers or
directors, or any affiliate of our sponsor or officers, for services rendered to us prior to, or in connection with any services
rendered in order to effectuate, the consummation of our initial business combination (regardless of the type of transaction that
it is). However, the following payments will be made to our sponsor, officers or directors, or our or their affiliates, none of
which will be made from the proceeds of the Initial Public Offering held in the trust account prior to the completion of our initial
business combination: ● | Repayment of up to an aggregate of $300,000 in loans made to us by our sponsor to cover offering-related and organizational expenses; ● | In October 2018, we agreed to pay our President a fee of $12,500 per month. From the time of our Initial Public Offering through January 31, 2020, one-half of the monthly fee accrued and was payable monthly and one-half of accrued and will become payable on the consummation of our initial business combination. From February 1, 2020, the entire monthly fee will accrue and become payable on the consummation of our initial business combination.; ● | In November 2018, we agreed to pay our Chief Financial Officer a fee of approximately $16,667 per month. In March 2019 such amount increased to $25,000 per month, which will be payable until the earlier of the consummation of our initial business combination or our liquidation; ● | Since the closing of the Initial Public Offering, payment to an affiliate of our sponsor of $35,000 per month, for up to 24 months, for office space, utilities and secretarial and administrative support; ● | Reimbursement for any out-of-pocket expenses related to identifying, investigating and completing an initial business combination; ● | Repayment of loans which may be made by our sponsor or an affiliate of our sponsor or certain of our officers and directors to finance transaction costs in connection with an intended initial business combination, including the Note to the extent there are borrowings thereunder; and ● | We may pay HPS or the HPS Funds, entities affiliated with one of our directors, fees in connection with potentially providing financing or other investments in connection with our initial business combination. The amount of any fees we pay to HPS or the HPS Funds will be subject to the review of our audit committee pursuant to the audit committee’s policies and procedures relating to transactions that may present conflicts of interest. Our
audit committee will review on a quarterly basis all payments that were made to our sponsor, officers or directors, or our or
their affiliates. 77 Item 14. | Principal Accounting Fees and Services. The
following is a summary of fees paid or to be paid to Marcum LLP, or Marcum, for services rendered. Audit
Fees . Audit fees consist of fees billed for professional services rendered for the audit of our year-end financial
statements and services that are normally provided by Marcum in connection with regulatory filings. The aggregate fees billed
by Marcum for professional services rendered for the audit of our annual financial statements, review of the financial
information included in our Forms 10-Q for the respective periods and other required filings with the SEC for the year ended
December 31, 2019 and for the period from September 26, 2018 (inception) through December 31, 2018 totaled $88,060 and
$30,000, respectively. The above amounts include interim procedures and audit fees, as well as attendance at audit committee
meetings. Audit-Related
Fees . Audit-related services consist of fees billed for assurance and related services that are reasonably related to performance
of the audit or review of our financial statements and are not reported under “Audit Fees.” These services include
attest services that are not required by statute or regulation and consultations concerning financial accounting and reporting
standards. We did not pay Marcum for consultations concerning financial accounting and reporting standards for the year ended
December 31, 2019 and for the period from September 26, 2018 (inception) through December 31, 2018. Tax Fees . We paid
Marcum for tax planning and tax advice, $6,695 for the year ended December 31, 2019. We did not incur any tax planning or tax
advice fees the period from September 26, 2018 (inception) through December 31, 2018. All
Other Fees . We did not pay Marcum for other services for the year ended December 31, 2019 and for the period from September
26, 2018 (inception) through December 31, 2018. Pre-Approval
Policy Our
audit committee was formed upon the consummation of our Initial Public Offering. As a result, the audit committee did not pre-approve
all of the foregoing services, although any services rendered prior to the formation of our audit committee were approved by our
board of directors. Since the formation of our audit committee, and on a going-forward basis, the audit committee has and will
pre-approve all auditing services and permitted non-audit services to be performed for us by our auditors, including the fees
and terms thereof (subject to the de minimis exceptions for non-audit services described in the Exchange Act which are approved
by the audit committee prior to the completion of the audit). 78 PART
IV Item 15. | Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules. (a) | The following documents are filed as part of this annual report on Form 10-K: 1. | Financial Statements: See “Index to Financial Statements” at “Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data” herein. (b) | Financial Statement Schedules. All schedules are omitted for the reason that the information is included in the financial statements or the notes thereto or that they are not required or are not applicable. (c) | Exhibits: The exhibits listed in the accompanying index to exhibits are filed or incorporated by reference as part of this annual report on Form 10-K. Exhibit Number | Description
3.1 | Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on March 20, 2019).
3.2 | By Laws (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.3 to the Company’s registration statement on Form S-1 filed with the Commission on March 8, 2019)
4.1 | Specimen Unit Certificate (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company’s registration statement on Form S-1 filed with the Commission on March 8, 2019).
4.2 | Specimen Class A Common Stock Certificate (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Company’s registration statement on Form S-1 filed with the Commission on March 8, 2019).
4.3 | Specimen Warrant Certificate (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to the Company’s registration statement on Form S-1 filed with the Commission on March 8, 2019).
4.4 | Warrant Agreement, dated March 14, 2019, between the Company and Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company, as warrant agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on March 20, 2019).
4.5* | Description of Securities
10.1 | Promissory Note, dated October 17, 2018, issued to Trine Sponsor LLC (incorporated by reference to the Exhibit 10.2 to the Company’s registration statement on Form S-1 filed with the Commission on March 8, 2019).
10.2 | Letter Agreement, dated March 14, 2019, by and among the Company, its officers and directors and the Sponsor (incorporated by reference to the Exhibit 10.1 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on March 20, 2019).
10.3 | Investment Management Trust Agreement, dated March 14, 2019, by and between the Company and Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company, as trustee (incorporated by reference to the Exhibit 10.2 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on March 20, 2019).
10.4 | Registration Rights Agreement, dated March 14, 2019, by and among the Company and certain security holders (incorporated by reference to the Exhibit 10.3 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on March 20, 2019).
10.5 | Securities Subscription Agreement, dated October 17, 2018, between the Company and the Trine Sponsor LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Company’s registration statement on Form S-1 filed with the Commission on March 8, 2019).
10.6 | Private Placement Warrant Purchase Agreement, dated March 14, 2019, by and between the Company and the Sponsor (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on March 20, 2019).
10.7 | Form of Indemnity Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 to the Company’s registration statement on Form S-1 filed with the Commission on March 8, 2019).
10.11 | Administrative Services Agreement, dated March 14, 2019, by and between the Company and Robin Trine Holdings LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on March 20, 2019).
10.12 | Promissory Note, dated February 24, 2020 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on February 25, 2020).
24* | Power of Attorney (included on signature page of this annual report).
31.1* | Certification of Principal Executive Officer pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.
31.2* | Certification of Principal Financial Officer pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.
32.1* | Certification of Principal Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.
32.2* | Certification of Principal Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.
(101.INS) | XBRL Instance Document
(101.SCH) | XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document
(101.CAL) | XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document
(101.DEF) | XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document
(101.LAB) | XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document
(101.PRE) | XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document *
filed herewith. 79 SIGNATURES Pursuant
to the requirements of the Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the Registrant has duly
caused this annual report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized, in New York City, New
York, on the 26th day of March, 2020. TRINE ACQUISITION CORP.
By: | /s/ Pierre M. Henry
Name: | Pierre M. Henry
Title: | Chief Financial Officer POWERS
OF ATTORNEY KNOW
ALL BY THESE PRESENTS, that each of the undersigned constitutes and appoints each of Leo Hindery, Jr. and Pierre M. Henry, each
acting alone, his or her true and lawful attorneys-in-fact and agents, with full power of substitution and resubstitution, for
such person and in his or her name, place and stead, in any and all capacities, to sign this annual report on Form 10-K (including
amendments thereto), and to file the same, with all exhibits thereto, and other documents in connection therewith, with the Securities
and Exchange Commission, granting unto said attorneys-in-fact and agents, each acting alone, full power and authority to do and
perform each and every act and thing requisite and necessary to be done in and about the premises, as fully to all intents and
purposes as he or she might or could do in person, hereby ratifying and confirming that any such attorney-in-fact and agent, or
his or her substitute or substitutes, may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, this annual report has been signed below by the following
persons in the capacities and on the dates indicated. Name | Position | Date
/s/ Leo Hindery, Jr. | Chairman and Chief Executive Officer | March 26, 2020
Leo Hindery, Jr. | (Principal Executive Officer)
/s/ Pierre M. Henry | Chief Financial Officer | March 26 , 2020
Pierre M. Henry | (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer)
/s/ Josephine Linden | Director | March 26 , 2020
Josephine Linden
/s/ Marc Nathanson | Director | March 26 , 2020
Marc Nathanson
/s/ Tom Wasserman | Director | March 26 , 2020
Tom Wasserman
/s/ Abbas F. Zuaiter | Director | March 26 , 2020
A bbas F. Zuaiter
/s/ Kent R. Sander | Director | March 26 , 2020
Kent R. Sander 80 TRINE
ACQUISITION CORP. INDEX
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm | F-2
Financial Statements:
Balance Sheets | F-3
Statements of Operations | F-4
Statements of Changes in Stockholders’ Equity (Deficit) | F-5
Statements of Cash Flows | F-6
Notes to Financial Statements | F-7 to F-16 F- 1 REPORT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM To
the Shareholders and the Board of Directors of Trine Acquisition Corp. Opinion
on the Financial Statements We
have audited the accompanying balance sheets of Trine Acquisition Corp. (the “Company”) as of December 31, 2019 and
2018, the related statements of operations, changes in stockholders’ equity (deficit) and cash flows for the year ended
December 31, 2019 and for the period from September 26, 2018 (inception) through December 31, 2018, and the related notes (collectively
referred to as the “financial statements”). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material
respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2019 and 2018, and the results of its operations and its cash
flows for the year ended December 31, 2019 and for the period from September 26, 2018 (inception) through December 31, 2018, in
conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Basis
for Opinion These
financial statements are the responsibility of the Company’s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on
the Company’s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public
Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (the “PCAOB”) and are required to be independent with respect
to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities
and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. We
conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits
to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error
or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial
reporting. As part of our audits we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not
for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company’s internal control over financial reporting.
Accordingly, we express no such opinion. Our
audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to
error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence
regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles
used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements.
We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. /s/ Marcum LLP
Marcum LLP
We have served as the Company’s auditor since 2018.
New York, NY
March 26, 2020 F- 2 TRINE
ACQUISITION CORP. BALANCE
SHEETS December 31, | December 31,
2019 | 2018
ASSETS
Current assets
Cash | $ | 138,533 | $ | 119,136
Prepaid income taxes | 242,620 | —
Prepaid expenses | 190,917 | —
Total Current Assets | 572,070 | 119,136
Security deposit | 23,800 | 23,800
Deferred offering costs | — | 182,742
Marketable securities held in Trust Account | 304,528,924 | —
Total Assets | $ | 305,124,794 | $ | 325,678
LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS’ EQUITY (DEFICIT)
Current liabilities
Accounts payable and accrued expenses | $ | 303,190 | $ | 20,222
Accrued offering costs | — | 25,149
Promissory note – related party | — | 299,000
Total Current Liabilities | 303,190 | 344,371
Deferred tax liability | 35,655 | —
Deferred underwriting fee payable | 10,505,250 | —
Total Liabilities | 10,844,095 | 344,371
Commitments and Contingencies (Note 6)
Common stock subject to possible redemption, 28,504,462 shares at redemption value as of December 31, 2019 | 289,280,690 | —
Stockholders’ Equity (Deficit)
Preferred stock, $0.0001 par value; 1,000,000 shares authorized, none issued and outstanding | — | —
Class A common stock, $0.0001 par value; 100,000,000 shares authorized; 1,510,538 and -0- shares issued and outstanding (excluding 28,504,462 and -0- shares subject to possible redemption) as of December 31, 2019 and 2018, respectively | 151 | —
Class B convertible common stock, $0.0001 par value; 10,000,000 shares authorized; 7,503,750 shares issued and outstanding | 750 | 750
Additional paid in capital | 2,313,769 | 24,250
Retained earnings/(Accumulated deficit) | 2,685,339 | (43,693 | )
Total Stockholders’ Equity (Deficit) | 5,000,009 | (18,693 | )
Total Liabilities and Stockholders’ Equity (Deficit) | $ | 305,124,794 | $ | 325,678 The
accompanying notes are an integral part of the financial statements. F- 3 TRINE
ACQUISITION CORP. STATEMENTS
OF OPERATIONS Year Ended December 31, | For the Period from September 26, 2018 (inception) Through December 31,
2019 | 2018
Operating costs | $ | 1,856,857 | $ | 43,693
Loss from operations | (1,856,857 | ) | (43,693 | )
Other income:
Interest income | 5,142,140 | —
Unrealized gain on marketable securities held in Trust Account | 169,784 | —
Other income | 5,311,924 | —
Income (loss) before provision for income taxes | 3,455,067 | (43,693 | )
Provision for income taxes | (726,035 | ) | —
Net income (loss) | $ | 2,729,032 | $ | (43,693 | )
Weighted average shares outstanding, basic and diluted (1) | 8,348,930 | 6,525,000
Basic and diluted net loss per common share (2) | $ | (0.18 | ) | $ | (0.01 | ) (1) | Excludes an aggregate of 28,504,462 shares subject to possible redemption at December 31, 2019. At December 31, 2018, excluded an aggregate of 978,750 shares that were subject to forfeiture to the extent that the underwriters’ over-allotment was not exercised in full or in part (see Note 5). (2) | Net loss per common share – basic and diluted excludes interest income of $4,202,325 attributable to common stock subject to possible redemption for the year ended December 31, 2019 (see Note 2). The
accompanying notes are an integral part of the financial statements. F- 4 TRINE
ACQUISITION CORP. STATEMENTS
OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS’ EQUITY (DEFICIT) Class A Common Stock | Class B Common Stock | Additional Paid in | Retained Earnings (Accumulated | Total Stockholders’ Equity
Shares | Amount | Shares | Amount | Capital | Deficit) | (Deficit)
Balance – September 26, 2018 (inception) | — | $ | — | — | $ | — | $ | — | $ | — | $ | —
Sale of common stock to Sponsor | — | — | 7,503,750 | 750 | 24,250 | — | 25,000
Net loss | — | — | — | — | — | (43,693 | ) | (43,693 | )
Balance – December 31, 2018 | — | — | 7,503,750 | 750 | 24,250 | (43,693 | ) | (18,693 | )
Sale of 30,015,000 Units, net of underwriting fees and offering expenses | 30,015,000 | 3,002 | — | — | 283,064,358 | — | 283,067,360
Sale of 8,503,000 Private Placement Warrants | — | — | — | — | 8,503,000 | — | 8,503,000
Common stock subject to possible redemption | (28,504,462 | ) | (2,851 | ) | — | — | (289,277,839 | ) | — | (289,280,690 | )
Net income | — | — | — | — | — | 2,729,032 | 2,729,032
Balance – December 31, 2019 | 1,510,538 | $ | 151 | 7,503,750 | $ | 750 | $ | 2,313,769 | $ | 2,685,339 | $ | 5,000,009 The
accompanying notes are an integral part of the financial statements. F- 5 TRINE
ACQUISITION CORP. STATEMENTS
OF CASH FLOWS Year Ended December 31, 2019 | For the Period from September 26, 2018 (inception) Through December 31, 2018
Cash Flows from Operating Activities:
Net income (loss) | $ | 2,729,032 | $ | (43,693 | )
Adjustments to reconcile net income (loss) to net cash used in operating activities:
Interest earned on marketable securities held in Trust Account | (5,142,140 | ) | —
Unrealized gain on marketable securities held in Trust Account | (169,784 | ) | —
Deferred tax provision | 35,655 | —
Changes in operating assets and liabilities:
Prepaid income taxes | (242,620 | ) | —
Prepaid expenses | (190,917 | ) | —
Security deposit | — | (23,800 | )
Accounts payable and accrued expenses | 282,968 | 20,222
Net cash used in operating activities | (2,697,806 | ) | (47,271 | )
Cash Flows from Investing Activities:
Investment of cash in Trust Account | (300,150,000 | ) | —
Cash withdrawn from Trust Account to pay income taxes | 933,000 | —
Net cash used in investing activities | (299,217,000 | ) | —
Cash Flows from Financing Activities:
Proceeds from sale of Class B convertible common stock to Sponsor | — | 25,000
Proceeds from sale of Units, net of underwriting fees paid | 294,147,000 | —
Proceeds from sale of Private Placement Warrants | 8,503,000 | —
Advances from related party | 150,000 | —
Repayment of advances from related party | (150,000 | ) | —
Proceeds from promissory note – related party | — | 300,000
Repayment of promissory note – related party | (299,000 | ) | (1,000 | )
Payment of offering costs | (416,797 | ) | (157,593 | )
Net cash provided by financing activities | 301,934,203 | 166,407
Net Change in Cash | 19,397 | 119,136
Cash – Beginning | 119,136 | —
Cash – Ending | $ | 138,533 | $ | 119,136
Supplemental cash flow information:
Cash paid for income taxes | $ | 933,000 | $ | —
Non-cash investing and financing activities:
Initial classification of common stock subject to possible redemption | $ | 286,423,829 | $ | —
Change in value of common stock subject to possible redemption | $ | 2,856,861 | $ | —
Deferred underwriting fee payable | $ | 10,505,250 | $ | —
Offering costs included in accrued offering costs | $ | — | $ | 25,149 The
accompanying notes are an integral part of the financial statements. F- 6 TRINE
ACQUISITION CORP. NOTES
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS DECEMBER
31, 2019 AND 2018 Note
1 — Description of Organization and Business Operations Organization
and General Trine
Acquisition Corp. (the “Company”) is a blank check company incorporated in Delaware on September 26, 2018. The Company
was formed for the purpose of effecting a merger, capital stock exchange, asset acquisition, stock purchase, reorganization or
similar business combination with one or more businesses (the “Initial Business Combination”). The Company is an “emerging
growth company,” as defined in Section 2(a) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, (the “Securities Act”),
as modified by the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act of 2012 (the “JOBS Act”). As
of December 31, 2019, the Company had not commenced any operations. All activity for the period from September 26, 2018 (inception)
through December 31, 2019 relates to the Company’s formation, the initial public offering (the “Initial Public Offering”),
which is described below, and identifying a target business for a Business Combination. The Company will not generate any operating
revenues until after the completion of its Initial Business Combination, at the earliest. The Company generates non-operating
income in the form of interest income on cash and marketable securities from the proceeds derived from the Initial Public Offering. Sponsor
and Initial Public Offering The
registration statements for the Company’s Initial Public Offering were declared effective on March 14, 2019. On March 19,
2019, the Company consummated the Initial Public Offering of 26,100,000 units (the “Units”) at $10.00 per Unit, generating
gross proceeds of $261,000,000, which is described in Note 3. Simultaneously
with the closing of the Initial Public Offering, the Company consummated the sale of 7,720,000 warrants (the “Private Placement
Warrants”) at a price of $1.00 per Unit in a private placement to the Company’s sponsor, Trine Sponsor IH, LLC, a
Delaware limited liability company (the “Sponsor”), generating gross proceeds of $7,720,000, which is described in
Note 4. On
March 29, 2019, in connection with the underwriters’ election to fully exercise their over-allotment option, the Company
sold an additional 3,915,000 Units at $10.00 per Unit and sold an additional 783,000 Private Placement Warrants at $1.00 per Private
Placement Warrant, generating total gross proceeds of $39,933,000. Following such closing, an additional $39,150,000 of net proceeds
($10.00 per Unit) was deposited in the Trust Account, resulting in $300,150,000 ($10.00 per Unit) held in the Trust Account. Transaction
costs amounted to $17,082,640, consisting of $6,003,000 of underwriting fees, $10,505,250 of deferred underwriting fees and $574,390
of other offering costs. In addition, as of December 31, 2019, cash of $138,533 was held outside of the Trust Account (as defined
below) and is available for working capital purposes. The
Trust Account Following
the closing of the Initial Public Offering, an amount of $300,150,000 ($10.00 per Unit) from the net proceeds of the sale of the
Units in the Initial Public Offering and the sale of the Private Placement Warrants was placed in a trust account (the “Trust
Account”), and invested only in U.S. government treasury bills with a maturity of one hundred eighty (180) days or less
or in money market funds that meet certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 under the Investment Company Act of 1940 and that invest
only in direct U.S. government obligations. Funds will remain in the Trust Account until the earlier of (i) the consummation of
the Initial Business Combination or (ii) the distribution of the Trust Account proceeds as described below. The remaining proceeds
held outside the Trust Account may be used to pay for business, legal and accounting due diligence on prospective acquisitions
and continuing general and administrative expenses. The
Company’s amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that, other than the withdrawal of interest to pay
taxes, if any, none of the funds held in the Trust Account will be released until the earlier of: (i) the completion of the Initial
Business Combination; (ii) the redemption of any shares of Class A common stock included in the Units (the “Public Shares”
) sold in the Initial Public Offering that have been properly tendered in connection with a stockholder vote to amend the Company’s
certificate of incorporation to modify the substance or timing of its obligation to redeem 100% of the Public Shares if it does
not complete the Initial Business Combination by March 19, 2021 (the “Combination Period”); and (iii) the redemption
of 100% of the Public Shares if the Company is unable to complete an Initial Business Combination within the Combination Period
(subject to the requirements of law). The proceeds deposited in the Trust Account could become subject to the claims of the Company’s
creditors, if any, which could have priority over the claims of the Company’s public stockholders. F- 7 TRINE
ACQUISITION CORP. NOTES
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS DECEMBER
31, 2019 AND 2018 Initial
Business Combination The Company’s management has broad discretion with respect
to the specific application of the net proceeds of the Initial Public Offering and the sale of Private Placement Warrants, although
substantially all of the net proceeds are intended to be applied generally toward consummating an Initial Business Combination.
The Initial Business Combination must be with one or more target businesses that together have an aggregate fair market value of
at least 80% of the assets held in the Trust Account (excluding deferred underwriting fees and taxes payable) at the time of the
agreement to enter into the Initial Business Combination. Furthermore, there is no assurance that the Company will be able to successfully
effect an Initial Business Combination. NYSE
rules require that the Company must complete one or more business combinations having an aggregate fair market value of at least
80% of the value of the assets held in the Trust Account (excluding deferred underwriting fees and taxes payable) at
the time of the signing a definitive agreement in connection with an Initial Business Combination. The Company’s board of
directors will make the determination as to the fair market value of the Initial Business Combination. If the Company’s
board of directors is not able to independently determine the fair market value of an Initial Business Combination, then Company
will obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm or another independent entity that commonly renders valuation
opinions with respect to the satisfaction of such criteria. While the Company considers it unlikely that its board of directors
will not be able to make an independent determination of the fair market value of an Initial Business Combination, it may be unable
to do so if it is less familiar or experienced with the business of a particular target or if there is a significant amount of
uncertainty as to the value of a target’s assets or prospects. The
Company, after signing a definitive agreement for an Initial Business Combination, will either (i) seek stockholder approval of
the Initial Business Combination at a meeting called for such purpose in connection with which stockholders may seek to redeem
their Public Shares, regardless of whether they vote for or against the Initial Business Combination, for cash equal to their
pro rata share of the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account as of two business days prior to the consummation
of the Initial Business Combination, including interest but less taxes payable, or (ii) provide stockholders with the opportunity
to sell their Public Shares to the Company by means of a tender offer (and thereby avoid the need for a stockholder vote) for
an amount in cash equal to their pro rata share of the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account as of two business
days prior to the consummation of the Initial Business Combination, including interest but less taxes payable. The decision as
to whether the Company will seek stockholder approval of the Initial Business Combination or will allow stockholders to sell their
Public Shares in a tender offer will be made by the Company, solely in its discretion, and will be based on a variety of factors
such as the timing of the transaction and whether the terms of the transaction would otherwise require the Company to seek stockholder
approval, unless a vote is required by law or under NYSE rules. If the Company seeks stockholder approval, it will complete its
Initial Business Combination only if a majority of the outstanding shares of common stock voted are voted in favor of the Initial
Business Combination. However, in no event will the Company redeem its Public Shares in an amount that would cause its net tangible
assets to be less than $5,000,001 upon consummation of the Initial Business Combination. In such case, the Company would not proceed
with the redemption of its Public Shares and the related Initial Business Combination, and instead may search for an alternate
Initial Business Combination. If
the Company holds a stockholder vote or there is a tender offer for shares in connection with an Initial Business Combination,
a public stockholder will have the right to redeem its Public Shares for an amount in cash equal to its pro rata share of the
aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account as of two business days prior to the consummation of the Initial Business
Combination, including interest but less taxes payable. Pursuant to the Company’s amended and restated certificate
of incorporation, if the Company is unable to complete the Initial Business Combination within the Combination Period, the Company
will (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten
business days thereafter, subject to lawfully available funds therefor, redeem the Public Shares, at a per-share price, payable
in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account including interest earned on the funds held in the
Trust Account and not previously released to the Company to pay taxes (less up to $100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses),
divided by the number of then outstanding Public Shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public stockholders’
rights as stockholders (including the right to receive further liquidating distributions, if any), subject to applicable law, and
(iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of the Company’s remaining stockholders
and the Company’s board of directors, dissolve and liquidate, subject in each case to the Company’s obligations under
Delaware law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. The Sponsor and the Company’s
officers and directors entered into a letter agreement (the “Letter Agreement”) with the Company, pursuant to which
they agreed to waive their rights to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account with respect to any Founder Shares (as defined
below) held by them if the Company fails to complete the Initial Business Combination within the Combination Period. However, if
the Sponsor or any of the Company’s directors, officers or affiliates acquire shares of Class A common stock during or after
the Initial Public Offering, they will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account with respect to such shares
if the Company fails to complete the Initial Business Combination within the prescribed time period. In
the event of a liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Company after an Initial Business Combination, the Company’s
stockholders are entitled to share ratably in all assets remaining available for distribution to them after payment of liabilities
and after provision is made for each class of stock, if any, having preference over the common stock. The Company’s stockholders
have no preemptive or other subscription rights. There are no sinking fund provisions applicable to the common stock, except that
the Company will provide its stockholders with the opportunity to redeem their Public Shares for cash equal to their pro rata
share of the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account, upon the completion of the Initial Business Combination, subject
to the limitations described herein. F- 8 TRINE
 ACQUISITION CORP. NOTES
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS DECEMBER
31, 2019 AND 2018 Note
2 — Summary of Significant Accounting Policies Basis
of presentation The accompanying financial statements are presented in conformity
with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America (“GAAP”) and pursuant to the rules and
regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”). Emerging
growth company Section
102(b)(1) of the JOBS Act exempts emerging growth companies from being required to comply with new or revised financial accounting
standards until private companies (that is, those that have not had a Securities Act registration statement declared effective
or do not have a class of securities registered under the Exchange Act) are required to comply with the new or revised financial
accounting standards. The JOBS Act provides that a company can elect to opt out of the extended transition period and comply with
the requirements that apply to non-emerging growth companies but any such an election to opt out is irrevocable. The Company has
elected not to opt out of such extended transition period, which means that when a standard is issued or revised and it has different
application dates for public or private companies, the Company, as an emerging growth company, can adopt the new or revised standard
at the time private companies adopt the new or revised standard. This
may make comparison of the Company’s financial statements with another public company, which is neither an emerging growth
company nor an emerging growth company which has opted out of using the extended transition period, difficult or impossible because
of the potential differences in accounting standards used. Use
of estimates The
preparation of financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires the Company’s management to make estimates and assumptions
that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of
the financial statements. Making
estimates requires management to exercise significant judgment. It is at least reasonably possible that the estimate of the effect
of a condition, situation or set of circumstances that existed at the date of the financial statements, which management considered
in formulating its estimate, could change in the near term due to one or more future events. Accordingly, the actual results could
differ significantly from those estimates. Cash
and cash equivalents The
Company considers all short-term investments with an original maturity of three months or less when purchased to be cash equivalents.
The Company did not have any cash equivalents as of December 31, 2019 and 2018. Marketable
securities held in Trust Account At
December 31, 2019, substantially all of the assets held in the Trust Account were held in U.S. Treasury Bills. Common
stock subject to possible redemption The
Company accounts for its common stock subject to possible redemption in accordance with the guidance in Accounting Standards Codification
(“ASC”) Topic 480 “Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity.” Common stock subject to mandatory redemption
is classified as a liability instrument and is measured at fair value. Conditionally redeemable common stock (including common
stock that features redemption rights that are either within the control of the holder or subject to redemption upon the occurrence
of uncertain events not solely within the Company’s control) is classified as temporary equity. At all other times, common
stock is classified as stockholders’ equity. The Company’s common stock features certain redemption rights that are
considered to be outside of the Company’s control and subject to the occurrence of uncertain future events. Accordingly,
common stock subject to possible redemption is presented as temporary equity, outside of the stockholders’ equity section
of the Company’s balance sheet. F- 9 TRINE
 ACQUISITION CORP. NOTES
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS DECEMBER
31, 2019 AND 2018 Income
taxes The
Company follows the asset and liability method of accounting for income taxes under ASC 740, “Income Taxes.”
Deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the estimated future tax consequences attributable to differences between
the financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases. Deferred tax assets
and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which those temporary
differences are expected to be recovered or settled. The effect on deferred tax assets and liabilities of a change in tax rates
is recognized in income in the period that included the enactment date. Valuation allowances are established, when necessary,
to reduce deferred tax assets to the amount expected to be realized. ASC
740 prescribes a recognition threshold and a measurement attribute for the financial statement recognition and measurement of
tax positions taken or expected to be taken in a tax return. For those benefits to be recognized, a tax position must be more
likely than not to be sustained upon examination by taxing authorities. There were no unrecognized tax benefits as of December
31, 2019 and 2018. The Company recognizes accrued interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits as income tax expense.
No amounts were accrued for the payment of interest and penalties at December 31, 2019 and 2018. The Company is currently not
aware of any issues under review that could result in significant payments, accruals or material deviation from its position.
The Company is subject to income tax examinations by major taxing authorities since inception. Net
loss per common share Net loss per common share is computed by dividing net loss
by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding for the period. The Company applies the two-class method in calculating
earnings per share. Shares of common stock subject to possible redemption at December 31, 2019, which are not currently redeemable
and are not redeemable at fair value, have been excluded from the calculation of basic loss per share since such shares, if redeemed,
only participate in their pro rata share of the Trust Account earnings. The Company has not considered the effect of warrants sold
in the Initial Public Offering and private placement to purchase 23,510,500 shares of common stock in the calculation of diluted
loss per common share, since the exercise of the warrants is contingent upon the occurrence of future events. As a result, diluted
net loss per common share is the same as basic net loss per common share for the periods presented. Reconciliation
of net loss per common share The Company’s net income (loss) is adjusted for the portion
of income that is attributable to common stock subject to possible redemption, as these shares only participate in the earnings
of the Trust Account and not the income or losses of the Company. Accordingly, basic and diluted net loss per common share is calculated
as follows: Year Ended December 31, | For the Period from September 26, 2018 (Inception) Through December 31,
2019 | 2018
Net income (loss) | $ | 2,729,032 | $ | (43,693 | )
Less: Income attributable to common stock subject to possible redemption | (4,202,325 | ) | —
Adjusted net loss | $ | (1,473,293 | ) | $ | (43,693 | )
Weighted average shares outstanding, basic and diluted | 8,348,930 | 6,525,000
Basic and diluted net loss per common share | $ | (0.18 | ) | $ | (0.01 | ) Concentration
of credit risk Financial
instruments that potentially subject the Company to concentrations of credit risk consist of a cash account in a financial institution,
which, at times may exceed the Federal Depository Insurance Coverage of $250,000. At December 31, 2019 and 2018, the Company had
not experienced losses on this account and management believes the Company is not exposed to significant risks on such account. F- 10 TRINE
ACQUISITION CORP. NOTES
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS DECEMBER
31, 2019 AND 2018 Financial
instruments The fair value of the Company’s assets and liabilities,
which qualify as financial instruments under ASC Topic 820, “Fair Value Measurements,” approximates the carrying amounts
represented in the accompanying balance sheets, primarily due to their short-term nature. Recent
accounting pronouncements Management
does not believe that any recently issued, but not yet effective, accounting pronouncements, if currently adopted, would have
a material effect on the Company’s financial statements. Note
3 — Initial Public Offering Pursuant
to the Initial Public Offering, the Company sold 30,015,000 Units at a purchase price of $10.00 per Unit, which includes the full
exercise by the underwriters of their over-allotment option in the amount of 3,915,000 Units at $10.00 per Unit. Each Unit consists
of one share of the Company’s Class A common stock, $0.0001 par value, and one-half of one redeemable warrant (each, a “Warrant”
and, collectively, the “Warrants”). Each whole Warrant entitles the holder to purchase one share of Class A common
stock at a price of $11.50 per share. No fractional warrants will be issued upon separation of the Units and only whole Warrants
will trade. Each Warrant will become exercisable on the later of 30 days after the completion of the Company’s Initial Business
Combination or 12 months from the closing of the Initial Public Offering, and will expire five years after the completion of the
Company’s Initial Business Combination or earlier upon redemption or liquidation. Once the Warrants become exercisable,
the Company may redeem the outstanding Warrants in whole and not in part at a price of $0.01 per Warrant upon a minimum of 30
days’ prior written notice of redemption, if and only if the last sale price of the Company’s Class A common stock
equals or exceeds $18.00 per share for any 20 trading days within a 30-trading day period ending on the third trading day prior
to the date on which the Company sent the notice of redemption to the Warrant holders. Note
4 — Private Placement Simultaneously
with the closing of the Initial Public Offering, the Sponsor purchased from the Company an aggregate of 7,720,000 Private Placement
Warrants at a price of $1.00 per warrant, for an aggregate purchase price of $7,720,000. On March 29, 2019, in connection
with the underwriters’ election to fully exercise their over-allotment option, the Company sold an additional 783,000 Private
Placement Warrants to the Sponsor, at a price of $1.00 per Private Placement Warrant, generating gross proceeds of $783,000. Each
whole Private Placement Warrant is exercisable for one whole share of the Company’s Class A common stock at a price of $11.50
per share. A
portion of the purchase price of the Private Placement Warrants were added to the proceeds from the Initial Public Offering held
in the Trust Account. If the Initial Business Combination is not completed within the Combination Period, the proceeds from the
sale of the Private Placement Warrants held in the Trust Account will be used to fund the redemption of the Public Shares (subject
to the requirements of applicable law) and the Private Placement Warrants will expire worthless. The Private Placement Warrants
will be non-redeemable and exercisable on a cashless basis so long as they are held by the Sponsor or its permitted transferees. Note
5 — Related Party Transactions Founder
Shares On October 17, 2018, the Company’s initial sponsor, Trine
Sponsor LLC (the “Initial Sponsor”), purchased 8,625,000 shares of Class B convertible common stock (the “Founder
Shares”) for an aggregate purchase price of $25,000, or approximately $0.003 per share. As used herein, unless the context
otherwise requires, “Founder Shares” shall be deemed to include the shares of Class A common stock issuable upon conversion
thereof. On November 12, 2018, the Initial Sponsor transferred 25,000 shares of Class B common stock to each of Ms. Linden and
Messrs. Nathanson, Zuaiter and Sander in compensation for their services as independent directors of the Company. In February 2019,
the Initial Sponsor assigned 8,525,000 Founder Shares to the Sponsor. The Founder Shares are identical to the Class A common stock
included in the Units sold in the Initial Public Offering except that the Founder Shares automatically convert into shares of Class
A common stock at the time of the Company’s Initial Business Combination and are subject to certain transfer restrictions,
as described in more detail below. Holders of Founder Shares may also elect to convert their shares of Class B convertible common
stock into an equal number of shares of Class A common stock, subject to adjustment as provided above, at any time. In February
2019, the Sponsor forfeited 1,437,500 Founder Shares and in March 2019, the Company effected a 1.044 for 1 stock dividend of the
Class B convertible common stock, resulting in 7,503,750 Founder Shares issued and outstanding, of which an aggregate of up to
978,750 Founder Shares were subject to forfeiture to the extent that the over-allotment option was not exercised in full by the
underwriters. The forfeiture was to be adjusted to the extent that the over-allotment option was not exercised in full by the underwriters
so that the Founder Shares would represent 20.0% of the Company’s issued and outstanding shares after the Initial Public
Offering. As a result of the underwriters’ election to fully exercise their over-allotment option, 978,750 Founder Shares
are no longer subject to forfeiture. F- 11 TRINE
ACQUISITION CORP. NOTES
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS DECEMBER
31, 2019 AND 2018 The
Company’s initial stockholders have agreed, subject to limited exceptions, not to transfer, assign or sell any of their
Founder Shares until the earlier to occur of: (A) one year after the completion of the Initial Business Combination or (B) subsequent
to the Initial Business Combination, (x) if the last sale price of the Company’s Class A common stock equals or exceeds
$12.00 per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading
days within any 30-trading day period commencing at least 150 days after the Initial Business Combination, or (y) the date on
which we complete a liquidation, merger, stock exchange or other similar transaction that results in all of the Company’s
stockholders having the right to exchange their shares of common stock for cash, securities or other property. The Sponsor and the Company’s officers and directors
have agreed, subject to limited exceptions, not to transfer, assign or sell any of their Private Placement Warrants until 30 days
after the completion of the Initial Business Combination. Pursuant to the Letter Agreement, the Sponsor and the Company’s
officers and directors have agreed to vote any Founder Shares held by them and any Public Shares purchased after Initial Public
Offering (including in open market and privately negotiated transactions) in favor of an Initial Business Combination. Related
Party Advances Through
March 19, 2019, the Sponsor advanced an aggregate of $150,000 to be used for the payment of costs related to the Initial
Public Offering. The advances were non-interest bearing, unsecured and due on demand. The advances were repaid upon the consummation
of the Initial Public Offering on March 19, 2019. Promissory
Note — Related Party On
October 17, 2018, the Sponsor agreed to loan the Company an aggregate of up to $300,000 to cover expenses related to the Initial
Public Offering pursuant to a promissory note (the “Note”). The Note was non-interest bearing and payable on the earlier
of June 30, 2019 or the completion of the Initial Public Offering. The outstanding borrowings under the Note in the amount of
$299,000 were repaid upon the consummation of the Initial Public Offering on March 19, 2019. Related
Party Loans In
order to finance transaction costs in connection with an intended Initial Business Combination, the Sponsor or an affiliate of
the Sponsor or certain of the Company’s officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, loan the Company funds on
a non-interest basis as may be required. If the Company completes its Initial Business Combination, it would repay such loaned
amounts. In the event that the Company’s Initial Business Combination does not close, the Company may use a portion of the
working capital held outside the Trust Account to repay such loaned amounts, but no proceeds from the Trust Account would be used
for such repayment. Up to $1,500,000 of such loans may be convertible into warrants, at a price of $1.00 per warrant at the option
of the lender. Such warrants would be identical to the Private Placement Warrants, including as to exercise price, exercisability
and exercise period. The Company does not expect to seek loans from parties other than the Sponsor or an affiliate of the Sponsor
as it does not believe third parties will be willing to loan such funds and provide a waiver against any and all rights to seek
access to funds in the Trust Account. No written agreements exist with respect to such loans. On February 24, 2020, the Company issued an
unsecured promissory note (the “Note”) in the principal amount of $1,500,000 to the Sponsor. The Note is non-interest
bearing and payable upon the consummation of an Initial Business Combination. Up to $1,500,000 of such loans may be convertible
into warrants, at a price of $1.00 per warrant at the option of the Sponsor. Such warrants would be identical to the Private Placement
Warrants. In February and March 2020, the Company borrowed an aggregate amount of $376,801 under the Note. The
Company may pay HPS Investment Partners, LLC (“HPS”) or the HPS Funds, entities affiliated with one of the Company’s
directors, fees in connection with potentially providing financing or other investments in connection with the Initial Business
Combination. The amount of any fees the Company pays to HPS or the HPS Funds will be subject to the review of the Company’s
audit committee pursuant to the audit committee’s policies and procedures relating to transactions that may present conflicts
of interest. Executive
Compensation In
November 2018, the Company agreed to pay its Chief Financial Officer a fee of approximately $16,667 per month. In March 2019,
such amount increased to $25,000 per month, which will be payable until the earlier of the consummation of an Initial Business
Combination or the Company’s liquidation. For the year ended December 31, 2019 and for the period from September 26, 2018
(inception) through December 31, 2018, the Company incurred $279,167 and $33,333 in fees, respectively. F- 12 TRINE
ACQUISITION CORP. NOTES
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS DECEMBER
31, 2019 AND 2018 Administrative
Support Agreement The Company entered into an agreement whereby, commencing on March 14, 2019 through the earlier of the Company’s consummation of an Initial Business Combination or the Company’s
liquidation, to pay an affiliate of the Sponsor $35,000 per month for office space, utilities and secretarial and administrative
support. For the year ended December 31, 2019, the Company incurred $332,500 in fees for these services. At December 31, 2019,
$103,330 of such fees are included in accounts payable and accrued expenses in the accompanying balance sheets. Note
6 — Commitments and Contingencies Contingent
Fee Arrangement In
October 2018, the Company agreed to pay its President a fee of $12,500 per month. One-half of the fee became payable upon the
closing of the Initial Public Offering and the other one-half of the fee will accrue and become payable on the consummation of
the Initial Business Combination. As of December 31, 2019, the Company incurred $93,750 in fees related to the portion that became
payable upon the closing of the Initial Public Offering. If the Company does not consummate an Initial Business Combination, the
Company will not be required to pay the contingent fees that will become payable on the consummation of the Initial Business Combination.
As of December 31, 2019, the amount of these contingent fees was $93,750. Registration
Rights Pursuant
to a registration rights agreement entered into on March 14, 2019, the holders of the Founder Shares, Private Placement Warrants
(and their underlying securities) and any Units that may be issued upon conversion of working capital loans, if any, are entitled
to registration rights (in the case of the Founder Shares, only after conversion of such shares to shares of Class A common stock)
pursuant to a registration rights agreement. These holders are entitled to certain demand and “piggyback” registration
rights. The
holders of the Founder Shares, Private Placement Warrants and Warrants that may be issued upon conversion of working capital loans
will not be able to sell these securities until the termination of the applicable lock-up period for the securities to be registered.
The Company will bear the expenses incurred in connection with the filing of any such registration statements. Underwriting
Agreement The underwriters were paid cash underwriting discount of $0.20
per Unit, or $6,003,000 in the aggregate. In addition, the underwriters are entitled to a deferred fee of $0.35 per Unit, or $10,505,250
in the aggregate. The deferred fee will become payable to the underwriters from the amounts held in the Trust Account solely in
the event the Company completes its Initial Business Combination. If the Company does not complete an Initial Business Combination
and subsequently liquidates, the trustee and the underwriters have agreed that (i) they will forfeit any rights or claims to their
deferred underwriting fees, including any accrued interest thereon, then in the Trust Account upon liquidation, and (ii) that the
deferred underwriters’ fees will be distributed on a pro rata basis, including interest earned on the funds held in the Trust
Account and not previously released to the Company to pay its taxes to the public stockholders. Note
7 — Stockholders’ Equity Preferred
Stock The Company is authorized to issue 1,000,000 shares of $0.0001
par value preferred stock with such designations, voting and other rights and preferences as may be determined from time to time
by the Company’s board of directors. At December 31, 2019 and 2018, there were no shares of preferred stock issued or outstanding. Common
Stock The authorized common stock of the Company includes up to 100,000,000
shares of Class A, $0.0001 par value, common stock and 10,000,000 shares of Class B, $0.0001 par value convertible common stock.
The shares of Class B common stock will automatically convert into shares of Class A common stock at the time of the Initial Business
Combination on a one-for-one basis, subject to adjustment for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations
and the like, and subject to further adjustment as provided herein. If the Company enters into an Initial Business Combination,
it may (depending on the terms of such an Initial Business Combination) be required to increase the number of shares of Class A
common stock which the Company is authorized to issue at the same time as the Company’s stockholders vote on the Initial
Business Combination, to the extent the Company seeks stockholder approval in connection with the Initial Business Combination.
Holders of the Company’s common stock are entitled to one vote for each share of common stock. At December 31, 2019 and 2018,
there were 1,510,538 and -0- shares of Class A common stock issued and outstanding, excluding 28,504,462 and -0- shares of Class
A common stock subject to possible redemption, respectively, and 7,503,750 shares of Class B convertible common stock issued and
outstanding. F- 13 TRINE
ACQUISITION CORP. NOTES
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS DECEMBER
31, 2019 AND 2018 Warrants Each
warrant is exercisable to purchase one share of our Class A common stock. The
Public Warrants will become exercisable on the later of (a) 30 days after the completion of an Initial Business Combination or
(b) 12 months from the closing of the Initial Public Offering; provided in each case that the Company has an effective registration
statement under the Securities Act covering the shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of the Public Warrants and a current
prospectus relating to them is available. The Company has agreed that as soon as practicable, but in no event later than 15 business
days after the closing of an Initial Business Combination, the Company will use its best efforts to file with the SEC a registration
statement for the registration, under the Securities Act, of the shares of Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of the
Public Warrants. The Company will use its best efforts to cause the same to become effective and to maintain a current prospectus
relating to those shares of Class A common stock until the warrants expire or are redeemed, as specified in the warrant agreement.
If a registration statement covering the shares of Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants is not effective
by the 60 th business day after the closing of an Initial Business Combination, warrant holders may, until such time
as there is an effective registration statement and during any period when the Company will have failed to maintain an effective
registration statement, exercise warrants on a “cashless basis” in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities
Act or another exemption. Notwithstanding the above, if the Class A common stock is at the time of any exercise of a warrant not
listed on a national securities exchange such that it satisfies the definition of a “covered security” under Section
18(b)(1) of the Securities Act, the Company may, at its option, require holders of Public Warrants who exercise their warrants
to do so on a “cashless basis” in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act and, in the event the Company
so elects, the Company will not be required to file or maintain in effect a registration statement, and in the event the Company
does not so elect, the Company will use its best efforts to register or qualify the shares under applicable blue sky laws to the
extent an exemption is not available. If that exemption, or another exemption, is not available, holders will not be able to exercise
their warrants on a cashless basis. The Public Warrants will expire five years after the completion of an Initial Business Combination
or earlier upon redemption or liquidation. Once
the warrants become exercisable, the Company may redeem the Public Warrants: ● | in whole and not in part; ● | at a price of $0.01 per warrant; ● | upon a minimum of 30 days’ prior written notice of redemption; and ● | if, and only if, the reported last sale price of the Company’s Class A common stock equals or exceeds $18.00 per share for any 20 trading days within a 30-trading day period ending three business days before the Company sends the notice of redemption to the warrant holders. ● | If, and only if, there is a current registration statement in effect with respect to the shares of Class A common stock underlying such warrants. The
Private Placement Warrants are identical to the Public Warrants underlying the Units sold in the Initial Public Offering, except
that the Private Placement Warrants and the Class A common stock issuable upon the exercise of the Private Placement Warrants
will not be transferable, assignable or salable until 30 days after the completion of an Initial Business Combination, subject
to certain limited exceptions. Additionally, the Private Placement Warrants will be exercisable on a cashless basis and be non-redeemable
so long as they are held by the initial purchasers or their permitted transferees. If the Private Placement Warrants are held
by someone other than the initial purchasers or their permitted transferees, the Private Placement Warrants will be redeemable
by the Company and exercisable by such holders on the same basis as the Public Warrants. In
addition, if the Company issues additional shares of common stock or equity-linked securities for capital raising purposes in
connection with the closing of an Initial Business Combination at a newly issued price of less than $9.20 per share of common
stock (with such issue price or effective issue price to be determined in good faith by the Company’s board of directors,
and in the case of any such issuance to the Company’s initial stockholders or their respective affiliates, without taking
into account any Founder Shares held by them, as applicable, prior to such issuance), the exercise price of the Public Warrants
will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to 115% of the newly issued price. If
the Company calls the Public Warrants for redemption, management will have the option to require all holders that wish to exercise
the Public Warrants to do so on a “cashless basis,” as described in the warrant agreement. The exercise price and
number of shares of Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants may be adjusted in certain circumstances including
in the event of a stock dividend, or recapitalization, reorganization, merger or consolidation. However, the warrants will not
be adjusted for issuance of Class A common stock at a price below its exercise price. Additionally, in no event will the Company
be required to net cash settle the warrants. If the Company is unable to complete an Initial Business Combination within the Combination
Period and the Company liquidates the funds held in the Trust Account, holders of warrants will not receive any of such funds
with respect to their warrants, nor will they receive any distribution from the Company’s assets held outside of the Trust
Account with the respect to such warrants. Accordingly, the warrants may expire worthless. F- 14 TRINE
 ACQUISITION CORP. NOTES
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS DECEMBER
31, 2019 AND 2018 Note
8 — Income Tax The
Company’s net deferred tax liability at December 31, 2019 is as follows: Deferred tax liability
Unrealized gain on marketable securities held in the Trust Account | $ | (35,655 | )
Total deferred tax liability | (35,655 | ) The
income tax provision for the year ended December 31, 2019 consists of the following: Federal
Current | $ | 690,380
Deferred | 35,655
State
Current | $ | —
Deferred | —
Income tax provision | $ | 726,035 As
of December 31, 2019, the Company did not have any U.S. federal and state net operating loss carryovers (“NOLs”) available
to offset future taxable income. A
reconciliation of the federal income tax rate to the Company’s effective tax rate at December 31, 2019 is as follows: Statutory federal income tax rate | 21.0 | %
State taxes, net of federal tax benefit | 0.0 | %
Income tax provision | 21.0 | % The
Company files income tax returns in the U.S. federal jurisdiction and is subject to examination by the various taxing authorities.
The Company’s tax returns since inception remain open and subject to examination. Note
9 — Fair Value Measurements The
Company follows the guidance in ASC 820 for its financial assets and liabilities that are re-measured and reported at fair value
at each reporting period, and non-financial assets and liabilities that are re-measured and reported at fair value at least annually. F- 15 TRINE
ACQUISITION CORP. NOTES
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS DECEMBER
31, 2019 AND 2018 The
fair value of the Company’s financial assets and liabilities reflects management’s estimate of amounts that the Company
would have received in connection with the sale of the assets or paid in connection with the transfer of the liabilities in an
orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. In connection with measuring the fair value of its assets
and liabilities, the Company seeks to maximize the use of observable inputs (market data obtained from independent sources) and
to minimize the use of unobservable inputs (internal assumptions about how market participants would price assets and liabilities).
The following fair value hierarchy is used to classify assets and liabilities based on the observable inputs and unobservable
inputs used in order to value the assets and liabilities: Level 1: | Quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities. An active market for an asset or liability is a market in which transactions for the asset or liability occur with sufficient frequency and volume to provide pricing information on an ongoing basis.
Level 2: | Observable inputs other than Level 1 inputs. Examples of Level 2 inputs include quoted prices in active markets for similar assets or liabilities and quoted prices for identical assets or liabilities in markets that are not active.
Level 3: | Unobservable inputs based on our assessment of the assumptions that market participants would use in pricing the asset or liability. The
following table presents information about the Company’s assets that are measured at fair value on a recurring basis at
December 31, 2019, and indicates the fair value hierarchy of the valuation inputs the Company utilized to determine such fair
value: Description | Level | December 31, 2019
Assets:
Marketable securities held in Trust Account | 1 | $ | 304,528,924 Note
10 — Subsequent Events The Company evaluated events and transactions that occurred after the balance sheet date up to the date that the financial statements were
issued. Other than as described in these financial statements and below, the Company did not identify any subsequent events that
would have required adjustment or disclosure in the financial statements. F-16