0001754820 false 0001754820 2022-05-13 2022-05-13 iso4217:USD xbrli:shares iso4217:USD xbrli:shares UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 FORM 8-K CURRENT REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13
OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE
ACT OF 1934 Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported): May
13, 2022 Desktop Metal, Inc. (Exact name of registrant as specified in its
charter) Delaware | 001-38835 | 83-2044042
(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation) | (Commission File Number) | (IRS Employer Identification No.) 63 Third Avenue Burlington , Massachusetts 01803 (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) ( 978 ) 224-1244 (Registrant’s telephone number, including
area code) N/A (Former name or former address, if changed
since last report) Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K is intended
to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions: ¨ | Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425) ¨ | Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12) ¨ | Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b)) ¨ | Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c)) Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Title of each class | Trading Symbol(s) | Name of each exchange on which registered
Class A Common Stock, par value $0.0001 per share | DM | New York Stock Exchange Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth
company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (§230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934 (§240.12b-2 of this chapter). Emerging
growth company ¨ If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for
complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. ¨ Item 1.01. Entry Into or Amendment of a Material
Definitive Agreement. Indenture and Notes On May 13, 2022, Desktop Metal, Inc. (the “ Company ”)
issued $100,000,000 principal amount of its 6.0% Convertible Senior Notes due 2027 (the “ Notes ”). The Notes were issued
pursuant to, and are governed by, an indenture (the “ Indenture ”), dated as of May 13, 2022, between the Company and
U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as trustee (the “ Trustee ”). Pursuant to the purchase agreement between
the Company and the initial purchasers of the Notes, the Company granted the initial purchasers an option to purchase, for settlement
within a period of 13 days from, and including, the date the Notes are first issued, up to an additional $15,000,000 principal amount
of Notes. The Notes will be the Company’s senior,
unsecured obligations and will be (i) equal in right of payment with the Company’s existing and future senior, unsecured indebtedness;
(ii) senior in right of payment to the Company’s existing and future indebtedness that is expressly subordinated to the Notes; (iii)
effectively subordinated to the Company’s existing and future secured indebtedness, to the extent of the value of the collateral
securing that indebtedness; and (iv) structurally subordinated to all existing and future indebtedness and other liabilities, including
trade payables, and (to the extent the Company is not a holder thereof) preferred equity, if any, of the Company’s subsidiaries. The Notes will accrue interest at a rate of
6.0% per annum, payable semi-annually in arrears on May 15 and November 15 of each year, beginning on November 15, 2022. The Notes
will mature on May 15, 2027, unless earlier repurchased, redeemed or converted. Before November 15, 2026, noteholders will have the
right to convert their Notes only upon the occurrence of certain events and during specified periods. From and after November 15, 2026,
noteholders may convert their Notes at any time at their election until the close of business on the second scheduled trading day
immediately before the maturity date. The Company will settle conversions by paying or delivering cash and, if applicable, shares of
its Class A common stock. The initial conversion rate is 601.5038 shares of Class A common stock per $1,000 principal amount of
Notes, which represents an initial conversion price of approximately $1.66 per share of Class A common stock. The conversion rate
and conversion price will be subject to customary adjustments upon the occurrence of certain events. In addition, if certain
corporate events that constitute a “Make-Whole Fundamental Change” (as defined in the Indenture) occur, then the
conversion rate will, in certain circumstances, be increased for a specified period of time. - 2 - The Notes will be redeemable, in whole or in
part (subject to certain limitations described below), at the Company’s option at any time, and from time to time, on or after
May 20, 2025, and on or before the 40th scheduled trading day immediately before the maturity date, but only if certain liquidity
conditions are satisfied and the last reported sale price per share of the Company’s Class A common stock exceeds 130% of the
conversion price on (i) each of at least 20 trading days, whether or not consecutive, during the 30 consecutive trading days ending
on, and including, the trading day immediately before the date the Company sends the related redemption notice; and (ii) the trading
day immediately before the date the Company sends such notice. However, the Company may not redeem less than all of the outstanding
notes unless at least $100.0 million aggregate principal amount of notes are outstanding and not called for redemption as of the
time the Company sends the related redemption notice. The redemption price will be a cash amount equal to the principal amount of
the Notes to be redeemed, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to, but excluding, the redemption date. In addition, calling any
Note for redemption will constitute a Make-Whole Fundamental Change with respect to that Note, in which case the conversion rate
applicable to the conversion of that Note will be increased in certain circumstances if it is converted after it is called for
redemption. If certain corporate events that constitute a
“Fundamental Change” (as defined in the Indenture) occur, then, subject to a limited exception for certain cash mergers, noteholders
may require the Company to repurchase their Notes at a cash repurchase price equal to the principal amount of the Notes to be repurchased,
plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to, but excluding, the fundamental change repurchase date. The definition of Fundamental Change
includes certain business combination transactions involving the Company and certain de-listing events with respect to the Company’s
Class A common stock. The Notes have customary provisions relating to
the occurrence of “Events of Default” (as defined in the Indenture), which include the following: (i) certain payment defaults
on the Notes (which, in the case of a default in the payment of interest on the Notes, will be subject to a 30-day cure period); (ii)
the Company’s failure to send certain notices under the Indenture within specified periods of time; (iii) the Company’s failure
to convert a Note upon the exercise of the conversion right with respect to such Note, subject to a three business-day cure period; (iv)
the Company’s failure to comply with certain covenants in the Indenture relating to the Company’s ability to consolidate with
or merge with or into, or sell, lease or otherwise transfer, in one transaction or a series of transactions, all or substantially all
of the assets of the Company and its subsidiaries, taken as a whole, to another person; (v) a default by the Company in its other obligations
or agreements under the Indenture or the Notes if such default is not cured or waived within 60 days after notice is given in accordance
with the Indenture; (vi) certain defaults by the Company or any of its subsidiaries with respect to indebtedness for money borrowed of
at least $25,000,000; and (vii) certain events of bankruptcy, insolvency and reorganization involving the Company or any of its significant
subsidiaries. If an Event of Default involving bankruptcy, insolvency
or reorganization events with respect to the Company (and not solely with respect to a significant subsidiary of the Company) occurs,
then the principal amount of, and all accrued and unpaid interest on, all of the Notes then outstanding will immediately become due and
payable without any further action or notice by any person. If any other Event of Default occurs and is continuing, then, the Trustee,
by notice to the Company, or noteholders of at least 25% of the aggregate principal amount of Notes then outstanding, by notice to the
Company and the Trustee, may declare the principal amount of, and all accrued and unpaid interest on, all of the Notes then outstanding
to become due and payable immediately. However, notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company may elect, at its option, that the sole remedy
for an Event of Default relating to certain failures by the Company to comply with certain reporting covenants in the Indenture consists
exclusively of the right of the noteholders to receive special interest on the Notes for up to 180 days at a specified rate per annum
not exceeding 1.00% on the principal amount of the Notes. - 3 - The above description of the Indenture and the
Notes is a summary and is not complete. A copy of the Indenture and the form of the certificate representing the Notes are filed as exhibits
4.1 and 4.2, respectively, to this Current Report on Form 8-K, and the above summary is qualified by reference to the terms of the Indenture
and the Notes set forth in such exhibits. Item 2.03. Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation
or an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement. The disclosure set forth in Item 1.01 above is
incorporated by reference into this Item 2.03. Item 3.02. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities. The disclosure set forth in Item 1.01 above is
incorporated by reference into this Item 3.02. The Notes were issued to the initial purchasers in reliance upon Section 4(a)(2) of the
Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “ Securities Act ”), in transactions not involving any public offering. The Notes
were resold by the initial purchasers to persons whom the initial purchasers reasonably believe are “qualified institutional buyers,”
as defined in, and in accordance with, Rule 144A under the Securities Act. Any shares of the Company’s Class A common stock that
may be issued upon conversion of the Notes will be issued in reliance upon Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act as involving an exchange
by the Company exclusively with its security holders. Assuming the initial purchasers fully exercise their option to purchase additional
Notes, initially, a maximum of 86,466,154 shares of the Company’s Class A common stock may be issued upon conversion
of the Notes, based on the initial maximum conversion rate of 751.8796 shares of Class A common stock per $1,000 principal amount of Notes,
which is subject to customary anti-dilution adjustment provisions. Item 9.01. Financial Statements and Exhibits. Exhibits Exhibit Number | Description
4.1 | Indenture, dated as of May 13, 2022, between Desktop Metal, Inc. and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as trustee.
4.2 | Form of certificate representing the 6.0% Convertible Senior Notes due 2027 (included as Exhibit A to Exhibit 4.1).
104 | Cover page interactive data file (embedded within the inline XBRL document). - 4 - SIGNATURE Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly
authorized. Dated: May 13, 2022 | Desktop Metal, Inc.
By: | /s/ Meg Broderick
Name: | Meg Broderick
Title: | General Counsel and Corporate Secretary - 5 -