                                                                                                                                                       Moody’s: Aaa
                                                                                                                                              Standard & Poor’s: AA+
NEW ISSUE – Book-Entry Only                                                                                                                       See “Ratings” herein
       Interest on the Bonds is not excludable from the gross income of holders under Section 103 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as
 amended. See “TAX MATTERS” herein for a more detailed summary of certain U.S. federal income tax consequences of owning the Bonds.




                                                     $100,535,000
                                            MAIMONIDES MEDICAL CENTER
                                GNMA COLLATERALIZED TAXABLE REVENUE BONDS, SERIES 2013
Dated: Date of Delivery                                                                                             Due: As shown below
          Maimonides Medical Center (the “Issuer”) is issuing $100,535,000 aggregate principal amount of its GNMA Collateralized
Taxable Revenue Bonds, Series 2013 (the “Series 2013 Bonds”) pursuant to a Trust Indenture, dated as of March 1, 2013 (the
“Indenture”), by and between the Issuer and U.S. Bank National Association, located in New York, New York, as trustee (the “Trustee”).
The proceeds of the Series 2013 Bonds will be used to (i) acquire the GNMA Securities described below, and (ii) pay certain expenses
incurred in connection with the issuance of the Series 2013 Bonds.
          The Series 2013 Bonds will be issued as fully registered bonds in denominations of $5,000 or any integral multiple thereof.
Interest on the Series 2013 Bonds will be payable on each March 20 and September 20, commencing September 20, 2013 until their
maturity or earlier redemption thereof by check mailed to the registered owners of the Series 2013 Bonds as of the Record Date, as
described herein. Principal payments will be payable on March 20 and September 20 as described herein.
          The Series 2013 Bonds will be issued initially under a Book-Entry Only System, registered in the name of Cede & Co., as
nominee for The Depository Trust Company (“DTC”). Individual purchases of beneficial interests in the Series 2013 Bonds will be made
in book-entry form (without certificates). So long as DTC or its nominee is the registered owner of the Series 2013 Bonds, (i) principal
payments and Redemption Price of, and interest on the Series 2013 Bonds will be made directly to DTC or its nominee, and (ii) all
references in this Official Statement to Bondowners or registered owners shall mean Cede Co., not the beneficial owners of the Series 2013
Bonds. Disbursement of payments to DTC participants is the responsibility of DTC and disbursement of such payments to the beneficial
owners is the responsibility of DTC participants. See “THE SERIES 2013 BONDS - Book-Entry Only System” herein.
          The Series 2013 Bonds have not been registered under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”), or any state
securities laws. The Series 2013 Bonds constitute exempt securities under Section 3(a)(4) of the Securities Act and, as a result, the Series
2013 Bonds and their offering to the public are exempt from registration under the Securities Act of 1933.
          The Issuer will enter into a Financing Agreement (the “Financing Agreement”) with the Trustee and Prudential Huntoon Paige
Associates, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (the “Lender”), pursuant to which the Lender will (i) modify two existing FHA-
insured mortgage loans with the Issuer (the “Mortgage Loans”) and (ii) issue and deliver to the Trustee two fully modified pass-through
mortgage-backed securities in respect of the Mortgage Loans (the “GNMA Securities”) which are guaranteed as to timely payment of
principal and interest by the Government National Mortgage Association (“GNMA”). See “SECURITY AND SOURCES OF PAYMENT
FOR THE SERIES 2013 BONDS” herein.
          Timely payment of principal of, and interest on, the GNMA Securities is guaranteed by GNMA pursuant to Section 306(g) of Title
III of the National Housing Act. Section 306(g) provides that “The full faith and credit of the United States is pledged to the payment of
all amounts which may be required to be paid under any guaranty under this subsection” and an opinion, dated December 12, 1969, of an
Assistant Attorney General of the United States, recites that such guaranties “constitute general obligations of the United States backed by
its full faith and credit”.
          The Series 2013 Bonds are payable solely from the amounts available under the Indenture, primarily constituting moneys
derived from the GNMA Securities and certain funds held by the Trustee, including the investment income thereon. The Series
2013 Bonds do not constitute a debt of, or a pledge of the faith and credit of, the United States of America, the Department of
Housing and Urban Development (“HUD”), GNMA, the Federal Housing Administration (“FHA”) or any other federal
governmental agency.
          The Series 2013 Bonds are subject to redemption prior to maturity as more fully described in this Official Statement and in such
event, investors who purchase Series 2013 Bonds at a price in excess of par risk the loss of any premium paid. See “THE SERIES 2013
BONDS – Redemption of the Series 2013 Bonds – Early Redemption and Loss of Premium” herein.
        $100,535,000                3.30% Term Bond Due March 20, 2032                                Price 103.196%                         CUSIP 56033AAA81
         The Series 2013 Bonds are offered when, as and if issued and received by the Underwriter. The offer of the Series 2013 Bonds
may be withdrawn or modified at any time without notice and is subject to the approval of legality by Eichner Norris & Neumann PLLC,
Washington, D.C., Transaction Counsel, and to certain other conditions. Certain legal matters will be passed upon for the Underwriter by
its counsel, Harris Beach PLLC, New York, New York; for the Issuer by its counsel, Arent Fox LLP, New York, New York, and by its Senior
Vice President for Legal Affairs and General Counsel, Joyce A. Leahy, Esq.; and for the Lender by its special counsel, Krooth & Altman
LLP, Washington, D.C. The Series 2013 Bonds are expected to be delivered in book-entry only form on or about March 21, 2013.

                                                                 BofA Merrill Lynch
February 27, 2013
_________________________________
1. Copyright American Bankers Association. CUSIP numbers have been assigned at the time of issuance of the Series 2013 Bonds by Standard & Poor’s, CUSIP Service
Bureau, a division of The McGraw-Hill Companies, Inc., an independent company not affiliated with the Issuer. CUSIP numbers are provided solely for the convenience of
the holders of the Series 2013 Bonds and no representations are made with respect to the selection or uses of, nor does any party undertake any responsibility for the accuracy
of, the CUSIP numbers now or at any time in the future. The CUSIP number is subject to being changed after the issuance of the Series 2013 Bonds as a result of various
subsequent actions including, but not limited to, a refunding in part or as a result of the procurement of secondary market portfolio insurance or other similar enhancement by
investors for such maturity.
         No dealer, broker, salesperson or other person has been authorized by the Issuer or the Underwriters to give any
information or to make any representations with respect to the Series 2013 Bonds, other than the information and representations
contained in this Official Statement. If given or made, such information or representations must not be relied upon as having been
authorized by either of the foregoing.
          This Official Statement does not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy nor shall there be a sale of
the Series 2013 Bonds by any person in any jurisdiction in which it is unlawful for such person to make such offer, solicitation, or
sale. The Series 2013 Bonds have not been registered under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the Indenture has not
been qualified under the Trust Indenture Act of 1939, as amended, in reliance upon exemptions contained in such acts. The
registration or qualification of the Series 2013 Bonds in accordance with applicable provisions of securities laws of the states in
which the Series 2013 Bonds have been registered or qualified, if any, and the exemption from registration or qualification in
other states cannot be regarded as a recommendation thereof. Neither these states nor any of their agencies have passed upon
the merits of the Series 2013 Bonds or the accuracy or completeness of this Official Statement. This Official Statement has not
been reviewed, approved or disapproved, nor has the accuracy or adequacy of the information set forth herein been passed upon,
by the Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”) or any state securities administrator. Any representation to the
contrary may be a criminal offense.
           This offering is subject to withdrawal, cancellation or modification by the Issuer without notice. The Issuer reserves the
right, in its sole discretion, to cancel this offering in whole or in part for any reason.
          No person, other than as provided for herein, has been authorized to give any information or to make any representations
other than those contained in this Official Statement in connection with the offer being made hereby, and if given or made, such
information or representations must not be relied upon as having been authorized by the Issuer. Although the Issuer has an
internet website, the information contained thereon is not a part of this Official Statement and should not be relied upon in making
an investment decision.
         Prospective investors are not to construe the contents of this Official Statement as legal, investment or tax advice.
Prospective investors should consult their advisors as to legal, investment, tax and related matters concerning an investment by
such prospective investors in the Series 2013 Bonds.
          To the extent that this Official Statement contains summaries of certain provisions of documents or of various provisions
of relevant statutes and regulations, such summaries do not purport to be complete and are qualified in their entirety by reference
to the texts of the original documents, statutes and regulations that are available upon request. If descriptions or terms in this
Official Statement are inconsistent or contrary to descriptions or terms in such agreements or statutes, then the full agreement or
statute, and not the summary contained in this Official Statement, shall control.
         Certain information contained herein has been obtained from published sources and/or prepared by other parties. While
such sources are believed to be reliable, neither the Issuer nor any other person assumes any responsibility for the accuracy of
such information.
         Certain of the information contained herein represents or is based upon forward-looking statements or information. The
Issuer believes that such statements and information are based upon reasonable estimates and/or assumptions. However, forward-
looking statements and information are inherently uncertain, and factors such as those described in “RISK FACTORS AND
REGULATORY PROVISIONS WHICH MAY AFFECT THE MEDICAL CENTER OR THE SERIES 2013 BONDS” and other
factors may cause actual events or results to differ from those projected. Therefore, undue reliance should not be placed on such
forward-looking statements and information.
          The Issuer has reviewed the information in this Official Statement, including the Appendices thereto except for (i) the
sections of this Official Statement described in the next two paragraphs, (ii) the information in the sections of this Official
Statement entitled “THE SERIES 2013 BONDS — Book-Entry Only System, “TAX MATTERS” and “RATINGS”), and (iii) the
information in Appendices D through F. The Issuer will certify, as of the date of sale and the date of delivery of the Series 2013
Bonds, that such information (other than the excluded information described in clause (i) through (iii) or this paragraph) does not
contain any untrue statements of a material fact and does not omit any material fact necessary to make the statements made
therein, in light of the circumstances under which the statements are made, not misleading. The Issuer makes no representation
as to the accuracy or completeness of any other information included in this Official Statement.
          The Lender has reviewed the information in the sections of this Official Statement entitled “INTRODUCTORY
STATEMENT - Description of Plan of Refinancing” (to the extent it relates to its role as Lender, the issuance of the GNMA
Securities, the GNMA Guaranty Agreement and the FHA Documents), “PLAN OF REFINANCING” (to the extent it relates to its
role as Lender, the issuance of the GNMA Securities, the GNMA Guaranty Agreement and the FHA Documents), “GNMA
SECURITIES”, “CERTAIN PROVISIONS OF THE FHA DOCUMENTS”, “THE LENDER” and “RISK FACTORS AND
REGULATORY PROVISIONS WHICH MAY AFFECT THE MEDICAL CENTER OR THE SERIES 2013 BONDS” (to the extent it
relates to its role as Lender, the issuance of the GNMA Securities, the GNMA Guaranty Agreement and the FHA Documents), and


                                                                    i
will certify, as of the date of sale and the date of delivery of the Series 2013 Bonds, that such information does not contain any
untrue statements of a material fact and does not omit any material fact necessary to make the statements made therein, in light of
the circumstances under which the statements are made, not misleading. The Lender makes no representation as to the accuracy
or completeness of any other information included in this Official Statement.
          The Underwriter has reviewed the information in the section of this Official Statement entitled “UNDERWRITING”, and
will certify, as of the date of sale and the date of delivery of the Series 2013 Bonds, that such information does not contain any
untrue statements of a material fact and does not omit any material fact necessary to make the statements made therein, in light of
the circumstances under which the statements are made, not misleading. The Underwriter makes no representation as to the
accuracy or completeness of any other information included in this Official Statement.
         References in this Official Statement to the Indenture, the GNMA Guaranty Agreement, the FHA Documents, the
Financing Agreement and the GNMA Securities do not purport to be complete. Reference is made to the Indenture, the GNMA
Guaranty Agreement, the FHA Documents, the Financing Agreement and the GNMA Securities for full and complete details of
their provisions. Copies of the Indenture, the primary FHA Documents and the Financing Agreement are on file with DAC and
the Trustee. Information regarding the GNMA Securities is on file with the Lender.
         The order and placement of material in this Official Statement, including its appendices, are not to be deemed a
determination of relevance, materiality or importance, and all material in this Official Statement, including the appendices, must
be considered in its entirety.
          Under no circumstances shall the delivery of this Official Statement, or any sale made after its delivery, create any
implication that the affairs of the GNMA, FHA, HUD, the Lender or the Issuer have remained unchanged after the date of this
Official Statement.
       IN CONNECTION WITH THE OFFERING OF THE SERIES 2013 BONDS, THE UNDERWRITER MAY
OVERALLOT OR EFFECT TRANSACTIONS WHICH STABILIZE OR MAINTAIN THE MARKET PRICE OF SUCH
BONDS AT LEVELS ABOVE THOSE WHICH MIGHT OTHERWISE PREVAIL IN THE OPEN MARKET. SUCH
STABILIZING, IF COMMENCED, MAY BE DISCONTINUED AT ANY TIME.




                                                                ii
[This page intentionally left blank]
                                                         TABLE OF CONTENTS

INTRODUCTORY STATEMENT .............................................................................................................. 1

PLAN OF REFINANCING .......................................................................................................................... 2

THE SERIES 2013 BONDS ......................................................................................................................... 3

GNMA SECURITIES ................................................................................................................................. 10

CERTAIN PROVISIONS OF THE FHA DOCUMENTS ......................................................................... 13

FHA-INSURED INDEBTEDNESS OF THE ISSUER.............................................................................. 15

ESTIMATED SOURCES AND USES OF FUNDS .................................................................................. 16

THE LENDER ............................................................................................................................................ 16

RISK FACTORS AND REGULATORY PROVISIONS WHICH MAY AFFECT THE
  MEDICAL CENTER OR THE SERIES 2013 BONDS ......................................................................... 16

TAX MATTERS ......................................................................................................................................... 44

RATINGS ................................................................................................................................................... 47

GNMA, HUD AND FHA NOT LIABLE ON THE SERIES 2013 BONDS ............................................. 48

LEGAL MATTERS .................................................................................................................................... 48

UNDERWRITING ..................................................................................................................................... 48

CONTINUING DISCLOSURE .................................................................................................................. 49

ABSENCE OF LITIGATION .................................................................................................................... 50

MISCELLANEOUS ................................................................................................................................... 50

APPENDIX A – MAIMONIDES MEDICAL CENTER ............................................................................A-1
APPENDIX B – AUDITED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF THE MEDICAL CENTER
             AND AUDITOR’S REPORT AS OF AND FOR THE YEARS ENDED
             DECEMBER 31, 2011 AND 2010 .................................................................................. B-1
APPENDIX C – UNAUDITED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF THE MEDICAL CENTER
             AS OF NOVEMBER 30, 2012 AND FOR THE ELEVEN MONTH PERIODS
             ENDED NOVEMBER 30, 2012 AND 2011 ................................................................... C-1
APPENDIX D – CERTAIN DEFINITIONS ...............................................................................................D-1
APPENDIX E – SUMMARY OF CERTAIN PROVISIONS OF THE INDENTURE .............................. E-1
APPENDIX F – SUMMARY OF CERTAIN PROVISIONS OF THE FINANCING AGREEMENT ...... F-1
APPENDIX G – FORM OF CONTINUING DISCLOSURE AGREEMENT ...........................................G-1
APPENDIX H – FORM OF APPROVING OPINION OF TRANSACTION COUNSEL .........................H-1
[This page intentionally left blank]
                                    OFFICIAL STATEMENT

                                              relating to

                          $100,535,000
                  MAIMONIDES MEDICAL CENTER
          GNMA COLLATERALIZED TAXABLE REVENUE BONDS,
                          SERIES 2013

                                  INTRODUCTORY STATEMENT

Purpose of the Official Statement

        The purpose of this Official Statement, including the cover page and appendices hereto, is to set
forth certain information concerning Maimonides Medical Center (the “Issuer” or the “Medical Center”)
and its $100,535,000 GNMA Collateralized Taxable Revenue Bonds, Series 2013 (the “Series 2013
Bonds”).

       The following is a brief description of certain information concerning the Series 2013 Bonds, the
GNMA Securities, the Issuer and Prudential Huntoon Paige Associates, LLC, a Delaware limited liability
company (the “Lender”). A more complete description of such information and additional information
that may affect decisions to invest in the Series 2013 Bonds are contained throughout this Official
Statement, which should be read in its entirety.

Authorization of Issuance

        The Series 2013 Bonds will be issued pursuant to the Trust Indenture dated as of March 1, 2013
(the “Indenture”), by and between the Issuer and U.S. Bank National Association, located in New York,
New York, as trustee (the “Trustee”). All references to funds and accounts in this Official Statement are
to those funds and accounts authorized to be created pursuant to the Indenture. See “THE SERIES 2013
BONDS”.

Description of Plan of Refinancing

         The Issuer will enter into a Financing Agreement (the “Financing Agreement”) with the Trustee
and the Lender, pursuant to which the Lender will modify two existing mortgage loans with the Issuer
that are insured by the Federal Housing Administration (“FHA”), an organizational unit within the United
States Department of Housing and Urban Development (collectively the “Mortgage Loans”) pursuant to
Section 242 and Section 241, respectively, of the National Housing Act of 1934, as amended (the
“National Housing Act”). The Mortgage Loans are evidenced by the Issuer’s mortgage notes
(collectively, as amended, the “Mortgage Notes”), and secured by FHA-insured mortgages on certain real
property owned by the Issuer. The FHA-insured mortgages made with respect to the Mortgage Loans
(collectively, as amended, the “Mortgages”) currently secure the Mortgage Notes which evidence two
loans made with the proceeds of the Dormitory Authority of the State of New York (“DASNY”)
Maimonides Medical Center FHA-Insured Mortgage Hospital Revenue Bonds, Series 1996 (the “Series
1996 Bonds”) and the Maimonides Medical Center FHA-Insured Mortgage Hospital Revenue Bonds,
Series 2004 (the “Series 2004 Bonds”). The Mortgages and the Mortgage Notes will be assigned by
DASNY to the Lender upon the defeasance of the Series 1996 Bonds and the Series 2004 Bonds on the
date of delivery of the Series 2013 Bonds. Following the assignment of the Mortgages and the Mortgage
Notes to the Lender, the Lender will issue, sell and deliver to the Trustee two fully modified pass-through
mortgage-backed securities in the form of Project Loan Certificates (the “PLCs” or the “GNMA
Securities”) in respect of the Mortgage Loans. The GNMA Securities are guaranteed as to timely
payment of principal and interest by the Government National Mortgage Association (“GNMA”) and
such guaranty is further backed by the full faith and credit of the United States of America. Substantially
all of the proceeds of the Series 2013 Bonds (including those derived from original issue premium), will
be used to purchase the GNMA Securities from the Lender. See “ESTIMATED SOURCES AND USES
OF FUNDS” herein. As a result, in the event the GNMA Securities are not delivered by April 4, 2013
(unless such date shall be extended pursuant to the terms of the Indenture), the Series 2013 Bonds shall be
subject to a Special Mandatory Redemption (described herein), and investors will lose any original issue
premium paid in connection with their purchase of the Series 2013 Bonds.

         The GNMA Securities acquired by the Trustee, on behalf of the Issuer, will be deposited by the
Trustee into the Bond Fund and pledged as security for the payment of principal of and interest on the
Series 2013 Bonds. The GNMA Securities will be dated and bear interest from the first day of the month
in which they are issued. Interest on the GNMA Securities for any given month is payable on the
fifteenth day of the following month commencing and is payable at the Pass-Through Rate (which is
equal to the interest rate on the Mortgage Notes less the GNMA guaranty fee and the servicing fee paid to
the Lender).

        The principal of, and redemption premium, if any, and interest on the Series 2013 Bonds are
primarily payable from the payments on the PLCs. In addition to the pledge of the PLCs, the Issuer will
pledge and grant a security interest to the Trustee in all moneys, securities and instruments held from time
to time under the Indenture. The Series 2013 Bonds and the security therefor are more fully described
below under “THE SERIES 2013 BONDS”.

        The Series 2013 Bonds are payable solely from the amounts available under the Indenture,
primarily constituting moneys derived from the GNMA Securities and certain funds held by the
Trustee, including the investment income thereon. The Series 2013 Bonds do not constitute an
obligation or indebtedness of, and the payment of the Series 2013 Bonds is not insured or
guaranteed by, the United States of America or any agency or instrumentality thereof, including
GNMA, HUD or FHA.

The Series 2013 Bonds

         The Series 2013 Bonds will be dated their date of delivery and will bear interest from such date,
payable on September 20, 2013 and on each March 20 and September 20 thereafter until their maturity or
earlier redemption thereof, at the rates set forth on the cover page of this Official Statement. See “THE
SERIES 2013 BONDS”.

The Issuer

       The Issuer is a not-for-profit corporation which is exempt from federal income tax as an
organization described in Section 501(c)(3) of the Internal Revenue of Code of 1986, as amended (the
“Code”). See “APPENDIX A – MAIMONIDES MEDICAL CENTER”.

                                       PLAN OF REFINANCING

Application of Series 2013 Bond Proceeds and Other Moneys

        Substantially all of the proceeds of the Series 2013 Bonds (other than those derived from original
issue premium) will be deposited in the Acquisition Fund. In the event that the PLCs are not delivered by
April 4, 2013 (the “GNMA Securities Delivery Date”) (unless such date shall be extended pursuant to the


                                                     2
terms of the Indenture), amounts deposited into the Acquisition Fund shall be transferred to the Bond
Fund for the redemption of the Series 2013 Bonds on a date not later than April 19, 2013. See “THE
SERIES 2013 BONDS - Redemption of the Series 2013 Bonds – Special Mandatory Redemption”.

        The funds deposited in the Acquisition Fund will be invested in Qualified Investments. It is
currently expected that funds deposited in the Acquisition Fund will be applied to the purchase of the
PLCs from the Lender on or before the GNMA Securities Delivery Date. A portion of the amounts on
deposit in the Bond Fund will be used to pay accrued interest on the PLCs upon purchase thereof. In the
event the GNMA Securities become subject to a Special Mandatory Redemption (described herein) are
not delivered by April 4, 2013 (unless such date shall be extended pursuant to the terms of the Indenture),
and the Series 2013 Bonds shall be redeemed on a date not later than April 19, 2013, investors will lose
any original issue premium paid in connection with their purchase of the Series 2013 Bonds

        The New York State Department of Health approved the plan of refinancing on October 25, 2012.

Payment of the Series 2013 Bonds

       The GNMA Securities will bear interest at the Pass-Through Rate, and the Lender will pass
through principal payments on the Mortgage Notes as principal payments on the GNMA Securities. See
“THE SERIES 2013 BONDS - Redemption of the Series 2013 Bonds”.

        The Indenture provides that the Trustee shall apply amounts on deposit in the Bond Fund on each
Interest Payment Date (or any other date on which Series 2013 Bonds are to be redeemed) to pay the
principal of (whether at maturity or by mandatory redemption), premium, if any, and interest on the Series
2013 Bonds that are payable in accordance therewith.

                                       THE SERIES 2013 BONDS

Description of the Series 2013 Bonds

         The Series 2013 Bonds will be issued as fully registered bonds in the aggregate principal amount
set forth on the cover page hereof. The Series 2013 Bonds will be dated their date of delivery and will
bear interest from such date payable on September 20, 2013 and on each March 20 and September 20
thereafter until their maturity or earlier redemption thereof, and will bear interest at the rates and mature
on the dates set forth on the cover page hereof. Interest on the Series 2013 Bonds shall accrue based upon
a 360-day year of twelve 30-day months.

       The Series 2013 Bonds will be issued in denominations of $5,000 or any integral multiple thereof.
The Series 2013 Bonds will be registered in the name of Cede & Co., as nominee of DTC, pursuant to
DTC’s Book-Entry Only System. Purchase of beneficial interests in the Series 2013 Bonds will be made
in book-entry form, without certificates. See “THE SERIES 2013 BONDS - Book-Entry Only System”.

        Principal of and premium, if any, on the Bonds shall be paid only upon presentation and surrender
thereof for cancellation at the Trust Office of the Trustee. Payment of the interest on each Bond shall be
made by check mailed by first class mail to the person entitled thereto at its address as it appears on the
Bond Register. For so long as the Bonds shall not be held in book-entry only form, upon the request of a
registered owner of at least $1,000,000 principal amount of Outstanding Bonds, all payments of interest
on the Bonds owned by such registered owner shall be paid by wire transfer of immediately available
funds to an account designated in writing by such registered owner. CUSIP number identification with
appropriate dollar amounts for each CUSIP number must accompany all payments of principal, interest or
premium, whether by check or by wire transfer.


                                                     3
Security for the Series 2013 Bonds

       Prior to delivery of the GNMA Securities, moneys on deposit in the funds and accounts under the
Indenture will be invested in Qualified Investments.

        Within approximately 10 day following the assignment of the Mortgages and the Mortgage Notes
to the Lender, the Lender will issue, sell and deliver to the Trustee, and the Trustee will purchase with
substantially all of the net proceeds of the Series 2013 Bonds, two GNMA Securities that will secure the
Series 2013 Bonds.

         Upon delivery of the GNMA Securities, the Series 2013 Bonds will be secured by a pledge of (i)
the GNMA Securities and (ii) such other moneys and funds as may be made available to the Trustee
pursuant to the Financing Agreement and the Indenture. If the GNMA Securities are not delivered by the
GNMA Securities Delivery Date (as such date may be extended pursuant to the Indenture), the Series
2013 Bonds shall be called for Special Mandatory Redemption on April 19, 2013 (or such other date
permitted by the Indenture). See “THE SERIES 2013 BONDS - Redemption of the Series 2013 Bonds –
Special Mandatory Redemption”. The Issuer’s monthly payments on the Mortgage Notes (less the
servicing fee and the GNMA guaranty fee), which are secured by the Mortgages will be passed through
monthly by the Lender to the Trustee. The Trustee will hold such monthly payments and apply them to
interest and principal payments due on the Series 2013 Bonds.

        The Series 2013 Bonds are payable from the above-described sources. The guaranty of GNMA
of the payment of principal of and interest on the GNMA Securities relate only to the timely payment of
principal of and interest on the GNMA Securities and does not provide a guaranty of the payment of
principal of and interest on the Series 2013 Bonds; provided, however, that a failure to make a principal
amortization payment on the Series 2013 Bonds when due is an event of default under the Indenture.
Based on the Cash Flow Statement (as defined in the Indenture), it is anticipated that the interest on and
principal of the GNMA Securities and the Qualified Investments as described above will be sufficient to
pay interest on and principal of the Series 2013 Bonds.

        In the event the Issuer defaults under the provisions of the Mortgages and Mortgage Notes, the
Lender may make a claim for FHA mortgage insurance benefits. Mortgage insurance benefits for an
insured loan are payable by FHA in cash or debentures in an aggregate amount approximately equal to the
outstanding principal amount of a Mortgage Note. If FHA elects to make partial payments in cash, the
Lender may elect to pass through the initial payment to the Trustee in prepayment of the GNMA
Securities and to pay the remaining balance of the GNMA Securities by making the regularly scheduled
payments under the original amortization schedule without recasting the mortgage until the final payment
is received from FHA. When the final cash payment is received from FHA for the mortgage insurance
benefits, the Lender will use such cash, together with other funds of the Lender, to redeem the GNMA
Securities at par plus accrued interest. In the alternative, the Lender may elect to use such initial partial
cash payment, together with other funds of the Lender, to redeem the GNMA Securities in full the month
following receipt of such amount. Such moneys, together with any moneys on deposit in any Fund
established under the Indenture, shall be used to redeem the Series 2013 Bonds in accordance with the
terms of the Indenture. If FHA pays a claim in debentures, the Lender must transfer the debentures to
GNMA in return for GNMA reimbursing the Lender for interest on and principal of the Mortgage Note.

        The Series 2013 Bonds are payable solely from the amounts available under the Indenture,
primarily constituting moneys derived from the GNMA Securities and certain funds held by the
Trustee, including the investment income thereon. The Series 2013 Bonds do not constitute an
obligation or indebtedness of, and the payment of the Series 2013 Bonds is not insured or
guaranteed by, the United States of America or any agency or instrumentality thereof, including
GNMA, HUD or FHA.

                                                     4
Redemption of the Series 2013 Bonds

        The Series 2013 Bonds are subject to redemption prior to maturity as follows:

        Optional Redemption. The Series 2013 Bonds are subject to optional redemption prior to
maturity by the Issuer on any date on or after March 20, 2023, in whole or in part, from payments on the
GNMA Securities representing voluntary prepayments on the Mortgage Loans pursuant to the Financing
Agreement, whether from the proceeds of refunding bonds, other funds of the Issuer or otherwise, at a
redemption price of 100% of the principal amount thereof, plus accrued interest to the redemption date.

        Scheduled Mandatory Redemption. The Series 2013 Bonds are subject to scheduled mandatory
redemption on the respective Interest Payment Dates set forth in the table below, at a redemption price
equal to the principal amount thereof plus accrued interest to the redemption date, in the following
principal amounts, subject to pro rata reduction of such scheduled mandatory redemption payments
pursuant to the Indenture as described below under the heading “Selection of Bonds for Redemption” to
the extent that such Bonds are redeemed prior to maturity otherwise than pursuant to such scheduled
mandatory redemption:

                        Scheduled Mandatory                                 Scheduled Mandatory
                           Redemption of                                       Redemption of
   Payment Date         Series 2013 Principal           Payment Date        Series 2013 Principal
    Sept. 20, 2013           $1,855,000                 March 20, 2023           $2,470,000
   March 20, 2014              2,170,000                 Sept. 20, 2023            2,415,000
    Sept. 20, 2014             2,205,000                March 20, 2024             2,460,000
   March 20, 2015              2,250,000                 Sept. 20, 2024            2,500,000
    Sept. 20, 2015             2,285,000                March 20, 2025             2,545,000
   March 20, 2016              2,330,000                 Sept. 20, 2025            2,590,000
    Sept. 20, 2016             2,365,000                March 20, 2026             2,635,000
   March 20, 2017              2,410,000                 Sept. 20, 2026            2,685,000
    Sept. 20, 2017             2,450,000                March 20, 2027             2,730,000
   March 20, 2018              2,500,000                 Sept. 20, 2027            2,780,000
    Sept. 20, 2018             2,540,000                March 20, 2028             2,830,000
   March 20, 2019              2,585,000                 Sept. 20, 2028            2,875,000
    Sept. 20, 2019             2,630,000                March 20, 2029             2,935,000
   March 20, 2020              2,680,000                 Sept. 20, 2029            2,980,000
    Sept. 20, 2020             2,725,000                March 20, 2030             3,035,000
   March 20, 2021              2,780,000                 Sept. 20, 2030            3,090,000
    Sept. 20, 2021             2,820,000                March 20, 2031             3,145,000
   March 20, 2022              2,875,000                 Sept. 20, 2031            3,200,000
    Sept. 20, 2022             2,925,000                March 20, 2032†            3,255,000
____________
† Maturity.

       In the event of a partial redemption of Series 2013 Bonds, the Issuer agrees to deliver a revised
mandatory redemption schedule.

       Special Mandatory Redemption. The Series 2013 Bonds are subject to special mandatory
redemption on the earliest practicable date for which notice of redemption can be given by the Trustee
pursuant to the Indenture, at a redemption price equal to the principal amount thereof redeemed plus
accrued interest to the redemption date, but without premium, as follows:

                                                    5
        (a) In whole, on the fifteenth (15th) day after the GNMA Securities Delivery Date (as such date
may be extended pursuant to the provisions the Indenture), if one or both of the GNMA Securities are not
delivered to the Trustee on or before the GNMA Securities Delivery Date (as such date may be extended
pursuant to the provisions the Indenture).

        (b) As a whole or in part (and if in part, in incremental amounts of one dollar notwithstanding
the minimum authorized denomination of $5,000) on the earliest practicable date (but in no event longer
than 15 days from when the Trustee receives the funds) to the extent that the Trustee receives payments
on the GNMA Securities in excess of regularly scheduled payments (except payments representing
optional prepayments on the Mortgage Loans) including, but not limited to, payments representing:

        (i)    casualty insurance proceeds, condemnation awards or other amounts applied to the
               prepayment of the Mortgage Loans following a partial or total destruction or
               condemnation of either of the projects secured by the Mortgages in the event and to the
               extent that such amounts are not applied to the repair or restoration of the relevant
               project in accordance with the FHA Documents;
        (ii)   mortgage insurance proceeds or other amounts received with respect to the Mortgage
               Loans following the occurrence of an event of default under the FHA Documents;
        (iii) a mandatory prepayment of the Mortgage Loans required by the applicable rules,
              regulations, policies and procedures of FHA or GNMA (including the possible exercise
              by HUD of its right to override the prepayment and premium provisions of the
              Mortgage Notes under certain circumstances); or
        (iv) a prepayment of the Mortgage Loans if HUD determines that prepayment will avoid a
             mortgage insurance claim and is therefore in the best interest of the federal government.

        Selection of the Bonds for Redemption. In the event the Series 2013 Bonds are redeemed in part
and not in whole (other than from principal amortization payments resulting in scheduled mandatory
redemption of Series 2013 Bonds), the Series 2013 Bonds to be redeemed shall be selected by lot and the
scheduled mandatory redemption requirements for each maturity shall be adjusted so that the resulting
debt service on the Series 2013 Bonds (including scheduled mandatory redemption payments) during
each six month period commencing on each Interest Payment Date is proportional, as nearly as
practicable, to the payments on the GNMA Securities during each such six month period, provided
however, that any such adjustment to the debt service on the Series 2013 Bonds shall be conditioned upon
written confirmation from the Rating Agencies of the then current respective ratings on the Series 2013
Bonds.

        Except as otherwise described above, any Series 2013 Bonds to be called for redemption shall be
selected by the Trustee by lot, such selection to be made prior to the date on which notice of such
redemption must be given and Series 2013 Bonds shall be redeemed as soon as practicable after an event
causing a redemption shall have occurred.

         Notice of Redemption. Except as provided below, notice of redemption shall be mailed, first-class
postage prepaid, by the Trustee, not less than 10 days nor more than 30 days prior to the redemption date
(except as otherwise described below), to (a) the respective holders of any Series 2013 Bonds designated
for redemption at their addresses appearing on the bond registration books of the Trustee as of the Special
Record Date, and (b) Digital Assurance Certification LLC (“DAC”) as provided at www.dacbond.com.
Each notice of redemption shall state the date of such notice, the Regular Record Date or Special Record
Date, as applicable, the redemption date, the redemption price, the place or places of redemption
(including the name and appropriate address or addresses of the Trustee), the CUSIP number (if any), the
distinctive numbers of the Series 2013 Bonds to be redeemed and, in the case of Series 2013 Bonds to be

                                                     6
redeemed in part only, the respective portions of the principal amount thereof to be redeemed. Each such
notice shall also state that on said date there will become due and payable on each of said Series 2013
Bonds the redemption price thereof or of said specified portion of the principal amount thereof in the case
of a Series 2013 Bond to be redeemed in part only, together with interest accrued thereon to the
redemption date, and that from and after such redemption date interest thereon shall cease to accrue, and
shall require that such Series 2013 Bonds be then surrendered at the address of the Trustee specified in the
redemption notice.

        Notice of redemption of Series 2013 Bonds shall be given by the Trustee for and on behalf of, and
at the expense of, the Issuer. The Trustee shall mail a second notice to Bondholders with respect to any
Series 2013 Bond called for redemption but not tendered for redemption within 60 days of the redemption
date.

        Failure by the Trustee to give notice pursuant to the Indenture to DAC shall not affect the
sufficiency of the proceedings for redemption. Failure by the Trustee to mail notice of redemption
pursuant to the Indenture to any one or more of the respective holders of any Series 2013 Bonds
designated for redemption shall not affect the sufficiency of the proceedings for redemption with respect
to the Bondholder or Bondholders to whom such notice was mailed.

        Notwithstanding the foregoing or any other provision of the Indenture, in the event of a
redemption pursuant to the Indenture, the Trustee shall give notice of redemption of Series 2013 Bonds
not less than 10 days nor more than 15 days prior to such redemption immediately upon receipt of notice
of prepayment of the Mortgage Loans, in each case from the Lender in accordance with the Financing
Agreement. However, such notice of redemption shall not be required if the circumstances do not permit
the Trustee to give such notice in accordance with the preceding sentence, provided that the Trustee shall
give such notice as soon as practicable.

Early Redemption and Loss of Premium

        Purchasers of Series 2013 Bonds who purchase a Series 2013 Bond at a price in excess of its
principal amount or who hold such a Series 2013 Bond trading at a price in excess of par, should note that
the Series 2013 Bonds are subject to certain early redemptions at a redemption price equal only to their
principal amount plus accrued interest to the redemption date without any redemption premium or the
then market value of the Series 2013 Bonds. This could occur, for example, in the event (i) the GNMA
Securities are not delivered as currently contemplated, (ii) the Mortgage Notes are prepaid as a result of a
default, (iii) there is a default under the Mortgages, or (iv) condemnation or insurance payments with
respect to the Projects are received.

No Additional Bonds

        The Indenture does not authorize the issuance of other Series of Bonds.

Book-Entry Only System

        Unless otherwise noted, the description which follows of the procedures and record-keeping with
respect to beneficial ownership interests in the Series 2013 Bonds, payment of interest and other
payments on the Series 2013 Bonds to DTC Participants or Beneficial Owners of the Series 2013 Bonds,
confirmation and transfer of beneficial ownership interests in the Series 2013 Bonds and other bond-
related transactions by and between DTC, the DTC Participants and Beneficial Owners of the Series
2013 Bonds is based solely on information provided on DTC’s website and presumed to be reliable.
Accordingly, the Issuer, the Trustee, and the Underwriter do not and cannot make any representations
concerning these matters.

                                                     7
        The Depository Trust Company (“DTC”), New York, New York, will act as securities depository
for the Series 2013 Bonds. The Series 2013 Bonds will be issued as fully-registered securities in the
name of Cede & Co. (DTC’s partnership nominee) or such other name as may be requested by an
authorized representative of DTC. One fully-registered Series 2013 Bond certificate will be issued for the
Series 2013 Bonds, in the aggregate principal amount of the Series 2013 Bonds, and will be deposited
with DTC.

         DTC is a limited-purpose trust company organized under the New York Banking Law, a “banking
organization” within the meaning of the New York Banking Law, a member of the Federal Reserve
System, a “clearing corporation” within the meaning of the New York Uniform Commercial Code, and a
“clearing agency” registered pursuant to the provisions of Section 17A of the Securities Exchange Act of
1934. DTC holds and provides asset servicing for over 3.5 million issues of U.S. and non-U.S. equity
issues, corporate and municipal debt issues, and money market instruments (from over 100 countries) that
DTC’s participants (“Direct Participants”) deposit with DTC. DTC also facilitates the post-trade
settlement among Direct Participants of sales and other securities transactions in deposited securities,
through electronic computerized book-entry transfers and pledges between Direct Participants’ accounts.
This eliminates the need for physical movement of securities certificates. Direct Participants include both
U.S. and non-U.S. securities brokers and dealers, banks, trust companies, clearing corporations, and
certain other organizations. DTC is a wholly-owned subsidiary of The Depository Trust & Clearing
Corporation (“DTCC”). DTCC is the holding company for DTC, National Securities Clearing
Corporation and Fixed Income Clearing Corporation, all of which are registered clearing agencies.
DTCC is owned by the users of its regulated subsidiaries. Access to the DTC system is also available to
others such as both U.S. and non-U.S. securities brokers and dealers, banks, trust companies, and clearing
corporations that clear through or maintain a custodial relationship with a Direct Participant, either
directly or indirectly (“Indirect Participants”). The DTC Rules applicable to its Participants are on file
with the Securities and Exchange Commission. More information about DTC can be found at
www.dtcc.com and www.dtc.org.

         Purchases of Series 2013 Bonds under the DTC system must be made by or through Direct
Participants, which will receive a credit for the Series 2013 Bonds on DTC’s records. The ownership
interest of each actual purchaser of each Series 2013 Bond (the “Beneficial Owner”) is in turn to be
recorded on the Direct and Indirect Participants’ records. Beneficial Owners will not receive written
confirmation from DTC of their purchase. Beneficial Owners are, however, expected to receive written
confirmations providing details of the transaction, as well as periodic statements of their holdings, from
the Direct or Indirect Participant through which the Beneficial Owner entered into the transaction.
Transfers of ownership interests in the Series 2013 Bonds are to be accomplished by entries made on the
books of the Direct and Indirect Participants acting on behalf of Beneficial Owners. Beneficial Owners
will not receive certificates representing their ownership interests in the Series 2013 Bonds, except in the
event that use of the book-entry system for the Series 2013 Bonds is discontinued.

        To facilitate subsequent transfers, all bonds deposited by Direct Participants with DTC are
registered in the name of DTC’s partnership nominee, Cede & Co., or such other name as may be
registered by an authorized representative of DTC. The deposit of bonds with DTC and their registration
in the name of Cede & Co. or such other DTC nominee effect no change in beneficial ownership. DTC
has no knowledge of the actual Beneficial Owners of bonds; DTC’s records reflect only the identity of the
Direct Participants to whose accounts bonds are credited, which may or may not be the Beneficial
Owners. The Direct Participants and Indirect Participants will remain responsible for keeping account of
their holdings on behalf of their customers.

        Conveyance of notices and other communications by DTC to Direct Participants, by Direct
Participants to Indirect Participants, and by Direct Participants and Indirect Participants to Beneficial
Owners will be governed by arrangements among them, subject to any statutory or regulatory
requirements as may be in effect from time to time. Beneficial Owners of the Series 2013 Bonds may

                                                     8
wish to take certain steps to augment the transmission to them of notices of significant events with respect
to the Series 2013 Bonds, such as redemptions, tenders, defaults, and proposed amendments to the Series
2013 Bond documents. For example, Beneficial Owners of Series 2013 Bonds may wish to ascertain that
the nominee holding the Series 2013 Bonds for their benefit has agreed to obtain and transmit notices to
Beneficial Owners. In the alternative, Beneficial Owners may wish to provide their names and addresses
to the registrar and request that copies of notices be provided directly to them.

        Redemption notices shall be sent to DTC. If less than all of the Series 2013 Bonds within a
maturity are being redeemed, DTC’s practice is to determine by lot the amount of the interest of each
Direct Participant in such maturity to be redeemed.

        Neither DTC nor Cede & Co. (nor any other DTC nominees) will consent or vote with respect to
the Series 2013 Bonds unless authorized by a Direct Participant in accordance with DTC’s MMI
procedures. Under its usual procedures, DTC mails an omnibus proxy (the “Omnibus Proxy”) to the
Trustee as soon as possible after the record date. The Omnibus Proxy assigns Cede & Co.’s consenting or
voting rights to those Direct Participants to whose accounts the Series 2013 Bonds are credited on the
record date (identified in a listing attached to the Omnibus Proxy).

         Principal, redemption premium, if any, and interest payments on the Series 2013 Bonds will be
made to Cede & Co., or such other nominee as may be requested by an authorized representative of DTC.
DTC’s practice is to credit Direct Participants’ accounts upon DTC’s receipt of funds and corresponding
detail information from the Trustee, on payable dates in accordance with their respective holdings shown
on DTC’s records. Payments by Direct and Indirect Participants to Beneficial Owners will be governed
by standing instructions and customary practices, as is the case with securities held for the accounts of
customers in bearer form or registered in “street name”, and will be the responsibility of such Participant
and not of DTC, the Trustee, or the Issuer, subject to any statutory or regulatory requirements as may be
in effect from time to time. Payment of principal, redemption premium, if any, and interest to Cede &
Co., or such other nominee as may be requested by an authorized representative of DTC, is the
responsibility of the Issuer or the Trustee, disbursement of such payments to Direct Participants shall be
the responsibility of DTC, and disbursement of such payments to the Beneficial Owners shall be the
responsibility of Direct and Indirect Participants.

         DTC may discontinue providing its services as securities depository with respect to the Series
2013 Bonds at any time by giving reasonable notice to the Issuer or the Trustee. Under such
circumstances, in the event that a successor securities depository is not obtained, Series 2013 Bond
certificates will be printed and delivered.

        The Issuer may decide to discontinue use of the system of book-entry-only transfers through DTC
(or a successor securities depository). In such event, Series 2013 Bond certificates will be printed and
delivered.

        The information in this section concerning DTC and DTC’s book-entry system has been obtained
from DTC’s website and is presumed to be reliable, but neither the Issuer, the Trustee nor the Underwriter
takes any responsibility for the accuracy thereof or as to the absence of material adverse changes in such
information subsequent to the date hereof.

      NEITHER THE ISSUER, THE TRUSTEE NOR THE UNDERWRITER WILL HAVE ANY
RESPONSIBILITY OR OBLIGATION TO ANY DTC PARTICIPANT, INDIRECT PARTICIPANT
OR ANY BENEFICIAL OWNER OR ANY OTHER PERSON WITH RESPECT TO: (1) THE SERIES
2013 BONDS; (2) THE ACCURACY OF ANY RECORDS MAINTAINED BY DTC OR ANY DTC
PARTICIPANT OR INDIRECT PARTICIPANT; (3) THE PAYMENT BY DTC OR ANY DTC
PARTICIPANT OR INDIRECT PARTICIPANT OF ANY AMOUNT DUE TO ANY BENEFICIAL
OWNER IN RESPECT OF THE PRINCIPAL, OR REDEMPTION PRICE OF OR INTEREST ON THE

                                                     9
SERIES 2013 BONDS; (4) THE DELIVERY BY DTC OR ANY DTC PARTICIPANT OR INDIRECT
PARTICIPANT OF ANY NOTICE TO ANY BENEFICIAL OWNER WHICH IS REQUIRED OR
PERMITTED UNDER THE TERMS OF THE INDENTURE TO BE GIVEN TO BONDHOLDERS; (6)
ACTION TAKEN BY DTC AS BONDHOLDER; (5) THE SELECTION OF THE BENEFICIAL
OWNERS TO RECEIVE PAYMENT IN THE EVENT OF ANY PARTIAL REDEMPTION OF THE
SERIES 2013 BONDS; OR (6) ANY CONSENT GIVEN BY DTC OR OTHER ACTION TAKEN BY
DTC AS BONDHOLDER.

        THE ISSUER, THE TRUSTEE AND THE UNDERWRITER CANNOT AND DO NOT GIVE
ANY ASSURANCES THAT DTC, THE DTC PARTICIPANTS OR THE INDIRECT PARTICIPANTS
WILL DISTRIBUTE TO THE BENEFICIAL OWNERS OF THE SERIES 2013 BONDS
(i) PAYMENTS OF PRINCIPAL OR REDEMPTION PRICE OF OR INTEREST ON THE SERIES
2013 BONDS, (ii) CERTIFICATES REPRESENTING AN OWNERSHIP INTEREST OR OTHER
CONFIRMATION OF BENEFICIAL OWNERSHIP INTERESTS IN SERIES 2013 BONDS, OR
(iii) REDEMPTION OR OTHER NOTICES SENT TO DTC OR CEDE & CO., ITS NOMINEE, AS
THE REGISTERED OWNER OF THE SERIES 2013 BONDS, OR THAT THEY WILL DO SO ON A
TIMELY BASIS OR THAT DTC PARTICIPANTS OR INDIRECT PARTICIPANTS WILL SERVE
AND ACT IN THE MANNER DESCRIBED IN THIS OFFICIAL STATEMENT. The current “rules”
applicable to DTC are on file with the Securities and Exchange Commission, and the current
“procedures” of DTC to be followed in dealing with DTC Participants are on file with DTC.

        So long as Cede & Co. is the registered owner of the Series 2013 Bonds, as nominee for DTC,
references herein to the Bondholders or registered owners of the Series 2013 Bonds shall mean Cede &
Co., as aforesaid, and shall not mean the Beneficial Owners of the Series 2013 Bonds.

                                        GNMA SECURITIES
General

        The summary and explanation of the GNMA Mortgage-Backed Securities Program (the “GNMA
Program”) and the other documents referred to herein do not purport to be complete, and reference is
made to the GNMA I Mortgage-Backed Securities Guide (GNMA Handbook 5500.3, as amended,
hereafter, the “GNMA Guide”) and to said documents, copies of which are on file with the Lender, for
full and complete statements of their provisions.

       GNMA is a non-stock corporate instrumentality of the United States of America within the
Department of Housing and Urban Development (“HUD”) with its principal office in Washington, D.C.

        The GNMA Securities will be “fully modified pass-through” mortgage-backed securities in the
form of Project Loan Certificates (the “PLCs” or the “GNMA Securities”) in respect of the Mortgage
Loans that will be issued and serviced by the Lender. By the 15th day of each month commencing with
the 15th day of the month next following the date of issue of the GNMA Securities, the Lender will be
required to pass through to the Trustee, as the holder of the GNMA Securities, the monthly scheduled
installments of principal and interest on the Mortgage Notes (less the GNMA guaranty fee and the
Lender’s servicing fee), whether or not the Lender receives payment on the Mortgage Notes from the
Issuer, plus any unscheduled prepayments of principal of the Mortgage Notes received by the Lender.
GNMA guarantees the timely payment of the principal of and interest on the GNMA Securities.

GNMA Guaranty

        GNMA is authorized by Section 306(g) of Title III of the National Housing Act, to guarantee the
timely payment of the principal of, and interest on, securities which are based on and backed by mortgage


                                                   10
pools consisting of a single mortgage insured by FHA pursuant to Sections 242 and 241 of the National
Housing Act. Section 306(g) of the National Housing Act further provides that “[T]he full faith and
credit of the United States is pledged to the payment of all amounts which may be required to be paid
under any guaranty under this subsection”. An opinion, dated December 9, 1969, of the then Assistant
Attorney General of the United States of America, states that such guaranties under Section 306(g) of
mortgage-backed securities of the type being delivered to the Trustee on behalf of the Issuer are
authorized to be made by GNMA and “would constitute general obligations of the United States backed
by its full faith and credit”.

         Pursuant to such authority, GNMA, upon delivery of the PLCs to the Trustee in accordance with
the related GNMA Guaranty Agreement, will have guaranteed the timely payment of principal of and
interest on such PLCs.

GNMA Borrowing Authority

        In order to meet its obligations under such guaranty, GNMA, in its corporate capacity under
Section 306(d) of Title III of the National Housing Act, may issue its general obligations to the United
States Treasury Department (the “Treasury”) in an amount outstanding at any one time sufficient to
enable GNMA, with no limitations as to amount, to perform its obligations under its guaranty of the
timely payment of the principal of and interest on the GNMA Securities. The Treasury is authorized to
purchase any obligations so issued by GNMA and has indicated in a letter dated February 13, 1970, from
the then Secretary of the Treasury to the then Secretary of HUD that the Treasury will make loans to
GNMA, if needed, to implement the aforementioned guaranty.

         GNMA warrants to the holder of the PLCs, as described in the GNMA Prospectus, that in the
event it is called upon at any time to make good its guaranty of the payment of principal of and interest on
the PLCs, it will, if necessary, in accordance with Section 306(d), apply to the Treasury for a loan or
loans in amounts sufficient to make payments of principal and interest on the PLCs.

Servicing of Mortgage Loans

       The Lender is responsible for servicing and otherwise administering the Mortgage Loans in
accordance with generally accepted practices of the mortgage banking industry and the GNMA Guide.

        The monthly remuneration of the Lender, for its servicing and administrative functions, and the
guaranty fee charged by GNMA, total 0.25% (25 basis points) per annum (payable monthly) of the unpaid
principal amount of the Mortgage Notes outstanding on the last day of the month preceding such date of
calculation. The Mortgage Notes carry an interest rate that is 0.25% per annum greater than the interest
rate on the GNMA Securities because the 0.25% total of the Lender’s servicing fee and the GNMA
guaranty fee are deducted from payments on the Mortgage Notes prior to making payments on the
GNMA Securities. It is not necessary for GNMA to receive its guaranty fee for the guaranty to be
effective for holders of GNMA Securities.

       It is expected that interest and principal payments on the Mortgage Notes will be the source of
moneys for payments on the GNMA Securities. If such payments are less than what is due, the Lender
may advance its own funds to ensure timely payment of scheduled installments of principal and interest
due on the GNMA Securities. GNMA guarantees such timely payment in the event of the failure of the
Lender to pass through such scheduled principal and interest payments when due.

      The Lender is required to advise GNMA in advance of any impending default on scheduled
payments on the GNMA Securities so that GNMA as guarantor will be able to continue such payments as



                                                    11
scheduled on the 15th day of each month. If, however, such payments are not received as scheduled, the
Trustee, on behalf of the Issuer, has recourse directly to GNMA.

          The Guaranty Agreement to be entered into by GNMA and the Lender in connection with the
PLCs (the “GNMA Guaranty Agreement”) will provide that, in the event of a default by the Lender,
including (a) a request to GNMA to make a payment of principal or interest on the PLCs when the Issuer
is not in default under the Mortgage Notes, (b) insolvency of the Lender, or (c) default by the Lender
under any other guaranty agreement with GNMA, GNMA will have the right, by letter to the Lender, to
effect and complete the extinguishment of the Lender’s interest in the Mortgage Notes, and the Mortgage
Notes will thereupon become the absolute property of GNMA, subject only to the unsatisfied rights of the
holder of the PLCs. In such event, the GNMA Guaranty Agreement will provide that on and after the
time GNMA directs such a letter of extinguishment to the Lender, GNMA will be the successor in all
respects to the Lender in its capacity under the GNMA Guaranty Agreement and the transaction and
arrangements set forth or arranged for therein, and will be subject to all responsibilities, duties and
liabilities (except the Lender’s indemnification of GNMA) theretofore placed on the Lender by the terms
and provisions of the GNMA Guaranty Agreement, provided that, at any time, GNMA may enter into an
agreement with any other eligible issuer of the PLCs under which the latter undertakes and agrees to
assume any part or all of such responsibilities, duties or liabilities theretofore placed on the Lender, and
provided that no such agreement will detract from or diminish the responsibilities, duties or liabilities of
GNMA in its capacity as guarantor of the PLCs, or otherwise adversely affect the rights of the holders
thereof.

        The PLCs do not constitute a liability of, nor evidence any recourse against, the Lender as the
issuer of the PLCs, but recourse thereon is solely against GNMA as provided in the GNMA Guaranty
Agreement and the GNMA Securities. The GNMA Guaranty Agreement provides that the full faith and
credit of the United States of America is pledged to the payment of all amounts required to be paid
pursuant to the GNMA guaranty of such securities.

Payment of Principal and Interest on the GNMA Securities

         Each PLC is a “fully-modified pass through” security which requires monthly payments by the
Lender, as the issuer of the GNMA Securities, to the Trustee, on behalf of the Issuer, of principal and
interest at the rate stated thereon on the aggregate unpaid principal balance, whether or not the Lender
receives payments on the Mortgage Notes underlying such GNMA Securities, plus any prepayments of
principal of the Mortgage Notes received by the Lender.

        Following the issuance of the PLCs and commencement of the payment of principal thereon, the
PLCs will be payable in monthly installments of not less than the interest due on the PLCs the rate
specified thereon, together with any scheduled installments of principal, whether or not collected from the
Issuer and any prepayments or early recovery of principal and premium, if any. Each installment on the
GNMA Securities shall be applied first to interest and then in reduction of the principal balance of the
GNMA Securities then outstanding. Interest shall be paid at the specified rate on the unpaid portion of
the principal. The amount of principal due on the GNMA Securities shall be in an amount equal to the
scheduled principal amortization currently due on the Mortgage Note. Final payment shall be made to the
Trustee upon surrender of the outstanding GNMA Securities.

Liability of the Lender

       The GNMA Securities will not constitute a liability of nor evidence any recourse against the
Lender. Recourse may be had by the Trustee only to GNMA in the event of any failure of timely
payment as provided for in the GNMA Guaranty Agreement appended to the GNMA Securities.



                                                    12
                       CERTAIN PROVISIONS OF THE FHA DOCUMENTS

The Mortgage Notes

         Upon compliance with the terms and conditions of the Lender Commitment, and pursuant to the
terms and conditions specified in the Financing Agreement, the Lender agrees to make a loan to the Issuer
in the aggregate amount of $100,533,682.88 at an interest rate of 3.595% per annum, to be evidenced by
the Mortgage Notes, which are currently and will continue to be insured by FHA. The Mortgage Loans
(i) are insured by FHA pursuant to and in accordance with the provisions of Section 242 and Section 241,
respectively, of the National Housing Act and applicable regulations thereunder, as evidenced by the
endorsement by FHA of the Mortgage Notes; (ii) will have an aggregate outstanding principal balance as
of March 1, 2013 of $100,533,682.88; (iii) bear interest at an interest rate of 3.595% per annum; (iv) as to
the Section 242 Mortgage Loan (defined herein), has a term of 115 months and matures on October 1,
2022 following the modification thereto pursuant to the Second Allonge to Mortgage Note, dated March
21, 2013, and, as to the Section 241 Mortgage Loan (defined herein), has a term of 228 months and
matures on March 1, 2032 following the modification thereto pursuant to the Allonge to Mortgage Note,
dated March 21, 2013; (v) is payable in equal monthly installments of principal and interest following
Commencement of Amortization (as defined in the Indenture); (vi) is secured on a nonrecourse basis
pursuant to the FHA Documents; and (vii) is not subject to prepayment prior to February 28, 2023;
provided, however, that (A) the Mortgage Loans are subject to mandatory prepayment in whole or in part
at any time from the proceeds of any casualty insurance, condemnation award or other amounts received
following a partial or total destruction or condemnation of the Project, in the event and to the extent that
such casualty proceeds, condemnation awards or other amounts are not applied to the repair or restoration
of the Projects in accordance with the FHA Documents; (B) the Mortgage Loans are subject to
prepayment from the proceeds of mortgage insurance or other amounts received with respect to the
Mortgage Loans following the acceleration thereof upon the occurrence of an event of default under the
Mortgages; (C) the Mortgage Loans are subject to prepayment to the extent, if any, required by applicable
rules, regulations, policies and procedures of FHA and GNMA (including the possible exercise by HUD
of its right to override the prepayment lockout and premium provision of the Mortgage Loans under
certain circumstances following an event of default thereunder); and (D) the Mortgage Loans are subject
to optional prepayment on the last day of the month on or after February 28, 2023 at a prepayment price
of 100%, together with accrued interest to the end of the month of prepayment.

       If the Mortgage Loans are prepaid subsequent to the date referenced in clause (vii) above or are
prepaid in accordance with clauses (A) though (D) above, the Lender will give written notice of such
prepayment to the Trustee no later than the fifth day of the month in which the resulting prepayment of
the GNMA Security is to occur.

       In the event of an optional or mandatory prepayment of the Mortgage Loans, in part,
pursuant to the Mortgage Notes, the Issuer unconditionally covenants in the Financing Agreement
to exercise its option to proportionally reamortize the outstanding principal balances of the
Mortgage Notes in accordance with the terms of the Mortgage Notes.

The Mortgages

        Upon the defeasance of the Series 1996 Bonds and the Series 2004 Bonds, the Mortgages will be
modified and assigned to the Lender, as FHA mortgagee, and modified to reflect the terms of the loan to
be made by the Lender. Each Mortgage grants a lien on the properties identified therein together with all
buildings, improvements and fixtures thereon, rents, issues and profits thereof, and all building materials,
equipment, furnishings and other property incident to use and occupancy thereof. Until the final payment
of each Mortgage Note, the Issuer agrees not to sell, encumber or alienate the property subject to each
such Mortgage in any way without the consent of the Lender and FHA, or as otherwise permitted in each

                                                    13
Mortgage or in the related Regulatory Agreement (as defined herein). The Issuer also covenants that it
will not voluntarily create or permit to be created any other lien or liens against the Property subject to the
Mortgages, except for permitted encumbrances.

        The Issuer agrees that, in addition to payments for debt service due on the Mortgage Notes, it will
pay monthly amounts to provide for the payment when due of premiums on the FHA mortgage insurance,
casualty insurance, water rates, and taxes and assessments. In the event the Issuer fails to pay any of the
sums required to be paid under the Mortgages, the Lender, at its option, may pay such amounts. The
Mortgages provide that all sums paid by the Lender may be added to the principal amount of the
Mortgage Notes, bear interest at the rate set forth in the Mortgage Notes and will be due and payable on
written demand. The Issuer covenants that it shall keep the projects secured by the Mortgages in good
repair, and may not make structural alterations without the consents of the Lender and FHA, which
consent shall not be unreasonably withheld, delayed or conditioned.

        Each Mortgage incorporates by reference a regulatory agreement between the Issuer and FHA
(the “Regulatory Agreement”; and collectively with the Mortgage Note, Mortgage and all other
documents required in connection with the modification of a Mortgage Loan by FHA for FHA mortgage
insurance, the “FHA Documents”). The Regulatory Agreement sets forth certain of the Issuer’s
obligations in connection with the management and operation of the project financed with the related
Mortgage Loan (the “Project”). Among its provisions it restricts the use of the Project and the revenues
which it generates and prohibits or restricts transferring, encumbering or altering the Project.

         Under the Mortgages and the applicable FHA regulations, the following are events of default on
the FHA Documents: (i) any default in any payment on the Mortgage Notes or under the Mortgages or
(ii) any failure in the observance or performance of any other covenant in the Mortgages, if the Lender,
because of such failure, has accelerated the debt. If such defaults as defined in (i) and (ii) above continue
uncured after a grace period of 30 days, the Lender shall be entitled to receive mortgage insurance
benefits, provided that within 30 days after the end of the grace period it notifies FHA of the default, and
within 45 days, or any permitted additional time, after the end of the grace period it files with FHA a
notice of its intention to file an insurance claim and its election either to assign the Mortgage Notes and
the Mortgages to FHA or to acquire and convey title to the Projects to FHA. A default solely under the
Regulatory Agreement will not constitute a default under the Mortgages unless declared by the Lender at
the request of FHA. An event of default under the Mortgages is not an Event of Default under the
Indenture and will not automatically result in an acceleration of the Series 2013 Bonds. Under GNMA
regulations, the Lender has broad latitude to enter into workout arrangements and to negotiate
modifications of the Mortgages subject to the approval of FHA and GNMA. So long as the Lender
continues to make regularly scheduled payments of principal and interest on the GNMA Securities no
default will exist as a result of any such mortgage modifications.

FHA and GNMA Documents and Regulations Control

        To the extent that any provision in the Financing Agreement or the Indenture shall be inconsistent
or in conflict with the provisions of the National Housing Act, FHA regulations, related FHA
administrative requirements, the GNMA regulations, the GNMA I Mortgage-Backed Securities Guide,
the FHA Documents, the GNMA Securities or the GNMA Guaranty Agreement, as the case may be, the
provisions of the National Housing Act, FHA regulations, related FHA administrative requirements, the
GNMA regulations, the GNMA I Mortgage-Backed Securities Guide, the FHA Documents, the GNMA
Securities or the GNMA Guaranty Agreement, as the case may be, shall govern. No provision of the
Financing Agreement or the Indenture or of any instruments referred to in the Financing Agreement or the
Indenture shall alter the non-recourse nature of the Lender’s obligations under the GNMA Securities.




                                                      14
                        FHA-INSURED INDEBTEDNESS OF THE ISSUER

        In 1996, DASNY issued bonds to finance a mortgage loan to the Issuer for FHA Project No. 012-
13058 in the amount of $32,676,000, which mortgage loan is secured by a FHA-insured Section 242
mortgage (the “Section 242 Mortgage Loan”) and evidenced by a mortgage note (the “Section 242
Mortgage Note”). Slightly more than half of the proceeds of the mortgage loan was used to finance
expansion and modernization of medical care facilitates at the Issuer’s main hospital campus (the
“Mortgaged Property”) while slightly less than half of the proceeds of the mortgage loan was used to
refinance outstanding FHA-Insured bonds issued by DASNY in 1977 and 1983. The Section 242
Mortgage constitutes a first mortgage lien on the Mortgaged Property. As of March 1, 2013, the Section
242 Mortgage Loan will be outstanding in the amount of $9,787,311.10.

        In 2004, DASNY issued bonds to finance a mortgage loan to the Issuer for FHA Project No. 012-
10030 in the amount of $104,704,000, which mortgage loan is secured by a FHA-insured Section 241
mortgage (the “Section 241 Mortgage Loan”) and evidenced by a mortgage note (the “Section 241
Mortgage Note”). The proceeds of the loan financed the modernization of the main hospital campus
through new construction and renovations, including relocating selected inpatient services from the
Gellman, Kronish and Aron Buildings providing much needed expansion space for existing acute care
services, simplifying service delivery to patients through consolidation of services and upgrading clinical
departments. Specifically, this modernization resulted in an enlargement of both ambulatory and
inpatient surgery facilities, new and improved state-of-the-art medical technologies, and the
reorganization and enlargement of the Issuer’s Cardiac Institute, the Infants and Children’s Hospital, and
the Emergency Department. The lien of the Section 241 Mortgage is subordinate to the lien of the
Section 242 Mortgage. As of March 1, 2013, the Section 241 Mortgage Loan will be outstanding in the
amount of $90,746,371.78.

         The Section 242 Mortgage Loan and the Section 241 Mortgage Loan are collectively referred to
in this Official Statement as the “Mortgage Loans”. The Section 242 Mortgage Note and the Section 241
Mortgage Note are collectively referred to in this Official Statement as the “Mortgage Notes”.

     THE ORDER AND PRIORITY OF LIENS OF THE MORTGAGE SECURING THE
MORTGAGE LOANS WILL REMAIN UNCHANGED AFTER THE CLOSING OF THE
SERIES 2013 BONDS.




                                                    15
                               ESTIMATED SOURCES AND USES OF FUNDS

        Set forth below is a description of the sources and uses of funds in connection with the issuance
of the Series 2013 Bonds.

              Sources of Funds
                 Principal Amount of Series 2013 Bonds...................                      $100,535,000.00
                 Original Issue Premium ............................................              3,213,098.60
                    Total Sources ........................................................     $103,748,098.60

              Uses of Funds
                Deposit to Acquisition Fund .....................................              $100,535,000.00
                Deposit to Bond Fund ...............................................                750,000.00
                Deposit with DASNY for defeasance of the
                  Series 1996 Bonds and Series 2004 Bonds                                           536,059.56
                Deposit to Cost of Issuance Fund ..............................                   1,927,039.04
                    Total Uses .............................................................   $103,748,098.60


                                                         THE LENDER

        Prudential Huntoon Paige Associates, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (the “Lender”),
originates, underwrites and funds mortgage loans and Prudential Asset Resources, Inc. (“PAR”), a sister
company, services mortgage loans, including those backing mortgaged-backed securities that are insured,
guaranteed or purchased by governmental agencies and sponsored enterprises, including HUD, FHA,
GNMA, Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac. The mailing address of PAR is 2100 Ross Avenue, Suite 2500,
Dallas, Texas 75201. Further information about the Lender may be obtained by written request to 3560
Lenox Road, Suite 1400, Atlanta, GA 30346.

        To be approved by GNMA to issue modified pass-through securities with respect to long-term
mortgages on a hospital project, a GNMA issuer is required to have a net worth (based on audited
financial statements) equal to at least $1,000,000 plus 1.0% of any securities outstanding, plus the amount
of available commitment authority and unexpected construction loan draws in excess of $25,000,000, but
less than $175,000,000, plus an additional 0.2% of any securities outstanding, plus the amount of
available commitment authority and unexpected construction loan draws in excess of $175,000,000.

                RISK FACTORS AND REGULATORY PROVISIONS
       WHICH MAY AFFECT THE MEDICAL CENTER OR THE SERIES 2013 BONDS

        The following discussion of risks to holders of the Series 2013 Bonds, in addition to other risks
described throughout this Official Statement, is not intended to be exhaustive, but rather to summarize
certain matters which could affect payment of the Series 2013 Bonds or the financial condition of the
Medical Center.

        The revenue and expenses of the Medical Center are affected by the changing health care
environment. These changes are a result of efforts by the federal and state governments, managed care
organizations, private insurance companies and business coalitions to reduce and/or contain health care
costs including, but not limited to, the costs of inpatient and outpatient care, physician fees, capital
expenditures and the costs of graduate medical education. In addition to matters discussed elsewhere
herein, the following factors may have a material effect on the operations of the Medical Center to an
extent that cannot be determined at this time.

                                                                   16
General
        The Series 2013 Bonds are payable solely from amounts available under the Indenture, including
moneys derived from the GNMA Securities, and the funds and accounts held by the Trustee pursuant to
the Indenture and certain investment income thereon. No representation or assurance can be made that
revenues will be realized from the Medical Center in amounts sufficient to provide funds for payment of
principal of and interest on the Mortgage Notes when due and to make other payments necessary to meet
the obligations of the Medical Center. Further, there is no assurance that the revenues of the Medical
Center can be increased sufficiently to match increased costs that may be incurred.

        There are certain risks which might prevent the Medical Center from obtaining sufficient
revenues to meet all of its obligations, including its obligations under the Mortgage Notes and the
Financing Agreement. Future revenue and expenses of the Medical Center are subject to conditions
which may change to an extent that cannot be determined at this time. Some of the possible changes in
future conditions and other risks are discussed below.

        The receipt of future revenues by the Medical Center is subject to, among other factors, federal
and state regulations and policies affecting the health care industry; and the policies and practices of
managed care providers, private insurers and other third-party payors, and private purchasers of health
care services, all of which may affect rates, costs, third-party payments, and governmental regulations and
policies concerning payment. The effect on the Medical Center of future changes in federal, state and
private policies cannot be determined at this time. Loss of established managed care contracts by the
Medical Center could also adversely affect the future revenues of the Medical Center.

        Future revenues and expenses of the Medical Center and the resulting ability of the Medical
Center to make payments under the Mortgage Notes may be affected by events and economic conditions,
which may include an inability to control expenses in periods of inflation, as well as other conditions such
as demand for health care services; the capability of the management of the Medical Center; the receipt of
grants and contributions; referring physicians’ and self-referred patients’ confidence in the Medical
Center; and increased use of discounted payment schedules through contracts with health maintenance
organizations (“HMOs”), preferred provider organizations (“PPOs”) and other payors. Other factors
which may affect revenues and expenses include the ability of the Medical Center to provide services
required by patients; the relationship of the Medical Center with physicians; the success of the Medical
Center’s strategic plans; the degree of cooperation among and competition with other hospitals in the
Medical Center’s area; changes in levels of private philanthropy; malpractice claims and other litigation;
economic and demographic developments in the United States and in the service areas in which facilities
of the Medical Center are located; changes in interest rates that affect the investment results; and changes
in rates, costs, third-party payments (including, without limitation, Medicare and Medicaid program
reimbursement) and governmental regulations concerning payment. All of the above-referenced factors
could affect the Medical Center’s ability to make payments requirements pursuant to the Indenture. See
“APPENDIX A – MAIMONIDES MEDICAL CENTER” herein.

Adequacy of Revenues; Early Redemption and Loss of Premium
        While the Medical Center is obligated to the Lender under the Financing Agreement to satisfy any
deficiency with respect to the payment of the principal of and interest on the Mortgage Notes, the primary
security for the Series 2013 Bonds are the GNMA Securities and moneys on deposit in various funds and
accounts established pursuant to the Indenture. A default by the Medical Center on the Mortgage Loans
that remains uncured will result in a prepayment of the GNMA Securities and, consequently, a
redemption of all or a portion of the Series 2013 Bonds.

       In addition, purchasers of Series 2013 Bonds who purchase a Series 2013 Bond at a price in
excess of its principal amount or who hold such a Series 2013 Bond trading at a price in excess of par,

                                                    17
should note that the Series 2013 Bonds are subject to certain early redemptions at a redemption price
equal only to their principal amount plus accrued interest to the redemption date without any redemption
premium or the then market value of the Series 2013 Bonds. This could occur, for example, in the event
(i) the GNMA Securities are not delivered as currently contemplated, (ii) the Mortgage Notes are prepaid
as a result of a default, (iii) there is a default under the Mortgages, or (iv) condemnation or insurance
payments with respect to the Projects are received. See “THE SERIES 2013 BONDS - Redemption of
the Series 2013 Bonds”.

Health Care Reform

        In March 2010, President Obama signed into law comprehensive health reform through the
Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act (Pub. L. 111-148) and the Health Care and Education
Reconciliation Act of 2010 (Pub. L. 111-152), together known as the Affordable Care Act (“ACA”).
ACA was intended by its supporters to be transformative and includes numerous provisions affecting the
delivery of health care services, the financing of health care costs, reimbursement of health care
providers, and the legal obligations of health insurers, providers, employers and consumers.

        The U.S. Supreme Court decided the constitutionality of certain ACA provisions in National
Federation of Independent Business v. Sebelius: (i) the “individual mandate” that requires individuals to
purchase health insurance starting in 2014 or be penalized, and (ii) the expansion of the Medicaid
program. On June 28, 2012, the Supreme Court upheld the individual mandate but held that states have
the option to reject the Medicaid expansion provisions without the risk of losing their federal Medicaid
funding.

        Controversy over ACA continues even after the Supreme Court’s decision. While the reelection
of President Obama and the continued Democratic control in the U.S. Senate will be a major force in
defending ACA, the Supreme Court’s consideration in its 2012-13 term of a challenge to ACA’s
employer insurance requirements may negatively affect ACA’s future. Additionally, the U.S. House of
Representatives has voted several times to repeal ACA, in whole or in part, and to cut funding for various
ACA provisions; however, none of these efforts have passed, and after the recent elections are more
unlikely to pass, in the U.S. Senate. Regardless, even if the ACA’s future is more secure, it is impossible
to predict its potential impact on the health care industry.

         As ACA and its implementing regulations will be phased in over several years on both a federal
and a state level, the full consequences of ACA on the health care industry have not been immediately
recognized. Therefore, it is difficult to predict whether the net impact of specific provisions of ACA will
be positive or negative on the Medical Center, its revenues and its financial condition. Moreover,
uncertainties regarding the implementation of ACA on a national level and in New York State create
unpredictability for the strategic and business planning efforts of the Medical Center. Some of the
specific provisions of ACA that may affect the Medical Center’s operations, financial performance or
financial condition are described below. This listing is not intended to be, nor should be considered by
Series 2013 Bondholders as comprehensive. ACA is complex, and includes a myriad of new programs,
initiatives, and changes to existing programs, policies, practices and laws. For a comprehensive
understanding, Series 2013 Bondholders should review ACA in its entirety.

        Insurance Changes

         Under ACA, new state-based health insurance exchanges, increased employer insurance coverage
requirements, and Medicaid expansions will likely decrease the number of uninsured patients. This
increase in insured patients could result in lower levels of bad debt and increased utilization or profitable
shifts in utilization patterns for hospitals generally. Nonetheless, it remains unclear how these ACA



                                                     18
insurance changes will impact the Medical Center. For example, the ultimate provider rates under, and
the comprehensiveness of, the New York exchange plan are still uncertain.

        While statements by Governor Cuomo indicate that New York is leaning towards participating in
the Medicaid expansion available under ACA, it is still uncertain whether New York will participate, and
exactly how this Medicaid expansion will impact New York hospitals. In August 2012, the New York
State Department of Health (“DOH”) submitted its Medicaid Redesign Team (“MRT”) Waiver
Amendment to CMS seeking $10 billion in federal funds over a five year period for investment in New
York State’s health care system to be funded from Medicaid redesign savings. If obtained, these funds
will be used to implement MRT and ACA provisions, including the Medicaid expansion. See “State
Budget” herein.

        Payment Rules

        ACA will increasingly link payments to hospitals under public programs to quality and
coordination of care. Accordingly, if the Medical Center does not meet the quality status requirements,
the Medical Center and its revenues could be adversely impacted. Regardless of the hospital’s
performance, beginning in federal fiscal year 2013, Medicare inpatient payments to hospitals, including
Medicare HMO payments, will be reduced by 1% progressing to 2% by federal fiscal year 2017.
Beginning in fiscal year 2013, hospitals will be subject to Medicare payment withholds or bonuses
contingent on satisfaction of specific performance measures related to common and high-cost medical
conditions under a new value-based purchasing program and face payment reductions based on the dollar
value of preventable readmissions for certain medical conditions. Furthermore, ACA allows the Centers
for Medicare & Medicaid Services (“CMS”) to expand the conditions measured for readmission rate
penalties beginning in federal fiscal year 2015.

         In addition, beginning in federal fiscal year 2015, Medicare inpatient payments to hospitals that
are in the top quartile nationally for frequency of certain “hospital-acquired conditions” will be reduced
by 1% for all discharges for the applicable federal fiscal year. As of July 1, 2011, CMS no longer
provides federal funding to states for any amounts expended by providers in treating so-called provider-
preventable conditions. CMS also directed states to submit amendments to their Medicaid state plans to
require payment denials for the cost of treating such conditions, consistent with the prohibition on federal
reimbursement. DOH issued an emergency regulation, effective December 6, 2011, that denied payment
for several “potentially preventable negative outcomes.”

        ACA also contains reductions in Medicare market basket updates and cuts in Medicare and
Medicaid disproportionate share hospital (“DSH”) payments for providing care to low income and
uninsured patients. Generally, Medicare payment rates to hospitals are adjusted annually based on a
“market basket” of estimated cost increases, which have averaged approximately 2-4% annually in recent
years. ACA provides for a general reduction of a specified percentage (up to 0.75% per year) in each
federal fiscal year through 2019. There is also a productivity adjustment based on national economic
productivity statistics which resulted in a 1% reduction in the market basket update for federal fiscal year
2012 and is expected to have a similar result in future years. Separately, beginning in federal fiscal year
2014, Medicaid DSH allotments to each state will also be reduced. See “Medicare and Medicaid
Reimbursement–DSH Payments” herein for background on DSH funding.

         While the House of Representatives has voted to repeal the Medicare Independent Payment
Advisory Board (“IPAB”), ACA directs the IPAB to provide recommendations to Congress on ways to
curtail growth of Medicare expenditures beginning in 2014. If Congress does not adopt alternative
legislation to meet the savings targets, ACA provides for the IPAB’s recommendations to be
automatically implemented. Starting in 2020, hospitals will be subject to the IPAB’s cost reduction
proposals.

                                                    19
        ACA contained significant changes to federal payments to Medicare health management
organizations – Medicare Advantage plans (“MAPs”) – that could have an effect on MAPs’ payments to
hospitals. Federal payments to MAPs are tied to the level of fee-for-service spending in the applicable
county, resulting in a reduction for certain MAPs. These reduced payments could in turn affect the scope
of coverage of these plans or cause plan sponsors to negotiate lower payments to providers. See
“APPENDIX A – MAIMONIDES MEDICAL CENTER–Sources of Patient Service Revenue” herein.

        Fraud and Abuse

        ACA included significant changes to health care fraud and abuse laws that will intensify the risks
and consequences of enforcement actions. These changes include: expansion of the Federal False Claims
Act; lessening of the intent requirements under the federal Anti-Kickback Statute; and new funding and
expanded powers to investigate fraud, including through expansion of the Medicare Recovery Audit
Contractor (“RAC”) program and the requirement that states create a Medicaid RAC program. New
York’s State Plan Amendment for the Medicaid RAC program was approved in March 2011 and
designated HMS as its RAC contractor in April 2011. ACA also creates enhanced penalties for
noncompliance, including increased criminal penalties and expansion of administrative penalties under
Medicare and Medicaid. In addition to these potential noncompliance penalty costs, all hospitals will
eventually be required to establish and maintain compliance and ethics programs that satisfy certain
federal requirements as a condition of enrollment in Medicare, Medicaid and the Children’s Health
Insurance Program. The New York’s Office of the Medicaid Inspector General 2012-13 Work Plan
emphasizes enforcement of ACA requirements, specifically discussing the identification and refunding of
overpayments. See “Federal Fraud and Abuse Laws and Regulations” and “Federal and State False
Claims Acts” in this section and “APPENDIX A – MAIMONIDES MEDICAL CENTER – Material
Pending Audits” herein.

Budget Control Act

         The Budget Control Act of 2011 was enacted August 2, 2011, thereby bringing an end to the debt
ceiling crisis that had threatened to lead the United States into sovereign default on or about August 3,
2011. The law specifies $917 billion of cuts over 10 years in exchange for the initial debt limit increase
of $900 billion, with approximately $21 billion of cuts to be applied in the fiscal year 2012 federal
budget. In order to achieve those budget cuts, and to try to reduce the long-term federal debt, the law
introduces several complex mechanisms. Since Congress failed to produce a deficit reduction bill with at
least $1.2 trillion in cuts over the coming 10 years by December 23, 2011, then any further increase in the
debt ceiling will trigger across-the-board spending cuts equally split between security and non-security
programs. The across-the-board cuts would apply to mandatory and discretionary spending in the years
2013 to 2021 in an amount of $1.2 trillion, and are scheduled to be automatically implemented on January
2, 2013. In September 2012, the White House Office of Management and Budget issued a report
detailing the possible cuts, with Medicare beneficiaries having no changes in their benefits but providers,
including hospitals, having an across-the-board 2% cut to Medicare reimbursements. While the Medical
Center cannot predict whether across-the-board cuts will be triggered, substantial reductions in federal
health care spending through Medicare, Medicaid and other programs seem probable, and any such
reductions are likely to negatively impact the Medical Center and its revenues.

Economic Turmoil
         The current economic turmoil, including the downgrade of the long-term credit rating of the United
States by Standard & Poor’s Ratings Service, has had and will continue to have negative repercussions upon
the United States and global economies. In the last few years, this turmoil has particularly affected the
financial sector, prompting a number of banks and other financial institutions to seek additional capital, to
merge, and, in some cases, to cease operating. These events collectively have led to a scarcity of liquidity


                                                     20
and credit, lack of confidence in the financial sector, volatility in the financial markets, fluctuations in interest
rates, reduced economic activity, increased business failures, and increased consumer and business
bankruptcies.

         Hospitals are required to provide emergency care without regard to a patient’s ability to pay. Poor
economic conditions and increased unemployment can enlarge the population that does not have health care
coverage and thus cannot pay for care out-of-pocket, which in turn can increase the uncompensated care
provided by the Medical Center. Tax-exempt hospitals, in particular, often treat large numbers of indigent
patients who are unable to pay in full, or perhaps at all, for their medical care. In addition, poor economic
conditions and increased unemployment can lead patients to postpone or forego elective procedures, thereby
reducing volume and revenue. See “Not-for-Profit Status – IRS Examination of Compensation Practices and
Community Benefit” and “Internal Revenue Code Limitations – Charity Care” herein.

          If the current economic turmoil continues and the economy further weakens, health care providers
could be materially and adversely impacted in a number of ways, including reduced investment income,
reduced philanthropic donations, reduced access to the credit markets, difficulties in obtaining new liquidity
facilities or extensions of existing liquidity or other short-term facilities, significant draws on internal
liquidity due to difficulties with remarketing existing variable rate bonds and commercial paper, increased
risk of acceleration on variable rate bonds or rollover risk of short-term indebtedness, increase in bad debt
expense and charity care write-offs, and increased borrowing costs, any of which may negatively affect the
operations or financial condition of the Medical Center.

Legislative, Regulatory and Contractual Matters Affecting Revenue
         The health care industry is heavily regulated by the federal and state governments. A substantial
portion of revenue comes from governmental sources. Governmental revenue sources are subject to
legislative and policy changes by the governmental and private agencies that administer Medicare,
Medicaid, other third-party payors and governmental payors, and actions by, among others, The Joint
Commission, CMS and other federal, state and local government agencies. These agencies have broad
discretion to alter or eliminate programs that contribute significantly to revenues of the Medical Center.
In the past, there have been frequent and significant changes in the methods and standards used by
government agencies to reimburse and regulate the operation of hospitals. See “Health Care Reform”
herein for more information on current and proposed future changes in hospital reimbursement. No
assurances can be given that further substantial changes will not occur in the future or that payments
made under such programs will remain at levels comparable to the present levels or be sufficient to cover
all existing costs. While changes are anticipated, the impact of such changes on the Medical Center
cannot be predicted. The Medical Center is exploring the possibility of forming accountable care
organizations (and has formed a health home) and entering into risk based (capitation) agreements, which
would change the mentality of care delivery to one of promoting the wellness of a population of patients,
rather than treating diseases and other conditions that result from poor health maintenance. The
expectation of this evolving philosophy is to ultimately reduce the cost of health care and, therefore,
benefit patients and providers alike.

         The Medical Center has established estimates, based on information presently available, of
amounts due to or from Medicare and non-Medicare payors for adjustments to current and prior years’
payment rates, based on industry-wide and Medical Center-specific data. The current Medicaid,
Medicare and other third-party payor programs are based upon extremely complex laws and regulations
that are subject to interpretation. Medicare cost reports, which serve as the basis for final settlement with
government payors, have been settled through 2008. The Medical Center is not aware of any allegations
of noncompliance that could have a material adverse effect on its financial statements and believes that it
is in compliance, in all material respects, with all applicable laws and regulations.


                                                         21
         Legislation is periodically introduced in Congress and in the New York State Legislature that
could result in limitations on the Medical Center’s revenue, third-party payments and costs or charges, or
that could result in increased competition or an increase in the level of indigent care required to be
provided by the Medical Center. From time to time, legislative proposals are made at the federal and state
level to engage in broader reform of the health care industry, such as ACA. The effects of future reform
efforts on the Medical Center cannot be predicted.

State Budget

        In January 2011, Governor Andrew M. Cuomo issued Executive Order No. 5 creating the
Medicaid Redesign Team and setting in motion a process of substantial reform of New York’s Medicaid
program. The Medicaid Redesign Team, comprised of health care professionals, stakeholders in the
industry and legislators, was charged with reducing Medicaid costs and improving patient care. In
February 2011, the Medicaid Redesign Team issued a report containing findings and recommendations
for cost reductions of over $2.3 billion to the Governor for consideration in the budget negotiation
process. The majority of these recommendations (so-called “Phase I” proposals) were included in the
Final Budget for 2011-12 and passed by the New York legislature on March 31, 2011. The Final 2012-13
Budget, passed by the New York legislature on March 30, 2012, included a number of Phase II proposals
designed to continue the reformation of Medicaid within New York.

         The 2011-12 Final Budget included a series of changes and cost-containment measures such as
programmatic reforms to Medicaid payments and program structures; the elimination of annual statutory
inflation factors for hospitals, nursing homes and home and personal care providers ($185 million); a 2%
across-the-board rate reduction and other industry-specific measures ($345 million); the acceleration of
certain payments to take advantage of additional enhanced Federal Medical Assistance Percentage
payments ($66 million); mandatory managed care enrollment of previously exempt populations; changes
in the benefit package and reimbursement for certain overused benefits; and creation of new integrated
care models anticipated to save Medicaid dollars in the long run by improving patient care. The 2012-13
Final Budget continued the work of the Medicaid Redesign Team and included provisions calling for
further redesign of the basic benefit package; additional initiatives to provide integrated care; and a state
takeover of Medicaid administration from local governments.

         The 2012-13 Final Budget assumes a targeted growth rate for Medicaid equal to the ten-year
average change in the medical component of the Consumer Price Index (currently four percent) and
grants the Executive authority to hold Medicaid spending to this rate. If spending is projected to exceed
the budget cap, DOH and the State Department of Budget have the authority to develop and implement a
plan of action to bring spending in line with the cap, which could include modifying or reducing
reimbursement methods or program benefits. This authority expires after the 2013-14 budget year;
however, the cap remains in place and the statutory authority likely will be extended in subsequent years.
For 2012-13, the budget cap requires DOH to achieve savings of $3.3 billion. The 2011-12 New York
State budget year ended with Medicaid spending $14 million below the global spending cap. According
to DOH, Medicaid spending was 1% below projections and remained under the global spending cap
through July 2012. Although successful in meeting the budget cap in the first 18 months, higher-than-
average Medicaid enrollment threatens the ability of DOH to continue meeting the ambitious savings goal
in the future.

         Although the 2012-13 Final Budget contains the statutory tools necessary to implement the
recommendations of the Medicaid Redesign Team, there can be no assurance that these proposals will
achieve the level of gap-closing savings anticipated or limit the rate of annual growth in DOH State Funds
Medicaid spending. In addition, many of the cost-saving initiatives are dependent upon timely federal
approvals, appropriate amendments to the existing systems and processes and a collaborative working
relationship with health care industry stakeholders. Recently, DOH submitted its Medicaid Redesign

                                                     22
Team Waiver Amendment which is in the process of being reviewed by CMS (see “Health Care Reform –
Insurance Changes” herein).

         The effect of the Medicaid redesign process on the Medical Center will depend significantly on
participation in new models of integrated care delivery, the ability to collaborate with different types of
providers and relationships with Medicaid managed care plans, as those plans will play an increasingly
larger role over the next several years.

Medicare and Medicaid Reimbursement

         Medicare is a federal health benefits program administered by CMS, fiscal intermediaries and
carriers. Available to individuals age 65 or over, and certain other classes of individuals, the Medicare
program provides, among other things, health care benefits that cover, within prescribed limits, the major
costs of most medically necessary care for such individuals, subject to certain deductibles and co-
payments.

        Medicare Part A covers inpatient services and certain other services, Medicare Part B covers
certain outpatient services, medical supplies, durable medical equipment and physician services, and
Medicare Part C (also known as the Medicare Advantage Program) covers services for persons enrolled in
Medicare managed care organizations. Medicare pays most acute care hospitals for most services
provided to inpatients under a payment system known as the “Prospective Payment System” or “PPS.”
Under PPS, the amounts payable for services are established in advance of the services being rendered.
Separate PPS payments are made for inpatient operating costs and inpatient capital-related costs. Some
costs are also paid on the basis of “reasonable cost.”

        Medicaid is a federal health benefits program, also funded by states to various degrees, that is
state administered. Medicaid is available only to certain low-income individuals and families who fit into
an eligibility group that is recognized by federal and state law. Each state establishes the type, amount,
duration and scope of services under Medicaid and the rate of payment for such services. DOH
administers the New York Medicaid Program for New York State. Services are provided through use of a
Medicaid card or through a Medicaid managed care plan.

         Health care providers have been and will likely continue to be affected significantly by changes in
federal and state health care laws and regulations, particularly those pertaining to Medicare and Medicaid.
The Medicare Prescription Drug, Improvement and Modernization Act of 2003 contained many
significant changes to the Medicare program, including the availability of prescription drug coverage.
The Deficit Reduction Act of 2005 also contained significant changes including, among other things,
various provisions to decrease spending growth in the Medicare program while increasing health care
providers’ focus on quality and efficient delivery of health care services. ACA has continued this trend
toward greater cost containment and performance-based payments. See “Health Care Reform” herein.
Diverse and complex statutory and regulatory mechanisms, the effect of which is to limit the amount of
money paid to health care providers under both the Medicare and Medicaid programs, have been enacted
and approved in recent years. It is impossible to predict what effect, if any, current and future legislative
initiatives related to Medicare and Medicaid may have on the operations of the Medical Center. See
“APPENDIX A – MAIMONIDES MEDICAL CENTER–Sources of Patient Service Revenue” herein.

        Inpatient Operating Costs

        Under PPS, acute care hospitals are paid a specified amount towards their operating costs based
on the Medicare Severity Diagnosis Related Group (“MS-DRG”) to which each Medicare inpatient
service is assigned, which is determined by the diagnoses, procedures and other factors for each particular
inpatient stay. The amount paid for each MS-DRG is established prospectively by CMS as a part of the

                                                     23
Medical Center’s PPS, and is not related to a hospital’s actual costs. For each MS-DRG, CMS assigns a
weighting factor that reflects the relative hospital resources used with respect to discharges classified
within that group compared to discharges classified within other groups. Each MS-DRG weight
represents the average resources required to care for cases in that particular MS-DRG, relative to the
national average resources consumed per case by the “average” hospital. CMS is required to adjust, or
recalibrate, on a budget-neutral basis, the MS-DRG weights annually to reflect changes in treatment
patterns, new technologies and other factors affecting the use of hospital resources.

        To calculate the payment for a particular discharge, the MS-DRG weight is multiplied by a
“standardized amount” that reflects the operating and labor costs particular to the geographic region
where the hospital is located. The standardized amounts are adjusted annually based upon an annual
update factor. The annual update factor is based on a hospital “market basket” index, or the percentage
by which the cost of the mix of goods and services for the cost reporting period at issue will exceed the
cost of such mix of goods and services for the preceding 12-month cost reporting period. Congress can
apply a statutory adjustment to the market basket index for any given year. For every year since 1983,
Congress has modified the increases and given substantially less than the increase in the market basket
index. ACA provides for additional reductions to the market basket update, as well as other payment
adjustments, in future years. See “Health Care Reform–Payment Rules” herein. There is, therefore, no
assurance that future updates in MS-DRG payments will keep pace with the increases in providing
inpatient hospital services. Additional payments are available, where applicable, for the direct and
indirect costs of medical education, for hospitals serving a disproportionate share of patients subsidized
by federal funds and for certain atypical or “outlier” cases. With the exception of outlier cases, PPS
payments are not adjusted for actual costs or variations in service or length of stay. The PPS amount and
adjustments described above are calculated using formulae established by CMS that are revised
periodically pursuant to federal budgetary policy. There is no assurance that the Medical Center will be
paid amounts that adequately reflect the actual cost of providing health care or the cost of the health care
technologies available to patients.

        Outpatient Services

         Under Section 1833(t) of the Social Security Act, hospital outpatient services, including hospital
operating and capital costs, are paid on a prospective basis under a methodology known as the outpatient
prospective payment system (“OPPS”). Certain hospital supplier services, however, including certain
physician and non-physician practitioner services, ambulance, physical and occupational therapy, and
speech pathology services are reimbursed pursuant to fee schedules rather than pursuant to the hospital
OPPS. Under hospital OPPS, predetermined amounts are paid for designated services furnished to
Medicare beneficiaries. CMS classifies outpatient services and procedures, which are comparable
clinically and in terms of resource use, into ambulatory payment classification (“APC”) groups. Using
hospital outpatient claims data from the most recent available hospital cost reports, CMS determines the
median costs for the services and procedures in each APC group. Payment is made on the basis of the
APC group rather than on the cost of the individual service.

        Payments made under OPPS are adjusted annually based on the hospital inpatient market basket
percentage increase. In addition, hospitals must submit specified quality data in order to receive the full
market basket update in any given year. Failure to report such data results in a 2% reduction for all OPPS
services for the subsequent year.

        There can be no assurance that the hospital OPPS rate will be sufficient to cover the actual costs
of the Medical Center allocable to Medicare patient care. In addition to the APC rate, there is a
predetermined beneficiary coinsurance amount for each APC group. There can be no assurance that the
beneficiary will pay this amount.


                                                    24
        Medical Education Costs

        Medicare pays for certain costs associated with both direct and indirect medical education
(including portions of the salaries of residents and faculty and other overhead costs directly attributable to
medical education programs for training residents, nurses and allied health professionals) under Section
1886(h) of the Social Security Act. Payment for direct graduate medical education (“DGME”)
reimburses hospitals for the direct costs of their medical education programs, including faculty and
resident salaries and other costs incurred directly and in support of the teaching programs. The payment
amount for DGME costs for a cost reporting period is based on the hospital’s number of residents in that
period and the hospital’s costs per resident in a base year, multiplied by the hospital’s Medicare “patient
load.” Payment for the operating costs of indirect medical education is made as an adjustment to a
hospital’s MS-DRG payment and based on a statutory formula determined in part by the ratio of a
hospital’s number of full-time equivalent residents to its average number of staffed beds. There can be no
assurance that payments to the Medical Center for providing medical education will be adequate to cover
the costs attributable to medical education programs for training residents, nurses and allied health
professionals.

        Physician Payments

        Certain physician services are paid on a national fee schedule called the “resource-based-relative-
value scale” (“RB-RVS”). The RB-RVS fee schedule establishes payment amounts for all physician
services, including services of provider-based physicians, and is subject to annual updates. The
Sustainable Growth Rate (“SGR”), which is a limit on the growth of Medicare payments for physician
services, is linked to changes in the U.S. Gross Domestic Product over a ten-year period. SGR targets are
compared to actual expenditures in order to determine subsequent physician fee schedule updates. Since
2003, Congress has passed legislation to delay application of the SGR. The latest legislative act
postponing the implementation of SGR cuts, which averted an approximate 25% reduction to all
physician payments reimbursed under fee schedules, is effective only until December 31, 2012. There
can be no assurance that Congress again will intervene to prevent the SGR payment reduction or, if
delayed again, when the SGR formula will take effect, if ever.

        Capital Costs

         Hospitals are paid on a fully prospective basis for capital costs (including depreciation and
interest) related to the provision of inpatient services to Medicare beneficiaries. Thus, capital costs are
paid exclusively on the basis of a standard federal rate (based on average national costs), subject to certain
adjustments (such as for disproportionate share, indirect medical education and outlier cases) specific to
the Medical Center.

        There can be no assurance that the prospective payments for capital costs will be sufficient to
cover the actual capital-related costs of the Medical Center allocable to Medicare patient stays or to
provide adequate flexibility in meeting the Medical Center’s future capital needs.

        DSH Payments

         In addition to making payments for services provided directly to beneficiaries, Medicare makes
additional payments to hospitals that treat a disproportionately large number of low income patients.
These DSH payments are determined annually based on certain statistical information submitted to the
U.S. Department of Health and Human Services (“DHHS”) and are applied as a percentage addition to
MS-DRG payments. Hospitals receiving Medicare DSH payments may also receive Medicaid DSH
payments. The federal government distributes federal Medicaid DSH funds to each state based on a
statutory formula. The states then distribute DSH payments among qualifying hospitals.

                                                     25
        Annual Cost Reports

        All hospitals participating in the Medicare and Medicaid programs must meet specific financial
reporting requirements, which involve submission of annual cost reports to identify expenses associated
with the services provided to Medicare and Medicaid beneficiaries. These cost reports are subject to
routine audits, which may result in adjustments to the amounts ultimately determined to be due in
reimbursement. The audit process may be prolonged, and it may take several years to reach the final
determination of allowable amounts.

        Compliance and Reimbursement

         Hospitals must comply with standards called “Conditions of Participation” to be eligible for
Medicare and Medicaid reimbursement. CMS is responsible for ensuring that hospitals meet these
regulatory Conditions of Participation. Under applicable Medicare rules, hospitals accredited by The
Joint Commission are deemed to meet the Conditions of Participation. Failure to maintain The Joint
Commission accreditation or to otherwise comply with the Conditions of Participation or other applicable
state licensing requirements could have a material adverse effect on the revenues of the Medical Center.
However, there can be no assurance that the Medical Center will continue to receive The Joint
Commission accreditation in the future.

        CMS also has announced an initiative to require all Medicare-certified providers, including
hospitals, to revalidate their Medicare enrollment records by March 2015 in order for CMS to implement
new screening criteria mandated by ACA. Under this initiative, Medicare contractors will send
mandatory revalidation requests to providers, who will have a limited time to respond to the requests.
Failure to timely revalidate Medicare enrollment records for any hospital facility could result in
deactivation or termination of a hospital’s provider agreement, which could adversely affect the hospital’s
patient services revenues and financial performance. The Medical Center recently revalidated for its
psychiatric exempt unit and is in the process of revalidating for the remainder of the hospital.

Managed Care and Other Private Initiatives
         Currently, the term “managed care” refers to all commercial relationships between payors and
providers. The term covers the negotiated arrangement for prices and payment terms that a health care
provider will accept from a payor on behalf of a covered individual. All prices and terms are carefully
articulated in contracts between providers and payors. Prices and terms differ for each hospital and for each
payor and, usually, for each product sold by each payor. For example, a payor may sell HMO, PPO,
Medicare and Medicaid products to various populations. That payor will then have a unique price
established with each individual hospital for every covered service offered for each product sold.

         Typical payment methodologies that have been established include severity-adjusted case neutral
rates; per diem rates for stays in a Medical/Surgical Unit, Intensive Care Unit, and Cardiac Care Unit; case
rates for obstetric deliveries, open heart surgeries and other tertiary level services; discounts from full
charges; and set fees for outpatient services. Capitation and risk arrangements, which carry significant risk
for providers, are not currently a material segment of the Medical Center’s payment arrangements.
Management believes that the Medical Center, on a yearly contracting basis, has developed equitable
pricing arrangements with most of the significant payors with which it contracts. As part of these negotiated
contracts, the Medical Center has developed payment terms limiting the extent to which a payor may
retroactively deny payments for services, which has been a common practice among managed care
companies. The contracts also define requirements for insurers/managed care payors to conduct concurrent
and prospective reviews. Some contracts contain provisions for advances and Periodic Interim Payments
(PIP) as well as other terms that are financially acceptable to the Medical Center. However, these contracts
have finite terms and are subject to renegotiation, and managed care payors are expected to continue to seek


                                                     26
ways to reduce the utilization of health care services. Traditional insurance companies and managed care
organizations in the State are increasingly offering managed care programs, including various payment
methodologies and utilization controls through the use of primary care physicians. Payment methodologies
include per diem rates, per discharge rates, discounts from established charges, fee schedules and capitation
payments. Enrollment in managed care programs has increased, and managed care programs are expected
to have a greater influence on the manner in which health care services are delivered and paid for in the
future. In addition, some managed care organizations have been delaying reimbursements to hospitals,
thereby affecting cash flows. The Medical Center’s financial condition may be adversely affected by these
trends. See “APPENDIX A – MAIMONIDES MEDICAL CENTER – Patient Insurers/Managed Care”
herein.

Medicare and Medicaid Managed Care

        The Medicare program has encouraged the development of managed care products for Medicare
beneficiaries. Enrollment in a Medicare managed care product is voluntary and enrollees may disenroll and
re-enroll in the traditional fee-for-service Medicare system. Managed Medicare plans may be structured as
HMOs, PPOs, private fee-for-service-plans or Provider Sponsored Organizations.

        The federal Medicare program pays each managed Medicare plan a pre-established monthly
premium for each Medicare beneficiary who voluntarily enrolls in the plan. The premium levels are set at a
regional average price adjusted by each enrollee’s age, gender and other considerations. In return for the
premium, the plan pays for all the covered and medically necessary services delivered to the enrollee in the
month. The plan is at full financial risk for costs incurred for caring for its enrollees in the given month, as
described above.

        The establishment of the Medicare Advantage program in 2003 increased reimbursement to
managed Medicare plans, many of which in turn offered increased benefits coverage to beneficiaries. ACA,
however, provides for reductions to managed Medicare plan payments, with the intention of aligning
managed Medicare per capita premium payments with expenditures in the traditional Medicare fee-for-
service program.

        The Medical Center also participates in the federal and New York State Medicaid program. In order
to control Medicaid expenditures, the State has sought to enroll large numbers of Medicaid patients in
managed care programs because experience in other states has shown that inpatient utilization decreases for
Medicaid recipients who are enrolled in such programs. The rules for the enrollment of Medicaid patients in
managed care programs, premium payments to managed care organizations, and the resulting and potential
financial risks to the Medical Center are similar to those already discussed above for Medicare managed
care programs.

        New York State’s program for mandatory Medicaid managed care enrollment, The Partnership Plan
(also known as the 1115 Waiver), was approved by CMS in July 1997, allowing the State to begin enrolling
most Medicaid recipients in managed care plans. Mandatory Medicaid managed care enrollment programs
were instituted throughout New York City, and a significant portion of the Medicaid eligible population has
been enrolled in managed care plans. Since 1997, the Partnership Plan 1115 Waiver has since been
extended several times, most recently as of August 2011, effective through December 31, 2014, although
the waiver authority for New York’s Medicaid managed care program extends only through March 31,
2014. However, New York State is requesting a 5-year extension in October 2012. The latest amendments
to the Partnership Plan 1115 Waiver have further extended the groups eligible and required to enroll in
Medicaid managed care, which will likely result in an increase in Medicaid managed care admissions.

        The Medical Center has been attempting to retain volume and reasonable reimbursement through its
ownership interest in Healthfirst and contracts with a few other large Medicaid managed care insurers. In
particular, the Medical Center is working with health plans, social service agencies and others to ensure that

                                                      27
Medicaid patients currently cared for by the Medical Center will continue to have access to these facilities
throughout the managed Medicaid enrollment process. Despite these efforts, Medicaid patient volume at the
Medical Center may be reduced, partially attributable to competition from other health networks and the
uncertainty relating to this historic change in the process for treating Medicaid. The teaching component of
Medicaid and managed Medicaid reimbursement is expected to continue to be paid by the State directly to
the hospitals.

         Future actions by the federal and state governments are expected to continue the trend toward more
restrictive limits on payment for hospital services. Management of the Medical Center cannot assess or
predict the ultimate effect of any such legislation or regulation, if enacted or adopted, on its operations. See
“APPENDIX A – MAIMONIDES MEDICAL CENTER – Patient Insurers/Managed Care” herein.

Certain Accreditations

        The Medical Center has received accreditation from The Joint Commission and is subject to
periodic review by The Joint Commission. No assurance can be given as to the effect on future
operations of existing, or subsequently amended, laws, regulations and standards for certification or
accreditation. See “APPENDIX A – MAIMONIDES MEDICAL CENTER – Licensure and
Accreditation” herein.

        In addition, the Medical Center sponsors programs of graduate medical education (“GME
Programs”), training residents and fellows, which programs are accredited by the Accreditation Council
for Graduate Medical Education (“ACGME”) (for medical programs) and by the American Dental
Association (“ADA”) (for dental programs). All GME Programs are subject to periodic review by the
applicable specialty Residency Review Committee of the ACGME, or by the ADA, as appropriate. No
assurance can be given as to (i) the outcome of future reviews of these GME Programs (ii) such
programs’ continued accreditation or (iii) the continuing eligibility of the costs associated therewith for
graduate medical education reimbursement.

Competition

        Payments to the hospital industry have undergone rapid and fundamental changes triggered by the
deregulation of the acute care hospital reimbursement system and the requirement to negotiate, all
nongovernment contracts and prices. This may further increase competitive pressures on acute care
hospitals, including the Medical Center. The Medical Center faces and will continue to face competition
from other hospitals, integrated delivery systems, ambulatory care providers, rehabilitation facilities,
freestanding independent diagnostic treatment facilities and increasingly sophisticated physician group
practices, among others that offer similar health care services as well as expanded preventive medicine
treatment.

         The competition for physicians has intensified in recent years, with frequent recruitment efforts
by hospitals both locally and nationally to attract physicians away from competing hospitals in order to
bolster admissions and profitability attributable to the patients such physicians frequently bring with them
or are able to attract.

         There are many limitations on the ability of a hospital to increase volume and control costs, and
there can be no assurance that volume increases or expense reductions needed to maintain the financial
stability of the Medical Center will occur.

        Management believes that insurers will encourage competition among hospitals and providers on
the basis of price, payment terms and quality. Payors have used the threat of patient steerage, restrictive
physician contracting, carve outs and network exclusion to drive provider prices lower. This may lead to


                                                      28
increased competition among hospitals based on price where insurance companies attempt to steer
patients to the hospitals that have the most favorable contracts.

Workforce Shortages

        Historically, workforce shortages have affected health care organizations at the local, regional
and national level though shortages have abated due to current economic conditions. There can be no
assurance that such workforce shortages will not reoccur when economic conditions stabilize or as the
population continues to age; such workforce shortages could adversely affect the Medical Center’s ability
to control costs and its financial performance in the future.

        In order to recruit and retain professional and nursing staff to strengthen clinical services, the
Medical Center has offered, and in the future may have to offer, competitive salaries to both newly
recruited individuals and existing staff. In some years such salaries have increased, and in the future may
be required to increase, more than the rate of inflation. Such increases in the future may exceed increases
in the Medical Center’s rates of payment.

Labor Relations and Collective Bargaining

        Hospitals and other health care providers often are large employers with a wide diversity of
employees. Increasingly, employees of hospitals and other providers are becoming unionized, and many
hospitals and other providers have collective bargaining agreements with one or more labor organizations.
Employees subject to collective bargaining agreements may include essential nursing and technical
personnel, as well as food service, maintenance and other trade personnel. Renegotiation of such
agreements upon expiration may result in significant cost increases to the affected members. In addition,
employee strikes or other adverse labor actions may have an adverse impact on the Medical Center. See
“APPENDIX A – MAIMONIDES MEDICAL CENTER – Collective Bargaining Agreements/Employee
Relations” herein.

Multiemployer Pension Plans

         Certain Medical Center employees are covered by defined benefit multiemployer pension plans
(each, a “Plan”) to which the Medical Center makes contributions pursuant to collective bargaining
agreements. Each Plan covers employees of multiple unrelated employers, and employers do not
typically have access to complete and current information concerning the funding status of a Plan. Plans
carry with them the risk that benefit liabilities associated with one participating employer may, over time,
be shouldered by other participating employers through increased contributions payable by them, for
example where a participating employer is unable to make its required contributions (e.g., due to
bankruptcy). Further, under pension regulations, all members of a “controlled group,” including such a
participating employer, determined under Internal Revenue Service rules, generally are jointly and
severally liable together with such participating employer to make contributions to the Plan.

         Entities that participate in a Plan, including the Medical Center, are subject to various risks,
including but not limited to lack of transparency concerning the full extent of the funding status of the
Plan; lack of transparency concerning creditworthiness of other employers participating in the Plan (and
attendant risk liability for shortfalls in funding by such other employers); unpredictable spikes in pension
cost upon renewal of collective bargaining agreements due to underfunding of the Plan resulting from
failure by other employers to contribute to the Plan as required or other causes such as adverse investment
results with respect to Plan assets or increases in Plan liabilities due to benefit increases or changes in
actuarial assumptions; withdrawal liabilities as described above; and other factors which may be outside
the knowledge or control of the Medical Center.



                                                    29
        Under current generally accepted accounting principles, the extent of any funding shortfall in a
Plan is not recorded as a liability of a participating employer on its financial statements, although the
amount of such funding shortfall which may be allocated to such participating employer may be material.

        Changes in generally accepted accounting principles which took effect for the Medical Center’s
fiscal year ended December 31, 2011 required that an employer’s financial statements reflect certain
additional information concerning the extent of its participation in a Plan, the most recent certified
funding “zone” status of the Plan, and certain other information, not including the dollar amount of any
current underfunding of such Plan (which, as noted above, is not generally known by the employers on a
current basis). See “APPENDIX A – MAIMONIDES MEDICAL CENTER – Collective Bargaining
Agreements/Employee Benefits” and “–Pension Plans and Post-Retirement Health Care Benefits” herein.

Federal Fraud and Abuse Laws and Regulations
        The federal Anti-Kickback Law is a criminal statute that prohibits anyone from knowingly or
willfully offering, paying, soliciting or receiving any remuneration, directly or indirectly, in return for or
to induce business that may be paid for, in whole or in part, under a federal health care program including,
but not limited to, the Medicare or Medicaid programs. ACA amended the Anti-Kickback Law to provide
that a claim that includes items or services resulting from a violation of the Anti-Kickback Law now
constitutes a false or fraudulent claim for purposes of the False Claims Act. Violation of the Anti-
Kickback Law is a felony, subject to a maximum fine of $25,000 for each criminal act, imprisonment for
up to five years and exclusion from the Medicare and Medicaid programs. The Office of Inspector
General of the United States Department of Health and Human Services (the “OIG”), the enforcement
arm of DHHS, can also initiate an administrative exclusion of a provider from the Medicare and Medicaid
programs. In addition, civil monetary penalties of $50,000 for each act in violation of the Anti-Kickback
Law or damages equal to three times the amount of prohibited remuneration may be imposed and
violation of this law also renders the violator civilly liable under the False Claims Act. The scope of
prohibited payments in the Anti-Kickback Law is broad and includes many economic arrangements
involving hospitals, physicians and other health care providers, including, but not limited to, joint
ventures, space and equipment rentals, recruitment of physicians, purchases of physician practices, and
management and personal services contracts. However, OIG has established regulatory safe harbors for
various payment and business practices that are safe from prosecution though they may be prohibited
from the Anti-Kickback Law.

        The outcome of any government efforts to enforce the Anti-Kickback Law against health care
providers is difficult to predict due, in part, to government discretion in pursuing enforcement and the
lack of significant case law.

Federal and State False Claims Acts
          The federal criminal False Claims Act (“criminal FCA”) makes it illegal to submit or present a
false, fictitious or fraudulent claim to the federal government. Violation of the criminal FCA can result in
imprisonment and/or a fine. The federal civil False Claims Act (“civil FCA”), is one of the government’s
primary weapons against health care fraud. Under the civil FCA, those who knowingly submit, or cause
another person or entity to submit, false claims for payment of government funds are liable for three times
the government’s damages plus civil penalties ranging from $5,500 to $11,000 per false claim.

         On May 20, 2009, the Fraud Enforcement and Recovery Act of 2009 (“FERA”) was signed into
law. It included significant amendments to the civil FCA. Among other items, FERA expanded the
scope of potential civil FCA liability, increased the Attorney General’s power to delegate authority to
investigate a civil FCA case prior to intervening in a civil FCA action and increased protections for
whistleblower plaintiffs beyond employees. ACA also amended the civil FCA by expanding the numbers
of activities that are subject to enforcement as violations of the civil FCA including, among other actions,

                                                     30
failure to report and return to a federal health care program a known overpayment within 60 days of
having identified the overpayment or, for cost-reporting entities, the date (if later) on which a hospital
cost report is due.

       The State of New York also has a False Claims Act which closely tracks the federal civil FCA. It
imposes penalties and fines on individuals and entities that file false or fraudulent claims for payment
from any state or local government, including health care programs such as Medicaid. The civil FCA and
the New York State False Claims Act also permit individuals to initiate actions on behalf of the
government in lawsuits called qui tam actions. These qui tam plaintiffs, or “whistleblowers,” can share in
the damages recovered by the government.

         Under the civil FCA and the New York State False Claims Act, health care providers may be
liable if they take steps to obtain improper payments from the government by submitting false claims or
failing to refund known overpayments. Civil FCA and the New York State False Claims Act violations
have been alleged solely on the existence of alleged kickback or self-referral arrangements. Even in the
absence of evidence that literally false claims have been submitted, these cases argue that the improper
business relationship tainted the subsequently submitted claims, thereby rendering the claims false under
the civil FCA and the New York State False Claims Act. Other FCA and New York State False Claims
Act cases have proceeded on a theory that providers are liable for the submission of false claims when
they are not in full compliance with applicable legal and regulatory standards. It is impossible to predict
with certainty whether courts will uniformly hold that regulatory non-compliance and anti-kickback or
self-referral violations are subject to prosecutions as false claims. If a provider is faced with a civil FCA
and New York State False Claims Act prosecution based on one of these theories, however, allocation of
the funds required to contest or settle the matter could have a material adverse impact on the Medical
Center and, potentially, its affiliates.

Limitations on Certain Arrangements Imposed by Federal Ethics in Patient Referrals Act

         The federal Ethics in Patient Referrals Act (known as the “Stark Law”) prohibits the referral of
Medicare and Medicaid patients for certain “designated health services” to entities with which the
referring physician (or an immediate family member of such physician) has a financial relationship. The
statute also prohibits the entity furnishing the “designated health services” from billing the Medicare or
Medicaid program for designated health services furnished pursuant to a prohibited referral. The
designated health services subject to these prohibitions are clinical laboratory services, physical and
occupational therapy services, radiology services (including magnetic resonance imaging, computerized
tomography and ultrasound), radiation therapy services and supplies (not including nuclear medicine),
durable medical equipment and supplies, parenteral and enteral nutrients (including equipment and
supplies), orthotic and prosthetic devices and supplies, speech language pathology, home health services,
outpatient prescription drugs, and inpatient and outpatient hospital services (not including lithotripsy).

        The New York Health Care Practitioner Referral Law (the “State Provisions”) is similar to the
Stark Law; however, it covers all patients (irrespective of payor) and prohibits practitioners from referring
a patient to a health care provider for clinical laboratory services, x-ray imaging services, radiation
therapy services, physical therapy or pharmacy services if the referring practitioner (or an immediate
family member) has a financial interest in the health care provider.

        A financial relationship, for purposes of the Stark Law and State Provisions (the Stark Law and
State Provisions are hereinafter collectively referred to as “Stark”), is defined as either an ownership or
investment interest in the entity or a compensation arrangement between the practitioner (or immediate
family member) and the entity. An ownership or investment interest may be through equity, debt, or
other means and includes an interest in an entity that holds an ownership or investment interest in an
entity providing the designated health services. Many ordinary business practices and economically

                                                     31
desirable arrangements with physicians would constitute “financial relationships” within the meaning of
Stark.

        Stark provides certain exceptions to these restrictions, but these exceptions are narrow and an
arrangement must fully comply with an exception. If the relationship (which would include
compensation arrangements such as employment and other professional services relationships, and
ownership or investment interests) between a physician/practitioner and the hospital cannot be made to fit
within the exceptions, the hospital will not be permitted to accept referrals for designated services from
the physician/practitioner who has such financial relationship.

        Violations of Stark can result in denial or refund of payment, substantial civil money penalties,
and exclusion from the Medicare and Medicaid programs. In certain circumstances, knowing violations
may also create liability under the civil FCA or criminal FCA. Enforcement actions for any such
violations could have a material adverse impact on the financial condition of a health care provider,
including the Medical Center.

Regulation of Patient Transfers

         Federal and New York laws require hospitals to provide emergency treatment to all persons
presenting themselves with emergency medical conditions. Congress enacted the Emergency Medical
Treatment and Active Labor Act (“EMTALA”) in response to concerns regarding inappropriate hospital
transfers of emergency patients based on the patient’s inability to pay for the services provided.
EMTALA requires hospitals with emergency rooms, including the Medical Center, to treat or conduct an
appropriate and uniform medical screening for emergency conditions (including active labor) on all
patients and to stabilize a patient’s emergency medical condition before releasing, discharging or
transferring the patient to another hospital.

        Failure to comply with EMTALA can result in exclusion from the Medicare and/or Medicaid
programs as well as civil penalties of up to $50,000 per violation. In addition, a hospital will be liable for
any claim by an individual who has suffered harm as a result of such violation.

Civil Monetary Penalty Act

        The federal Civil Monetary Penalty Act (“CMPA”) provides for administrative sanctions against
health care providers for a broad range of billing and other abuses. A health care provider is liable under
CMPA if it knowingly presents, or causes to be presented, improper claims for reimbursement under
Medicare, Medicaid and other federal health care programs. A hospital that participates in arrangements
known as “gain sharing” by paying a physician to limit or reduce services to Medicare fee-for-service
beneficiaries that is done on an improper basis also would be subject to CMPA penalties. A health care
provider that provides benefits to Medicare or Medicaid beneficiaries that the provider knows or should
know are likely to induce the beneficiaries to choose the provider for their care also would be subject to
CMPA penalties. CMPA authorizes imposition of a civil money penalty and treble damages. ACA
amended CMPA to establish various new grounds for exclusion and civil monetary penalties, as well as
increased penalty thresholds for existing civil monetary penalties.

        Health care providers may be found liable under CMPA even when they did not have actual
knowledge of the impropriety of their action. Knowingly undertaking the action is sufficient and
ignorance of the Medicare regulations is no defense. The imposition of civil money penalties on a health
care provider could have a material adverse impact on the provider’s financial condition.




                                                     32
Exclusions from Medicare or Medicaid Participation

         The Secretary of DHHS is required to exclude from governmental program participation
(including Medicare and Medicaid) for not less than five years any individual or entity who has been
convicted of a criminal offense relating to the delivery of any item or service reimbursed under Medicare
or a state health care program, any criminal offense relating to patient neglect or abuse in connection with
the delivery of health care, felony fraud against any federal, state or locally financed health care program
or an offense relating to the illegal manufacture, distribution, prescription or dispensing of a controlled
substance. DHHS also may exclude individuals or entities under certain other circumstances, such as an
unrelated conviction of fraud, theft, embezzlement, breach of fiduciary duty or other financial misconduct
relating either to the delivery of health care in general or to participation in a federal, state or local
government program. The New York State Office of the Medicaid Inspector General (“OMIG”) also has
the authority to exclude individuals and entities from participation in Medicaid. Providers are excluded
for reasons that may include program-related convictions, patient abuse or neglect convictions, and
licensing board disciplinary actions. ACA authorizes the Secretary of DHHS to exclude a provider from
participation in Medicare and Medicaid, as well as to suspend payments to a provider pending an
investigation or prosecution of a credible allegation of fraud against the provider.

Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act

        The Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 (“HIPAA”) established civil and
criminal sanctions for health care fraud which expanded upon prior health care fraud laws and applies to
health care benefit programs.

         HIPAA also provides for punishment of a health care provider for knowingly and willfully
embezzling, stealing, converting or intentionally misapplying any money, funds, securities, premiums,
credits, property or other assets of a health care benefit program. A health care provider convicted of
health care fraud could be subject to mandatory exclusion from the Medicare program.

        HIPAA also required DHHS to adopt national standards for electronic health care transactions,
including:

        (i)      standardized electronic transaction formats and code sets to allow standardized electronic
                 transmission of health care claims and information;

        (ii)     unique identifiers to support these standard transmissions;

        (iii)    comprehensive privacy standards establishing a minimum threshold for determining
                 when to allow access to or disclosure of personal health information (the “Privacy
                 Rule”); and

        (iv)     security mechanisms to guard against unauthorized access to health information (the
                 “Security Rule”).

         HIPAA imposes civil monetary penalties for violations and criminal penalties for knowingly
obtaining or using individually identifiable health information. The penalties range from $50,000 to
$250,000 or imprisonment for up to 10 years if the information was for a violation of willful neglect or
for a violation related to the intent to sell, transfer or use the individually identifiable health information
for commercial advantage, personal gain or malicious harm.

        Compliance with HIPAA has required changes in information technology platforms, major
operational and procedural changes in the handling of data, and vigilance in monitoring of ongoing


                                                      33
compliance with the various regulations. The Medical Center has implemented HIPAA training and
ongoing monitoring, which have been in place since April 2003. The financial cost of compliance with
the “administrative simplification” regulations is substantial.

        On February 17, 2009, President Obama signed into law the Health Information Technology for
Economic and Clinical Health Act (the “HITECH Act”). The HITECH Act expands the scope and
application of the administrative simplification provisions of HIPAA, and its implementing regulations,
(i) extending the reach of the Privacy Rule and Security Rule to business associates, (ii) imposing a
written notice obligation upon covered entities for security breaches involving “unsecured” protected
health information, (iii) limiting certain uses and disclosures of protected health information, (iv)
increasing individuals’ rights with respect to protected health information, (v) increasing penalties for
violations, and (vi) providing for enforcement of violations by State attorney generals. Many of the
HITECH Act’s provisions became effective on February 17, 2010, but other provisions require
implementing regulations and may become effective at some point in 2013 or thereafter. While the
effects of the HITECH Act cannot be predicted at this time, the obligations imposed thereunder could
have a material adverse effect on the financial condition of the Medical Center.

        Under the HITECH Act, the Electronic Health Record (“EHR”) Incentive Program provides
incentive payments to eligible professionals, eligible hospitals and critical access hospitals participating in
Medicare and Medicaid to adopt and successfully demonstrate meaningful use of certified EHR
technology. The Medical Center has received incentive payments for 2012 and expects to receive
incentive payments for 2013 and 2014. CMS has begun audits to determine if recipients were entitled to
the incentive payments and, starting in 2015, non-compliant recipients will have payment adjustments
made to their Medicare reimbursements.

         The Office for Civil Rights of DHHS (OCR) is putting increased emphasis on enforcement. In
2012, OCR entered into a number of highly publicized, high value settlements with HIPAA-covered
entities stemming from alleged violations of HIPAA. The settlements are also noteworthy because they
indicate that OCR is interested in enforcing violations of the HIPAA Security Rule, not just the HIPAA
Privacy Rule. In addition, at the end of 2011, OCR launched a HIPAA Privacy & Security Audit
Program pursuant to which audits conducted by an outside consultant, KPMG, are now underway across
the country. There have also been additional cases where state attorneys general, exercising the powers
given them under the HITECH Act, have brought actions against covered entities for alleged HIPAA
violations seeking significant penalties.

Security Breaches and Unauthorized Releases of Personal Information

        State and local authorities are increasingly focused on the importance of protecting the
confidentiality of individuals’ personal information, including patient health information. Many states
have enacted laws requiring businesses to notify individuals of security breaches that result in the
unauthorized release of personal information. In some states, notification requirements may be triggered
even where information has not been used or disclosed, but rather has been inappropriately accessed.
State consumer protection laws may also provide the basis for legal action for privacy and security
breaches, and frequently, unlike HIPAA, authorize a private right of action. In particular, the public
nature of security breaches exposes health organizations to increased risk of individual or class action
lawsuits from patients or other affected persons, in addition to government enforcement. Failure to
comply with restrictions on patient privacy or to maintain robust information security safeguards,
including taking steps to ensure that contractors who have access to sensitive patient information maintain
the confidentiality of such information, could consequently damage a health care provider’s reputation
and materially adversely affect business operations.




                                                      34
         New York State has numerous laws impacting dissemination of specific health-related
information. For example, the New York State Information Security Breach and Notification Act,
effective December 8, 2005, requires any entity conducting business in New York State to disclose any
“breach of the security of a system” to any New York resident whose unencrypted personal information
was acquired by an unauthorized person. Personal information means computerized unencrypted
identifying information including any of the following three data elements: social security number,
driver’s license number, and account number or credit or debit card number if the personal identification
number was also disclosed. The Attorney General of the State of New York can sue to recover actual
damages including financial losses incurred by New York residents, who are entitled to receive
notification and a civil penalty for a knowing or reckless violation of up to the greater of $5,000 or $10.00
per instance of failed notification up to $150,000. Statutory remedies are in addition to other lawful
remedies such as private actions. New York State also has a number of laws protecting the use and
disclosure of social security numbers pursuant to which civil penalties in the amount of $1,000 for a
single violation and not more than $100,000 for multiple violations may be imposed. For a second or
subsequent violations penalties run from not more than $5,000 for a single violation to not more than
$250,000 for multiple violations resulting from a single incident.

Enforcement Activity

        Enforcement activity against health care providers and funding for such enforcement activity has
increased, and enforcement authorities are adopting more aggressive approaches. ACA provided $10
million per year for fiscal years 2011-2020 and an additional $250 million over fiscal years 2011-2016 for
various health care fraud initiatives. In the current regulatory climate, it is anticipated that many hospitals
will be subject to billing or false claim investigations, audits or inquiries. Due to the complexity of the
Federal and State fraud and abuse laws, the instances in which an alleged violation may trigger such
investigations, audits or inquiries are increasing and could result in enforcement action against the
Medical Center.

         Enforcement authorities are sometimes in a position to compel settlements from providers
charged with, or being investigated for, false claims violations by withholding or threatening to withhold
Medicare, Medicaid or similar payments or by threatening the possibility of a criminal action. In
addition, the cost of defending such an action, the time and management attention consumed thereby and
the facts of a particular case may dictate settlement. Therefore, regardless of the merits of a particular
case or cases, the Medical Center could experience materially adverse settlement costs, as well as
materially adverse costs associated with the implementation of any settlement agreement. Prolonged and
publicized investigations could be damaging to the reputation, business and credit of the Medical Center,
regardless of the outcome, and could have material adverse consequences on the financial condition of the
Medical Center.

Increased Enforcement Affecting Academic Research

          In addition to increasing enforcement of laws governing payment and reimbursement, the federal
government has also increased enforcement of laws and regulations governing the conduct of clinical
trials at hospitals. DHHS elevated and strengthened its Office of Human Research Protection, one of the
agencies with responsibility for monitoring federally funded research. In addition, the National Institute
of Health (“NIH”) significantly increased the number of facility inspections that these agencies perform.
The United States Food and Drug Administration (“FDA”) also has authority over the conduct of clinical
trials performed in hospitals when these trials are conducted on behalf of sponsors seeking FDA approval
to market the drug or device that is the subject of the research. Moreover, OIG, in past “Work Plans” has
included several enforcement initiatives related to reimbursement for experimental drugs and devices
(including kickback concerns) and has issued compliance program guidance directed at recipients of
extramural research awards from the NIH and other agencies of the U.S. Public Health Service. The

                                                      35
Medical Center receives payments for health care items and services under many of these grants and is
subject to complex and, at times, ambiguous coverage principles and rules governing billing for items or
services it provides to patients participating in clinical trials funded by governmental agencies and private
sponsors. These agencies’ enforcement powers range from substantial fines and penalties to exclusion of
researchers and suspension or termination of entire research programs, and errors in the billing of
Medicare for care provided to patients enrolled in clinical trials that are not eligible for Medicare
reimbursement can subject the Medical Center to sanctions as well as repayment obligations.

Increased Costs and State-Regulated Reimbursement

         In recent years, substantial cutbacks in personnel and other cost-cutting measures have been
instituted at hospitals throughout the State. Generally, these cutbacks have been instituted to address the
disparity between rising medical costs and State-regulated reimbursement formulas, including those for
Medicaid, Blue Cross and Blue Shield, and other third-party payors. Rising health care costs resulted
from, among other factors, health care costs exceeding inflation, staff shortages, increased pharmaceutical
and medical device costs, and the highly technical nature of the industry. The Medical Center has been
affected by the impact of such rising costs, and there can be no assurance that the Medical Center would
not be similarly affected by the impact of additional unreimbursed costs in the future.

Department of Health Regulations

        The Medical Center is subject to regulations of DOH. Compliance with such regulations may
require substantial expenditures for administrative or other costs. The Medical Center’s ability to add
services or beds and to materially modify existing services is also subject to DOH review and approval.
Approvals can be highly discretionary, may involve substantial delay and may require substantial changes
in the proposed request. Accordingly, the Medical Center’s ability to make changes to its service
offerings and respond to changes in the environment may be limited.

New York State Executive Order

         On January 18, 2012, Governor Andrew Cuomo signed an Executive Order limiting spending for
administrative costs and executive compensation at state-funded service providers. The Medical Center
may be subject to the limitations contained in the Executive Order. The Executive Order limits
reimbursement with State funds for executive compensation to $199,000 annually per executive and
requires that 75% (increasing to 85% by April 1, 2015) of State-authorized payments be directed to direct
care or services, rather than administrative costs. On May 30, 2012, DOH published proposed regulations
to implement the Executive Order, effective January 1, 2013. However, the way in which the final
regulations may impact the Medical Center remains unclear. Accordingly, it is impossible at this time to
predict what changes in accounting or practices might be required of the Medical Center as a result of
these regulations.

Other Governmental Regulation and Accreditation Activity

        The Medical Center is subject to regulatory actions and policy changes by those governmental
and private agencies that administer the Medicare and Medicaid programs, and actions by, among others,
the U.S. Department of Labor, the National Labor Relations Board, professional and industrial
associations of staff and employees, applicable professional review organizations, The Joint Commission,
the Environmental Protection Agency, the Internal Revenue Service (“IRS”), other federal, state and local
governmental agencies, and by the various federal, state and local agencies created by the National Health
Planning and Resources Development Act and the Occupational Safety Health Act. Hospitals, including
the Medical Center, are also periodically subject to audits and other investigations relating to various
segments of their operations which could result in expensive and prolonged enforcement actions.

                                                     36
        Renewal and continuation of certain of these licenses, certifications and accreditations are based
on inspections, surveys, audits, investigations or other reviews, some of which may require or include
affirmative activity or response by the Medical Center. These activities generally are conducted in the
normal course of business of health facilities. Nevertheless, an adverse result could cause a loss or
reduction in the Medical Center’s scope of licensure, certification or accreditation, could reduce the
payment received or could require repayment of amounts previously remitted to the provider.

OIG and OMIG Compliance Guidelines

         On February 23, 1998, OIG published Compliance Program Guidance (“CPG”) for the hospital
industry. In recognition of the significant changes in the delivery and reimbursement for hospital services
that have occurred since the CPG’s publication, OIG published Supplemental Compliance Program
Guidance on January 31, 2005.              These issuances (collectively, the “Guidances”) provide
recommendations to hospitals for adopting and implementing effective programs to promote compliance
with applicable federal and state law and the program requirements of federal, state, and private health
plans, and they include a discussion of significant risk areas for hospitals. Compliance with the
Guidances is currently voluntary, but as discussed in “Health Care Reform” above, every hospital will
soon be required to establish and maintain a compliance program that meets the Guidances. Regardless,
compliance with the Guidances is an important factor in controlling risk because OIG will consider the
existence of an effective compliance program that pre-dated any governmental investigation when
addressing the appropriateness of administrative penalties. The Medical Center maintains a corporate
compliance program that is designed to assist the Board and staff to meet or exceed applicable standards
established by federal and state laws and regulations. However, the existence of a compliance program or
compliance therewith does not guarantee that health care providers, such as the Medical Center, will not
be investigated by one or more federal or state agencies that enforce health care fraud and abuse laws or
that they will not be required to make repayments to various health care insurers (including the Medicare
and/or Medicaid programs).

        Since October 2009, hospitals in New York have been required by statute and regulation to have
an effective compliance program that meets applicable statutory regulatory Medicaid program
requirements. The compliance program must include, among other things, a chief compliance officer,
written policies and the conduct of audits after the identification of risk areas. OMIG may conduct audits
of compliance programs and assess their effectiveness. Under New York law, each year the Medical
Center must certify that it has a compliance program in place and that it has been effective, and
management of the Medical Center has advised that it will so certify this year.

Not-for-Profit Status

        As a non-profit tax-exempt organization, the Medical Center is subject to federal, state and local
laws, regulations, rulings and court decisions relating to its organization and operation, including its
operation for charitable purposes. At the same time, the Medical Center conducts large-scale complex
business transactions and is a significant employer in its geographic area. The rules designed to regulate a
wide range of charitable organizations are required to be integrated into the day-to-day operations of a
complex health care organization.

         Recently, an increasing number of the operations or practices of health care providers have been
challenged or questioned to determine if they are consistent with the regulatory requirements for non-
profit tax-exempt organizations. These challenges, in some cases, are broader than concerns about
compliance with federal and state statutes and regulations, such as Medicare and Medicaid compliance,
and instead, in many cases, are examinations of core business practices of the health care organizations.
Areas that have come under examination have included pricing practices, billing and collection practices,
charitable care, executive compensation, exemption of property from real property taxation and others.

                                                    37
For example, in August of 2011, the real estate tax exemption of three Illinois-based hospitals was
revoked for failing to provide sufficient charity care. These challenges and questions have come from a
variety of sources, including state attorney generals, the IRS, labor unions, Congress, state legislatures,
consumer groups and patients, and in a variety of forums, including hearings, audits and litigation.

        Revision of IRS Form 990 for Not-for-Profit Corporations

         The IRS Form 990 is used by 501(c)(3) not-for-profit organizations (including the Medical
Center) to submit information required by the federal government for reporting purposes. The revised
Form 990 requires detailed public disclosure of compensation practices, corporate governance, loans to
management and others, joint ventures and other types of transactions, political campaign activities, and
other areas the IRS deems to be compliance risk areas. The revised form also requires the disclosure of a
significantly greater amount of both hard data and anecdotal information on community benefit
information on Schedule H. It establishes uniform standards for reporting of information relating to tax-
exempt bonds, including compliance with the arbitrage rules and rules limiting private use of bond-
financed facilities, including compliance with the safe harbor guidance in connection with management
contracts and research contracts. The redesigned Form 990 is intended to result in enhanced transparency
as to the operations of exempt organizations. It is also likely to result in enhanced enforcement, as the
redesigned Form 990 will make a wealth of detailed information on compliance risk areas available to the
IRS and other enforcement agencies. Completion of the revised Form 990 has placed an additional
burden on the Medical Center.

        IRS Examination of Compensation Practices and Community Benefit

        In 2004, the IRS began a new compliance program to measure compliance by tax-exempt
organizations with requirements that they not pay excessive compensation and benefits to their officers
and other insiders. In February 2009, the IRS issued its Hospital Compliance Project Final Report (the
“IRS Final Report”) that examined tax-exempt hospitals’ practices and procedures with regard to
compensation and benefits paid to their officers and other defined “insiders.” The IRS Final Report
indicates that the IRS (1) will continue to heavily scrutinize executive compensation arrangements,
practices and procedures of tax-exempt hospitals and other tax-exempt organizations; and (2) in certain
circumstances, may conduct further investigations or impose fines on such organizations.

         The IRS has also undertaken a community benefit initiative directed at hospitals. The most recent
IRS report on this initiative determined that a lack of uniformity in definitions of community benefit used
by reporting hospitals, including those regarding uncompensated care and various types of community
benefit, made it difficult for the IRS to assess whether any particular hospital is in compliance with
current law. The revised Form 990 includes a new schedule, Schedule H, which hospitals must use to
report their community benefit activities, including the cost of providing charity care and other tax-
exemption related information. Proposals have also been made within Congressional committee to codify
the requirements for hospitals’ tax-exempt status, including requirements to conduct a regular community
needs analysis and to provide minimum levels of charity care.

         ACA also contains new requirements for tax-exempt hospitals. Under ACA, each tax-exempt
hospital facility is required to (i) conduct a community health needs assessment at least every three years
and adopt an implementation strategy to meet the identified community needs, (ii) adopt, implement and
widely publicize a written financial assistance policy and a policy to provide emergency medical
treatment without discrimination, (iii) limit charges to individuals who qualify for financial assistance
under such tax-exempt hospital’s financial assistance policy to no more than the amounts generally billed
to individuals who have insurance covering such care and refrain from using “gross charges” when billing
such individuals, and (iv) refrain from taking extraordinary collection actions without first making
reasonable efforts to determine whether the individual is eligible for assistance under such tax-exempt

                                                    38
hospital’s financial assistance policy. In addition, the U.S. Treasury Department is required to review
information about each tax-exempt hospital’s community benefit activities at least once every three years,
as well as to submit an annual report to Congress with information regarding the levels of charity care,
bad debt expenses, unreimbursed costs of government programs, and costs incurred by tax-exempt
hospitals for community benefit activities. The periodic reviews and reports to Congress regarding the
community benefits provided by 501(c)(3) hospitals may increase the likelihood that Congress will
require such hospitals to provide a minimum level of charity care in order to retain tax-exempt status and
may increase IRS scrutiny of particular 501(c)(3) hospital organizations. In addition, on June 26, 2012,
the IRS proposed regulations providing guidance on the requirements for Section 501(c)(3) hospitals,
under Section 501(r) of the Code, relating to financial assistance and emergency care policies, charges for
certain care proved to individuals eligible for financial assistance, and billing and collections, by, among
other things, limiting extraordinary collection actions by Section 501(c)(3) hospitals.

Internal Revenue Code Limitations

        Private Inurement and Excess Benefit Transactions

          The Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the “Code”) contains restrictions on the
issuance of tax-exempt bonds for the purpose of financing and refinancing different types of health care
facilities for not-for-profit organizations, including facilities generating taxable income. Consequently,
the Code could adversely affect the Medical Center’s ability to finance its future capital needs and could
have other adverse effects on the Medical Center that cannot be predicted at this time. The Code
continues to subject unrelated business income of non-profit organizations to taxation.

         As a tax-exempt organization, the Medical Center is limited with respect to the use of practice
income guarantees, reduced rent on medical office space, below market rate interest loans, joint venture
programs, and other means of recruiting and retaining physicians. The IRS has recently intensified its
scrutiny of a broad variety of contractual relationships commonly entered into by hospitals and affiliated
entities, including the Medical Center, and has issued detailed hospital audit guidelines suggesting that
field agents scrutinize numerous activities of hospitals in an effort to determine whether any action should
be taken with respect to limitations on, or revocation of, their tax-exempt status or assessment of
additional tax. The IRS has also commenced intensive audits of select health care providers to determine
whether the activities of these providers are consistent with their continued tax-exempt status. The IRS
has indicated that, in certain circumstances, violation of the fraud and abuse statutes could constitute
grounds for revocation of a hospital’s tax-exempt status.

       Any suspension, limitation, or revocation of the tax-exempt status of the Medical Center or
assessment of significant tax liability could have a material adverse effect on the Medical Center.

         Section 501(c)(3) of the Code specifically conditions the continued exemption of all Section
501(c)(3) organizations upon the requirement, among others, that no part of the net earnings of the
organization inure to the benefit of any private individual. Any violation of the prohibition against
private inurement may cause the organization to lose its tax-exempt status under Section 501(c)(3) of the
Code. The IRS has issued guidance in informal private letter rulings and general counsel memoranda on
some situations that give rise to private inurement, but there is no definitive body of law and no
regulations or public advisory rulings that address many common arrangements between exempt health
care providers and nonexempt individuals or entities. There can be no assurance concerning the outcome
of an audit or other investigation given the lack of clear authority interpreting the range of activities
undertaken by the Medical Center.

       Intermediate sanctions legislation enacted in 1996 imposes penalty excise taxes in cases where an
exempt organization is found to have engaged in an “excess benefit transaction” with a “disqualified

                                                    39
person.” Such penalty excise taxes may be imposed in lieu of revocation of exemption or in addition to
such revocation in cases where the magnitude or nature of the excess benefit calls into question whether
the organization functions as a public charity. The tax is imposed both on the disqualified person
receiving such excess benefit, and on any officer, director, trustee or other person having similar powers
or responsibilities who participated in the transaction willfully or without reasonable cause, knowing it
will involve “excess benefit.” “Excess benefit transactions” include transactions in which a disqualified
person receives unreasonable compensation for services or receives other economic benefit from the
organization that either exceeds fair market value or, to the extent provided in regulations yet to be
promulgated, is determined in whole or in part by the revenues of one or more activities of such
organization. “Disqualified persons” include “insiders” such as board members and officers, senior
management and members of the medical staff, who in each case are in a position to substantially
influence the affairs of the organization, their family members and entities which are more than 35%
controlled by a disqualified person.

         Although the Medical Center believes that the sanction of revocation of tax-exempt status is
likely to be imposed only in cases of pervasive excess benefit, the imposition of penalty excise tax in lieu
of revocation, based upon a finding that the Medical Center engaged in an excess benefit transaction, is
likely to result in negative publicity and other consequences that could have a materially adverse effect on
the operations, property or assets of the Medical Center.

        Charity Care

        Hospitals are permitted to have tax-exempt status under the Code because the provision of health
care historically has been treated as a “charitable” enterprise. This treatment arose before most
Americans had health insurance, when charitable donations were required to fund the health care
provided to the sick and disabled. Some have posited that, with the onset of employer health insurance
and government reimbursement programs, there is no longer any justification for special tax treatment for
the not-for-profit health care sector, and the availability of tax-exempt status should be eliminated.
Management of the Medical Center cannot predict the likelihood for such a dramatic change in the law.
Federal and state tax authorities are beginning to demand that tax-exempt hospitals justify their tax-
exempt status by documenting their charitable care and other community benefits. See “Not-for-Profit
Status – IRS Examination of Compensation Practices and Community Benefit” herein.

Tax Audits

         Taxing authorities historically have conducted tax audits of non-profit organizations to confirm
that such organizations are in compliance with applicable tax rules and in some instances have collected
significant payments as part of the settlement process. The Medical Center is not currently under any
audit.

Antitrust

         Enforcement of the antitrust laws against health care providers is becoming more common.
Antitrust liability may arise in a wide variety of circumstances including medical staff privilege disputes,
payor contracting, physician relations, joint ventures, merger, affiliation and acquisition activities, and
certain pricing and salary setting activities. Actions can be brought by federal and state enforcement
agencies seeking criminal and civil penalties and, in some instances, by private litigants seeking damages
for harm arising out of allegedly anti-competitive behavior. Common areas of potential liability include
joint action among providers with respect to payor contracting, medical staff credentialing and issues
relating to market share. Liability in any of these or other trade regulation areas may be substantial,
depending on the facts and circumstances of each case.



                                                    40
         Prompted by ACA, which promotes the formation of accountable care organizations among
otherwise independent providers and provider groups, the U.S. Federal Trade Commission and U.S.
Department of Justice issued a policy statement on October 28, 2011. The policy statement outlines,
among other things, a rule of reason approach to whether a collaboration through these organizations is
likely to have anticompetitive effects, and, if so, whether the collaboration’s potential procompetitive
efficiencies are likely to outweigh these effects.

         Some judicial decisions have permitted physicians who are subject to disciplinary or other
adverse actions by a hospital at which they practice, including denial or revocation of medical staff
privileges, to seek treble damages from the hospital under the federal antitrust laws. The Federal Health
Care Quality Improvement Act of 1986 provides immunity from liability for discipline of physicians by
hospitals under certain circumstances, but courts have differed over the nature and scope of this
immunity. In addition, hospitals occasionally indemnify medical staff members who incur costs as
defendants in lawsuits involving medical staff privilege decisions. Some court decisions have also
permitted recovery by competitors claiming harm from a hospital’s use of its market power to obtain
unfair competitive advantage in expanding into ancillary health care businesses. Antitrust liability in any
of these contexts can be substantial, depending upon the facts and circumstances involved. There can be
no assurance that a third party reviewing the activities of the Medical Center would find such activities to
be in full compliance with the antitrust laws.

Environmental Matters

         Health care providers are subject to a wide variety of federal, state and local environmental and
occupational health and safety laws and regulations. These requirements govern medical and toxic or
hazardous waste management, air and water quality control, notices to employees and the public, and
training requirements for employees. As an owner and operator of properties and facilities, the Medical
Center may be subject to potentially material liability for costs of investigating and remediating the
release of any such substances either on, or that have migrated off, the property, or that have been
improperly disposed of off-site. Typical health care provider operations include, but are not limited to, in
various combinations, the handling, use, storage, transportation, disposal and/or discharge of hazardous,
infectious, toxic, radioactive, flammable and other hazardous materials, medical and other wastes,
pollutants or contaminants. As such, health care provider operations are particularly susceptible to the
practical, financial and legal risks associated with the obligations imposed by applicable environmental
laws and regulations. Such risks may result in damage to individuals, property or the environment; may
interrupt operations and/or increase their cost; may result in legal liability, damages, injunctions or fines;
may result in investigations, administrative proceedings, civil litigation, criminal prosecution, penalties or
other governmental agency actions; and may not be covered by insurance. There can be no assurance that
the Medical Center will not encounter such risks in the future, and such risks may result in material
adverse consequences to the operations or financial condition of the Medical Center.

Affiliation, Merger, Acquisition and Divestiture

         As part of its ongoing planning and property management functions, the Medical Center reviews
the use, compatibility and financial viability of many of its operations, and from time to time, may pursue
changes in the use, or disposition, of its facilities. Likewise, the Medical Center may receive offers from,
or conduct discussions with, third parties about the potential acquisition of operations or properties that
may become part of the Medical Center in the future, or about the potential sale of some of the operations
and properties of the Medical Center. Discussions with respect to affiliation, merger, acquisition,
disposition, or change of use, including those that may affect the Medical Center, are held on an
intermittent, and usually confidential basis. As a result, it is possible that the assets currently owned by
the Medical Center may change from time to time, subject to the provisions in the financing documents
that apply to merger, sale, disposition or purchase of assets.

                                                     41
Insurance

         The dollar amounts of patient damage recoveries remain potentially significant. A number of
insurance carriers have withdrawn from this segment of the insurance market citing underwriting losses,
and premiums have increased in the last several years. The effect of these developments has been to
significantly increase the operating costs of hospitals, including the Medical Center.

          The Medical Center currently carries malpractice, directors’ and officers’ liability and general
liability insurance, which management of the Medical Center considers adequate, but no assurance can be
given that the Medical Center will maintain coverage amounts currently in place in the future, that the
coverage will be sufficient to cover all malpractice judgments rendered against the Medical Center or
settlements of any such claims or that such coverage will be available at a reasonable cost in the future.
For a discussion of the insurance coverage of the Medical Center, see “APPENDIX A – MAIMONIDES
MEDICAL CENTER – Insurance” herein.

Litigation and Claims

        The Medical Center is involved in litigation and claims which are not considered unusual to their
business. While the ultimate outcome of these lawsuits cannot be determined at this time, it is the opinion
of management that the ultimate resolution of these claims will not have a material adverse effect on the
Medical Center. The Medical Center, like most other employers in the current economic climate, has
experienced a recent increase in the number of employment-related actions. See “APPENDIX A –
MAIMONIDES MEDICAL CENTER – Litigation” and “– Material Pending Audits” herein.

Risks Related to Interest Rate Swap Agreements

        The Medical Center has entered into interest rate swap agreements related to indebtedness of the
Medical Center (the “Swaps”). The Swaps are and will be subject to periodic “mark-to-market”
valuations and at any time may have a negative value to the Medical Center. The Swap counterparties
may terminate the Swaps upon the occurrence of certain “termination events” or “events of default.” The
Medical Center may terminate the Swaps at any time. If either the counterparty to one of the Swaps or
the Medical Center terminates any of the Swaps during a negative value situation, the Medical Center
may be required to make a termination payment to such Swaps counterparty, and such payment could be
material. In addition, failure of the Swap counterparties to perform could lead to the Medical Center
bearing the risk of variable rate interest rate fluctuations. See “APPENDIX A – MAIMONIDES
MEDICAL CENTER – Discussion of Outstanding Indebtedness – Interest Rate Swaps” herein.

Bankruptcy

         The Series 2013 Bonds are payable from the sources and are secured as described in this Official
Statement. The practical realization of value from the collateral for the Series 2013 Bonds described
herein upon any default will depend upon the exercise of various remedies specified by the Indenture, the
Financing Agreement and the Mortgages. These and other remedies may, in many respects, require
judicial actions which are often subject to discretion and delay.

        Under existing law, the remedies specified by the Indenture, the Financing Agreement and the
Mortgages may not be readily available or may be limited. A court may decide not to order the
performance of the covenants contained in those documents. The legal opinions to be delivered
concurrently with the delivery of the Series 2013 Bonds will be qualified as to the enforceability of the
various agreements and other instruments by limitations imposed by State and federal laws, rulings and
decisions affecting remedies and by bankruptcy, reorganization or other laws affecting the enforcement of
creditors’ rights generally.

                                                    42
         The rights and remedies of the holders of the Series 2013 Bonds are subject to various provisions
of Title 11 of the United States Code (the “Bankruptcy Code”). If the Medical Center were to file a
petition for relief under the Bankruptcy Code, the filing would automatically stay the commencement or
continuation of any judicial or other proceedings against the Medical Center and its property, including
the commencement of foreclosure proceedings under the Mortgages. The Medical Center would not be
permitted or required to make payments of principal or interest under the Mortgage Notes, unless an order
of the United States Bankruptcy Court were issued for such purpose. In addition, without an order of the
United States Bankruptcy Court the automatic stay may serve to prevent the Trustee from applying
amounts on deposit in certain funds and accounts held under the Indenture from being applied in
accordance with the provisions of the Indenture, and the application of such amounts to the payment of
principal and Sinking Fund Installments of, and interest on, the Series 2013 Bonds. Moreover, any
motion for an order canceling the automatic stay and permitting such funds and accounts to be applied in
accordance with the provisions of the Indenture would be subject to the discretion of the United States
Bankruptcy Court, and may be subject to objection and/or comment by other creditors of the Medical
Center, which could affect the likelihood or timing of obtaining such relief. The automatic stay may also
extinguish the Trustee’s continuing security interest in the Medical Center’s revenues arising subsequent
to the filing of the bankruptcy petition, adversely affect the ability of the Trustee to exercise remedies
upon default, including the acceleration of all amounts payable by the Medical Center under the
Indenture, the Financing Agreement and the Mortgages, and may adversely affect the Trustee’s ability to
take all steps necessary to file a claim under the applicable documents on a timely basis.

         The Medical Center could file a plan for the adjustment of its debts in a proceeding under the
Bankruptcy Code, which plan could include provisions modifying or altering the rights of creditors
generally, or any class of them, whether secured or unsecured. The plan, when confirmed by the United
States Bankruptcy Court, would bind all creditors who have notice or knowledge of the plan and would
discharge all claims against the Medical Center provided for in the plan. No plan may be confirmed
unless certain conditions are met, among which are that the plan is in the best interests of creditors, is
feasible and has been accepted by each class of claims impaired thereunder. Each class of claims has
accepted the plan if at least two-thirds in dollar amount and more than one-half in number of the allowed
claims of the class that are voted with respect to the plan are cast in its favor. Even if the plan is not so
accepted, it may be confirmed if the court finds that the plan is fair and equitable with respect to each
class of non-accepting creditors impaired thereunder and does not discriminate unfairly.

         In the event of bankruptcy of the Medical Center, transfers of property by the bankrupt entity,
including the payment of debt or the transfer of any collateral, including receivables and revenues on or
after the date which is 90 days (or, in some circumstances, one year) prior to the commencement of the
case in bankruptcy court, may be subject to avoidance or recoupment as preferential transfers. Under
certain circumstances a court may have the power to direct the use of revenues to meet expenses of the
Medical Center before paying principal or interest on the Mortgage Notes.

Secondary Market

         There can be no assurance that there will be a secondary market for the purchase or sale of the
Series 2013 Bonds. From time to time there may be no market for them depending upon prevailing
market conditions, including the financial condition or market position of firms who may make the
secondary market, the evaluation of the Medical Center’s capabilities and the financial conditions and
results of operations of the Medical Center.




                                                     43
Other Risk Factors

        In the future, the following factors, among others, may adversely affect the operations of health
care providers, including the Medical Center, or the market value of the Series 2013 Bonds, to an extent
that cannot be determined at this time:

           (i)   Adoption of legislation that would establish a national or statewide single-payor health
                 program or that would establish national, statewide or otherwise regulated rates;

          (ii)   Increased unemployment or other economic conditions in the service area of the Medical
                 Center, which could increase the proportion of patients without health insurance benefits
                 or who are unable to pay fully for the cost of their care;

        (iii)    Continued efforts by insurers and governmental agencies to limit the cost of hospital and
                 physician services, to reduce the number of beds and to reduce the utilization of hospital
                 facilities by such means as preventive medicine, improved occupational health and safety
                 and outpatient care, or comparable regulations or attempts by third-party payors to
                 control or restrict the operations of certain health care facilities;

          (iv)   Efforts by employers to reduce the costs of health insurance by having employees bear a
                 greater portion of their health care costs, causing employees to be more selective and cost
                 conscious in choosing health care services;

          (v)    Reduced demand for the services of the Medical Center that might result from decreases
                 in population or innovations in technology;

          (vi)   Bankruptcy of an indemnity/commercial insurer, managed care plan or other payor; and

       (vii)     The occurrence of a natural or man-made disaster, including but not limited to acts of
                 terrorism, that could damage the facilities of the Medical Center, interrupt utility service
                 to the facilities, result in an abnormally high demand for health care services or otherwise
                 impair the operations and the generation of revenues from the Medical Center’s facilities.

                                             TAX MATTERS

Notice Pursuant to Treasury Department Circular 230

      TO ENSURE COMPLIANCE WITH TREASURY DEPARTMENT CIRCULAR 230,
PURCHASERS OF THE SERIES 2013 BONDS ARE HEREBY NOTIFIED THAT (1) ANY
DISCUSSION OF U.S. FEDERAL TAX ISSUES IN THIS OFFICIAL STATEMENT IS NOT
INTENDED OR WRITTEN TO BE RELIED UPON, AND CANNOT BE RELIED UPON BY A
PURCHASER, FOR THE PURPOSE OF AVOIDING PENALTIES THAT MAY BE IMPOSED ON A
PURCHASER UNDER THE INTERNAL REVENUE CODE OF 1986, AS AMENDED (THE
“CODE”), (2) SUCH DISCUSSION IS WRITTEN IN CONNECTION WITH THE PROMOTION OR
MARKETING OF THE TRANSACTIONS OR MATTERS ADDRESSED HEREIN AND (3) A
PURCHASER SHOULD SEEK ADVICE BASED ON ITS PARTICULAR CIRCUMSTANCES FROM
ITS OWN INDEPENDENT TAX ADVISORS.

General

       The following is a summary of certain U.S. federal income tax consequences relating to the
purchase, ownership and disposition of the Series 2013 Bonds. It does not provide a complete analysis of

                                                     44
all potential tax considerations relating to the purchase, ownership and disposition of the Series 2013
Bonds. This summary is based on the provisions of the Code, Treasury regulations promulgated or
proposed thereunder, judicial authority and administrative rulings and practice, all as of the date of this
Official Statement and all of which are subject to change, possibly retroactively, or to different
interpretation.

         This summary applies only to “holders” (as defined below) who purchase the Series 2013 Bonds
at their original issuance at their “issue price” within the meaning of Section 1273 of the Code and who
hold the Series 2013 Bonds as capital assets within the meaning of Section 1221 of the Code. A capital
asset generally is an asset held for investment rather than as inventory or as property used in a trade or
business. This summary does not discuss all of the aspects of U.S. federal income taxation that may be
relevant to investors in light of their particular investment or other circumstances. This summary also
does not discuss the particular tax consequences that might be relevant to investors that are subject to
special rules under the U.S. federal income tax laws, including: tax-exempt investors; foreign investors;
banks, thrifts, insurance companies, regulated investment companies or other financial institutions or
financial service companies; brokers or dealers in securities, commodities or foreign currencies; U.S.
persons that have a functional currency other than the U.S. dollar; U.S. persons that hold the Series 2013
Bonds through a foreign entity or foreign account; real estate investment trusts; financial asset
securitization investment trusts; subchapter S corporations; persons subject to alternative minimum tax;
persons who own the Series 2013 Bonds as part of a straddle, hedging transaction, constructive sale
transaction or other risk-reduction transaction; persons who have ceased to be U.S. citizens or to be taxed
as resident aliens; persons who acquire the Series 2013 Bonds in connection with their employment or
other performance of services; or entities or arrangements classified as partnerships for U.S. federal
income tax purposes or other pass-through entities and investors therein.

        The following summary does not address all possible tax consequences. In particular, it does not
discuss any estate, gift, generation skipping, or transfer tax consequences and it does not consider any tax
consequences arising under the laws of any foreign, state (except to the extent discussed under the
subheading “-State Taxation,” below), local or other jurisdiction. No ruling from the Internal Revenue
Service (the “IRS”) has been or will be sought with respect to the statements made and the conclusions
reached in the following summary, and there is no assurance that the IRS will agree with those statements
and conclusions. For all these reasons, each prospective investor is urged to consult its own tax advisor
with respect to the U.S. federal income tax and other tax consequences of the purchase, ownership and
disposition of the Series 2013 Bonds.

         As used herein, a “holder” is a beneficial owner of the Series 2013 Bonds who, for U.S. federal
income tax purposes, is (i) a citizen or individual resident of the United States, (ii) a corporation (or other
entity taxable as a corporation for U.S. federal income tax purposes) that is created or organized in or
under the laws of the United States, any state thereof or the District of Columbia, (iii) an estate the
income of which is subject to U.S. federal income taxation regardless of its source, or (iv) a trust if it (a)
is subject to the primary supervision of a court within the United States and one or more U.S. persons
have the authority to control all substantial decisions of the trust or (b) has a valid election in effect under
applicable Treasury regulations to be treated as a U.S. person.

        If a partnership, including an entity or arrangement treated as a partnership for U.S. federal
income tax purposes, is a holder of a Series 2013 Bond, the U.S. federal income tax treatment of a partner
in the partnership generally will depend on the status of the partner and the activities of the partnership.
Partnerships and their partners are urged to consult their own tax advisors as to the particular U.S. federal
income tax consequences applicable to them of an investment in the Series 2013 Bonds.




                                                      45
Tax Status of the Series 2013 Bonds

      THE SERIES 2013 BONDS ARE TAXABLE BONDS FOR U.S. FEDERAL INCOME TAX
PURPOSES. AS SUCH, INTEREST ON THE SERIES 2013 BONDS IS NOT EXCLUDABLE FROM
THE GROSS INCOME OF HOLDERS. SEE THE DISCUSSION BELOW FOR A MORE DETAILED
SUMMARY OF CERTAIN U.S. FEDERAL INCOME TAX CONSEQUENCES OF OWNING THE
SERIES 2013 BONDS.

Interest

         A holder of a Series 2013 Bond generally will be required to include in its gross income the stated
interest on a Series 2013 Bond at the time it is paid or accrued in accordance with the holder’s method of
accounting for U.S. federal income tax purposes. Such income will be treated as ordinary interest
income. It is anticipated, and the rest of this summary assumes, that the Series 2013 Bonds will be issued
without original issue discount or, if issued at a discount from the stated principal amount of the Series
2013 Bonds, with an amount of discount that is less than the statutory de minimis amount.

Sale, Exchange or Redemption of Series 2013 Bonds

         A holder generally will recognize gain or loss upon the sale, exchange or other taxable disposition
(including redemption or retirement) of a Series 2013 Bond measured by the difference between (i) the
amount of cash proceeds and the fair market value of any property received (except to the extent
attributable to accrued but unpaid interest) and (ii) the holder’s adjusted tax basis in such Series 2013
Bond. A holder’s adjusted tax basis in a Series 2013 Bond generally will equal its cost of the Series 2013
Bond, reduced by the amount of amortized premium. Any amount that is attributable to accrued but
unpaid interest, to the extent not previously included in income, will be taxable as interest. Gain or loss
on the disposition of Series 2013 Bonds generally will be a capital gain or loss and will be a long-term
capital gain or loss if the Series 2013 Bonds have been held for more than one year at the time of
disposition. Long-term capital gains of individuals and other non-corporate taxpayers generally are
eligible for preferential rates of taxation. The deductibility of capital losses is subject to limitations.
Prospective investors are urged to consult their own tax advisors regarding the treatment of capital gains
and losses.

Defeasance

        Defeasance of any Series 2013 Bond may result in a deemed disposition of such Series 2013
Bond and a deemed reissuance of a “new” Series 2013 Bond to the holder for U.S. federal income tax
purposes, in which case a holder would recognize taxable gain or loss equal to the difference between the
amount realized from the deemed exchange and the holder’s adjusted tax basis in the Series 2013 Bond.
The “new” Series 2013 Bond deemed reissued in such a defeasance may be treated as issued with original
issue discount in an amount equal to the excess, if any, of the stated redemption price at maturity of the
“new” Series 2013 Bond over its deemed issue price. Prospective investors are urged to consult their own
tax advisors regarding the tax consequences of a defeasance of the Series 2013 Bonds.

Additional Medicare Tax on Net Investment Income

         For taxable years beginning after December 31, 2012, certain holders who are individuals, estates,
or trusts and whose income exceeds certain thresholds will be subject to a Medicare tax on net investment
income. A holder's net investment income will generally include its gross interest income and its net
gains from the disposition of the Series 2013 Bonds, unless such interest or net gains are derived in the
ordinary course of the conduct of a trade or business (other than a trade or business that consists of certain
passive or trading activities). Prospective investors that are individuals, estates, or trusts are urged to

                                                     46
consult their own tax advisor regarding the applicability of the Medicare tax to the income and gains in
respect of an investment in the Series 2013 Bonds.

Information Reporting and Backup Withholding Tax

         In general, information reporting requirements will apply to payments to certain holders of
principal and interest on a Series 2013 Bond and the proceeds of a sale, exchange or other taxable
disposition (including a retirement or redemption) of a Series 2013 Bond. A holder may be subject to
backup withholding on such payments. In general, a holder can avoid this backup withholding by
properly executing under penalties of perjury an IRS Form W-9 or substantially similar form that
provides (1) such holder’s correct taxpayer identification number; and (2) a certification that such holder
(a) is exempt from backup withholding, (b) has not been notified by the IRS that it is subject to backup
withholding, or (c) has been notified by the IRS that it is no longer subject to backup withholding.

        Backup withholding does not apply to payments made to certain holders, provided their
exemptions from backup withholding are properly established. Backup withholding is not an additional
tax. Any amount withheld from a payment to a holder under the backup withholding rules will generally
be allowed as a credit against such holder’s U.S. federal income tax liability and may entitle such holder
to a refund, provided that the required information is timely furnished to the IRS. The amount of any
“reportable payments” for each calendar year and the amount of tax withheld, if any, with respect to those
payments will be reported to the holders of Series 2013 Bonds and to the IRS. Prospective investors are
urged to consult their own tax advisors regarding the application of backup withholding rules in their
particular situations, the availability of an exemption from backup withholding and the procedure for
obtaining such an exemption, if applicable.

State Taxation

        Interest on the Series 2013 Bonds and gain from the sale, exchange or other taxable disposition of
a Series 2013 Bond is not exempt from present New York taxation. Purchase, ownership and disposition
of a Series 2013 Bond may result in other state and local tax consequences to certain prospective
purchasers. Prospective purchasers of the Series 2013 Bonds are urged to consult their own tax advisors
concerning any specific state and local tax consequences.

      THE PRECEDING SUMMARY OF CERTAIN U.S. FEDERAL INCOME TAX
CONSIDERATIONS IS FOR GENERAL INFORMATION ONLY AND IS NOT LEGAL OR TAX
ADVICE. ACCORDINGLY, PROSPECTIVE INVESTORS SHOULD CONSULT THEIR OWN
ADVISORS REGARDING THE U.S. FEDERAL, STATE AND LOCAL, AND FOREIGN TAX
CONSEQUENCES OF THEIR PURCHASE, OWNERSHIP AND DISPOSITION OF THE SERIES
2013 BONDS, AND ON THE CONSEQUENCES OF ANY CHANGES IN APPLICABLE LAW.

                                                 RATINGS

        Moody’s Investors Service, Inc. and Standard and Poor’s Rating Services, a division of The
McGraw-Hill Companies, Inc., have assigned ratings of “Aaa” and “AA+, respectively, to the Series 2013
Bonds prior to the date of delivery of the Series 2013 Bonds. Such ratings reflect only the views of such
organizations and any explanation of the significance of such ratings should be obtained from the rating
agency furnishing the same. Generally, a rating agency bases its rating on the information and materials
furnished to it and on investigations, studies and assumptions of its own. There is no assurance that either
or both of such ratings will continue for any given period of time or that either or both of such ratings will
not be revised downward or withdrawn entirely by the ratings agencies, if in the judgment of such rating
agencies, circumstances so warrant. Any such downward revision or withdrawal of such ratings may
have an adverse effect on the market price of the Series 2013 Bonds.

                                                     47
              GNMA, HUD AND FHA NOT LIABLE ON THE SERIES 2013 BONDS

        The Series 2013 Bonds do not constitute an obligation or indebtedness of, and the payment of the
Series 2013 Bonds is not insured or guaranteed by, the United States of America or any agency or
instrumentality thereof, including GNMA, HUD or FHA. The Series 2013 Bonds are payable solely from
the amounts available under the Indenture, primarily constituting moneys derived from the GNMA
Securities and certain funds held by the Trustee, including the investment income thereon.

                                          LEGAL MATTERS

        Certain legal matters incidental to the authorization and issuance of the Series 2013 Bonds by the
Issuer are subject to the approval of Eichner Norris & Neumann PLLC, Transaction Counsel, whose
approving opinion will be delivered with the Series 2013 Bonds. The proposed form of Transaction
Counsel’s approving opinion is set forth in Appendix H hereto.

         Certain legal matters will be passed upon for the Issuer by its counsel, Arent Fox LLP, and by its
Senior Vice President for Legal Affairs and General Counsel, Joyce A. Leahy, Esq., for the Underwriter
by its counsel, Harris Beach PLLC, and for the Lender by its special counsel, Krooth & Altman LLP.

                                           UNDERWRITING

         Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith Incorporated (the “Underwriter”), has agreed, subject to
certain conditions, to purchase the Series 2013 Bonds from the Issuer at a purchase price equal to
$103,748,098.60, representing the principal amount of the Series 2013 Bonds ($100,535,000), plus
original issue premium of $3,213,098.60 subject to the receipt of an Underwriter’s fee of $733,905.50 on
the date of delivery of the Series 2013 Bonds, and to make a public offering of the Series 2013 Bonds at
prices that are not in excess of the public offering price stated on the cover page of this Official
Statement. The Underwriter will be obligated to purchase all such Series 2013 Bonds if any are
purchased. The Series 2013 Bonds may be offered and sold to certain dealers (including the Underwriter)
at prices lower than such public offering price, and such public offering price may be changed, from time
to time, by the Underwriter.

        The Underwriter and its respective affiliates are full service financial institutions engaged in
various activities, which may include securities trading, commercial and investment banking, financial
advisory, investment management, principal investment, hedging, financing and brokerage services. The
Underwriter and its respective affiliates have, from time to time, performed, and may in the future
perform, various financial advisory and banking services for the Issuer, for which they received or will
receive customary fees and expenses.

         In the ordinary course of their various business activities, the Underwriter and its respective
affiliates may make or hold a broad array of investments and actively trade debt and equity securities (or
related derivative securities, which may include credit default swaps) and financial instruments (including
bank loans) for their own account and for the accounts of their customers and may at any time hold long
and short positions in such securities and instruments. Such investment and securities activities may
involve securities and instruments of the Issuer.

        The Underwriter and its respective affiliates may also communicate independent investment
recommendations, market color or trading ideas and/or publish or express independent research views in
respect of such assets, securities or instruments and may at any time hold, or recommend to clients that
they should acquire, long and/or short positions in such assets, securities and instruments.



                                                    48
Related Parties
        Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith Incorporated and Bank of America, N.A., as provider of
certain FHA mortgage banking services to the Issuer relating to obtaining HUD approval for the
refinancing of Series 1996 Bonds and the Series 2004 Bonds issued by DASNY, are each receiving a
separate fee for services rendered, and are both wholly-owned, indirect subsidiaries of Bank of America
Corporation.
                                     CONTINUING DISCLOSURE

         On the date of delivery of the Series 2013 Bonds, the Issuer has agreed to enter into a written
agreement (the “Continuing Disclosure Agreement”) for the benefit of Series 2013 Bondholders to
provide to Digital Assurance Certification LLC (“DAC”) certain updated operating data and financial
information described below on a quarterly and annual basis. Pursuant to the Continuing Disclosure
Agreement, the Issuer will agree to provide to DAC (i) updated operating data (including aggregate
inpatient discharges, patient days, average length of stay, emergency room visits, outpatient visits and
outpatient procedures; and discharges by major payor source for the fiscal year) and financial information
relating to the Issuer (including a balance sheet, statement of operations, changes in net assets and cash
flow for the fiscal year) not later than 135 days after the end of its fiscal year in each year commencing
with the fiscal year ending December 31, 2013 (collectively, the “Annual Report”), and (ii) certain
interim operating data (including aggregate inpatient discharges, patient days, average length of stay,
emergency room visits, outpatient visits and outpatient procedures; and discharges by major payor source
for the fiscal quarter) and financial information relating to the Issuer (including a balance sheet, statement
of operations, changes in net assets and cash flow as of the end of the fiscal quarter) not later than 60 days
after the end of the first three quarters in each of its fiscal years (collectively, the “Quarterly Report”)
commencing with the fiscal quarter ending June 30, 2013. Information so provided to DAC is available
to the public on DAC’s website. In addition, the Continuing Disclosure Agreement will require the Issuer
to timely provide to DAC notices of the occurrence of certain enumerated events (the “Listed Events
Notices”) and such Listed Events Notices will also be available to the public on DAC’s website. See
“APPENDIX G — FORM OF CONTINUING DISCLOSURE AGREEMENT” for additional
information regarding the Issuer’s continuing disclosure obligation with respect to the Series 2013 Bonds.

        If, and only if, and to the extent that it receives the Annual Reports and Quarterly Reports
described above from the Issuer, DAC has agreed to established a website for all of the Issuer’s filings to
be held in DAC’s secured centralized database and searchable by CUSIP, the Issuer’s name, full issue
description, bond type and other identifying factors. The Annual Reports and the Quarterly Reports can
be accessed without cost by registering with DAC at www.dacbond.com. In addition, DAC has agreed to
establish an automated tickler system with reporting due dates as stated in the Continuing Disclosure
Agreement.

        DAC has no duty with respect to the content of any disclosure or Listed Events Notices made
pursuant to the terms of the Continuing Disclosure Agreement and DAC has no duty or obligation to
review or verify any information contained in the Annual Reports or the Quarterly Reports or Listed
Event Notices or any other information, disclosures or notices provided to it by the Issuer and shall not be
deemed to be acting in any fiduciary capacity for the Issuer, the Holders of the Series 2013 Bonds or any
other party. DAC has no responsibility for the Issuer’s failure to provide to DAC a Listed Events Notice
required by the Continuing Disclosure Agreement or duty to determine the materiality thereof. DAC shall
have no duty to determine or liability for failing to determine whether the Issuer has complied with the
Continuing Disclosure Agreement.

       The Issuer has not in the previous five years failed to comply, in all material respects, with any
previous undertakings pursuant to Rule 15c2-12. Although the Series 2013 Bonds are not subject to Rule
15c2-12, the Issuer has voluntarily agreed to provide ongoing disclosure with respect to the Series 2013
Bonds pursuant to the Continuing Disclosure Agreement.

                                                     49
                                     ABSENCE OF LITIGATION

        There is not now pending (as to which the Issuer has received service of process) or, to the
Issuer’s knowledge, threatened against the Issuer any legal proceedings seeking to restrain or enjoin the
issuance, sale or delivery of the Series 2013 Bonds or questioning or affecting the validity of the Series
2013 Bonds or the proceedings and authority under which they are to be issued.
        On the date of delivery of the Series 2013 Bonds, the Issuer will deliver a certificate stating,
among other things, that there are no legal proceedings pending (as to which the Issuer has received
service of process) or, to the Issuer’s knowledge, threatened against the Issuer seeking to restrain or
enjoin the issuance, sale or delivery of the Series 2013 Bonds, the proceedings and authority under which
they are issued, the payment, collection or application of the proceeds thereof or of the revenues and other
moneys and securities pledged or to be pledged under the Indenture or in any way contesting or affecting
any authority for or the validity of the Series 2013 Bonds or the Indenture.

                                          MISCELLANEOUS
         References in this Official Statement to the Indenture, the Financing Agreement, the FHA
Documents, the GNMA Securities and the GNMA Guaranty do not purport to be complete. Refer to the
Indenture, the FHA Documents, the Financing Agreement, the GNMA Securities and the GNMA
Guaranty for full and complete details of their provisions. Copies of the Indenture, the primary FHA
Documents, the Financing Agreement, the GNMA Securities and the form of the GNMA Guaranty are on
file with DAC and the Trustee. Information concerning the GNMA program is on file with the Lender.

        Any statement in this Official Statement involving matters of opinion, whether or not expressly so
described, are intended merely as expressions of opinion and not as representations of fact.

       The information regarding the Lender was supplied by the Lender. The Issuer believes that this
information is reliable, but the Issuer makes no representations or warranties as to the accuracy or
completeness of this information.

       The information regarding DTC and DTC’s book-entry only system has been furnished by DTC.
The Issuer believes that this information is reliable, but makes no representations or warranties
whatsoever to the accuracy or completeness of this information.

       “Appendix D – Certain Definitions”, “Appendix E – Summary of Certain Provisions of the
Indenture”, “Appendix F – Summary of Certain Provisions of the Financing Agreement and “Appendix H
– Form of Approving Opinion of Transaction Counsel” have been prepared by Eichner Norris &
Neumann PLLC, Transaction Counsel.

         The Issuer has agreed to indemnify the Underwriter and certain others against losses, claims,
damages and liabilities arising out of any untrue statements of a material fact contained in the Official
Statement or any omission of statements of any material fact from the Official Statement relating to the
Issuer, its operations, its financial condition and the Projects.

        The execution and delivery of this Official Statement by an Authorized Officer have been duly
authorized by the Issuer.

                                                         MAIMONIDES MEDICAL CENTER



                                                         By:               /s/ Robert Naldi
                                                                       Executive Vice President and
                                                                         Chief Financial Officer

                                                    50
       APPENDIX A

MAIMONIDES MEDICAL CENTER
[This page intentionally left blank]
                            MAIMONIDES MEDICAL CENTER

Introduction
       Maimonides Medical Center (“Maimonides” or the “Medical Center”) is a voluntary, not-
for-profit, teaching hospital located in the Borough Park section of southwestern Brooklyn in
Kings County, New York, and is licensed to operate 711 beds. Maimonides is one of the largest
independent teaching hospitals in the United States. The Medical Center is an organization
exempt from federal income tax pursuant to Section 501(c)(3) of the Internal Revenue Code of
1986, as amended (the “Code”).

        The Medical Center was founded in 1911, absorbed several smaller dispensaries and, in
1919, become Israel Hospital of Brooklyn. In 1920, it merged with Zion Hospital and became
United Israel Zion Hospital. Maimonides Hospital traces its roots to a 1947 merger between
Beth Moses Hospital and United Israel Zion Hospital. Its status as a teaching hospital was
established in 1948, and in 1966 its name was changed to Maimonides Medical Center to reflect
the broad spectrum and comprehensive nature of the research, educational and medical activities
being performed.

       Today, the Medical Center provides a comprehensive array of acute care inpatient
services to residents of southern Brooklyn and tertiary care inpatient services to the entire
Borough of Brooklyn and surrounding metropolitan area. With a medical staff numbering 1,226
(as of December 31, 2011) and graduate medical residents numbering 480 (as of June 2012),
Maimonides serves as a teaching affiliate of the Albert Einstein College of Medicine
(“Einstein”), located in Bronx, New York, NYU School of Medicine, located in Manhattan, and
SUNY Downstate College of Medicine, located in Brooklyn, New York. Under a recently
signed affiliation agreement, Maimonides will become a university hospital and the Brooklyn
campus of Einstein.

         On February 26, 2013, Maimonides announced in a press release that it had entered into
an initial three year strategic alliance agreement with Montefiore Medical Center (“Montefiore”)
located in The Bronx, New York, to leverage the strengths of both institutions and to allow both
institutions to better prepare for new models of health care delivery in the future by establishing
programs of clinical excellence, expanding research capabilities and ensuring patient access to
the full range of clinical services – from patient care to advanced specialty care. Maimonides
and Montefiore will remain independent; each will continue to be solely responsible for its own
assets, operations and liabilities; and neither Maimonides nor Montefiore will incur any legal
responsibility for the liabilities and expenses of the other institution.

        For 2013, Maimonides made America’s 100 Best Hospitals list as determined by
HealthGrades, an independent ratings organization. The Medical Center was one of only three
New York State hospitals/hospital systems that received this award. In 2010, 2011, 2012 and
2013, the Medical Center received the Distinguished Hospital Award for Clinical Excellence
from HealthGrades. Maimonides was one of only two New York City hospitals/hospital systems
that received this award in 2013.

       The Medical Center continues to be a recognized national leader in the provision of
cardiac-related services, having been the recipient of the Cardiac Care Excellence Award from


                                               A-1
HealthGrades for the past three years, as one of only a few New York City hospitals so awarded
and recognized by the Department of Health for being one of the few hospitals in New York
State that achieved statistically significant excellent results in interventional cardiology.
Maimonides was also awarded the HealthGrades’ Coronary Interventional Excellence Award
and Women’s Health Excellence Award for the past three years, the Gastrointestinal Care
Excellence Award for 2013, and the Pulmonary Care Excellence Award and Stroke Care
Excellence Award for 2011 and 2012. Recently, Maimonides was ranked among the top
hospitals in Brooklyn (recipient of Modern Healthcare’s 2011-2012 Consumer Choice Award)
for overall quality and image. In addition, the Medical Center’s Left Ventricular Assist Device
(LVAD) Program, the only such program serving Brooklyn and Staten Island, was accredited by
The Joint Commission in 2012. See “Centers of Excellence” below.

Facilities
       Maimonides is located on a 6.67 acre campus at 4802 Tenth Avenue in the Borough Park
section of Brooklyn. The Medical Center’s campus consists of two city blocks, bounded by
Ninth Avenue and Fort Hamilton Parkway between 47th and 49th Streets.

       The main hospital campus consists of four inpatient buildings and numerous ambulatory
and ancillary buildings totaling approximately 1,000,000 square feet. Visitor and staff parking is
provided in a separate, six-level parking garage consisting of approximately 200,000 square feet.

        In 2009, a new building was placed into service by the Medical Center as part of its
$100+ million modernization program. The modernization program relocated selected inpatient
services from the Gellman, Kronish and Aron Buildings providing much needed expansion space
for existing acute care services, simplifying service delivery to patients through consolidation of
services and upgrading clinical departments. Specifically, this modernization program resulted
in an enlargement of both ambulatory and inpatient surgery facilities, new and improved state-of-
the-art medical technologies, and the reorganization and enlargement of three of Maimonides’
centers of excellence – the Cardiac Institute, the Infants and Children’s Hospital, and the
Emergency Department.

       In 2011, the freestanding Cancer Center, located approximately one mile from the
Maimonides main campus, was enhanced with the addition of the Breast Cancer Center which
provides state-of-the-art multi-modality imaging of the breast and surgical consultive services.

Services and Programs
       Maimonides offers a broad range of diagnostic and therapeutic services for adults and
children on an inpatient and outpatient basis. As of December 31, 2011, its certified bed
complement (excluding bassinets) was allocated among the following services:




                                               A-2
                                Medical-Surgical                            459
                                Psychiatric                                  70
                                Maternity                                    60
                                Adult Intensive Care                         40
                                Pediatric                                    32
                                Neonatal                                     31*
                                Pediatric Intensive Care                     11
                                Coronary Care                                 8
                                     TOTAL                                  711

* Includes 10 beds in Intensive Care, 12 beds in Intermediate Care and 9 beds in Continuing Care.

        The Medical Center’s comprehensive range of specialties and subspecialties includes:
anesthesiology, breast surgery, cardiology, cardiothoracic surgery, colorectal surgery, critical
care medicine, dentistry, dermatology, diagnostic radiology, emergency services, endocrinology,
fetal medicine, gastroenterology, general surgery, geriatrics, hematology, immunology,
infectious diseases, internal medicine, interventional cardiology, interventional neuroradiology,
laboratory medicine, medical genetics, metabolic diseases, neonatology, nephrology, neurology,
neurosurgery, nuclear medicine, obstetrics and gynecology, oncology, ophthalmology, oral
surgery, orthopedic surgery, otolaryngology, pathology, pediatrics and pediatric medical and
surgical subspecialties, surgery, podiatry, psychiatry, pulmonary diseases, radiation oncology,
rehabilitation medicine, reproductive endocrinology, rheumatology, thoracic surgery,
urogynecology, urologic oncology, urology and vascular surgery.

       In addition, Maimonides provides acute renal dialysis, ambulatory surgery, audiology,
cardiac catheterization, cystoscopy, family planning, geriatric day care, outpatient dentistry,
outpatient psychiatry, physical medicine and rehabilitation, physical therapy, primary medical
care services and social work services at various outreach sites throughout Brooklyn. These
outreach sites are primarily neighborhood-based clinics owned and operated by the Medical
Center as well as offices of physicians affiliated with the Medical Center.

Licensure and Accreditation
        Maimonides has operating certificates from the New York State Department of Health
Office of Health Systems Management and is accredited by The Joint Commission for a three
year period commencing February 11, 2012 and was accredited by The Joint Commission for its
Stroke Program, high technology home care agency and, most recently, for its LVAD Program in
2012. Maimonides is certified by the U.S. Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services (“CMS”)
for participation in the Medicare and Medicaid programs.

Community Outreach Programs
       The Medical Center strives to provide exceptional, personalized care to its diverse
communities by extending its medical services into the surrounding neighborhoods. Its thirteen
(13) ambulatory health care facilities make primary and specialty care more accessible to all

                                                       A-3
residents of Brooklyn. In addition to offering primary care, many of the Medical Center’s
facilities offer specialty services. These ambulatory medical care facilities are fully equipped
with state-of-the-art information technology to allow streamlined communication with the
Medical Center and to provide quick access to laboratory and radiology reports. In addition, the
Maimonides network of ambulatory facilities is neighborhood-based and organized to meet the
language and cultural needs of its patients. Primary care services are targeted to specific
segments of the community, such as the elderly, who comprise the highest percentage of clinic
patients. The primary care centers are designated Level 3 Patient Centered and Medical Homes
by the National Committee for Quality Assurance (NCQA).

        In addition, the Medical Center welcomes new, emerging immigrant populations in
Brooklyn, including Asian, Caribbean, Pakistani and others via the “We Speak Your Language”
campaign. Medicaid patients constitute approximately 78% of clinic patients and 58% of the
patients using the outpatient services of the Community Mental Health Center.

        Examples of the Medical Center’s community outreach programs include a physician
referral service, which enables patients to locate physician services or specific medical care
services in their local community. A speaker’s bureau reaches out to local community
organizations and groups with prominent physicians who educate consumers on various current
topics in health promotion and treatment. Neighborhood-based health fairs and screenings are
conducted in schools, parks and community centers. A cardiac rehabilitation and exercise
program provides EKG-monitored exercises guided by specialists and lectures by cardiac-care
physicians, diagnostic screening examinations at community fairs and interactive self-
management programs for patients with cardiovascular disease and their families. The
Community Residence Support Program, a case-management program, coordinates medical,
psychiatric and entitlement programs, and assists mentally ill adults living in shelters, supportive
apartments and supervised residences.

Organization and Affiliates
       The following is a description of the affiliated corporations under common control with
or by the Medical Center, and its related organizations. Any payments made by the Medical
Center to these affiliated corporations are at fair market value for services rendered to the
Medical Center.

       MAIMONIDES HEALTH RESOURCES, INC.:                          A not-for-profit corporation
organized under the laws of the State of New York, a §501(c)(3) organization under the Code
and a supporting organization under §509(a)(3) of the Code, it is the holding company for
Maimonides and MMC Holding of Brooklyn, Inc. and is organized and operated to support the
Medical Center’s hospital, educational, scientific and charitable purposes. Maimonides Health
Resources, Inc. is the sole corporate member of the Medical Center.

        MAIMONIDES RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT FOUNDATION (the
“Foundation”): A New York not-for-profit corporation, a §501(c)(3) organization under the
Code and a supporting organization under §509(a)(3) of the Code, it is organized and operated
exclusively for the educational, scientific, medical and charitable purposes carried on by the
Medical Center. Its by-laws require that one more than the number which constitutes a quorum
of the board of directors must consist of persons who are trustees of Maimonides. At the present


                                                A-4
time, the Foundation uses the interest and dividend income from its funds to provide research
grants to applicants from Maimonides’ medical staff.

        MMC HOLDING OF BROOKLYN, INC. (“MMC Holding”): A New York for-profit
corporation which owns 100% of the capital stock of, and acts as the executive and accounting
offices for, each of the following five (5) active for-profit subsidiaries:

       (i)     MMC PHARMACY, INC., which operates a retail pharmacy serving the
               Medical Center’s outpatients and employees, and the community at large;

       (ii)    MMC MANAGEMENT CORP., which provides real estate management
               services to the Medical Center, including eleven (11) apartment buildings,
               approximately 300,000 square feet of leased commercial space and seven (7)
               parking lots;

       (iii)   INFUSION OPTIONS, INC., which serves as a wholesale pharmacy and
               distributor of infusion therapy and nursing services, with related medical
               equipment, to patients living at home and hospice patients;

       (iv)    EXECUTIVE PHYSICIAN SYSTEMS, INC., which provides billing services
               to the Medical Center and affiliated physicians, and other clients; and

       (v)     DIRECT STAFFING SERVICES, INC., which provides personnel leasing
               services that includes human resources, payroll, benefits administration and
               accounting to the Medical Center, and affiliated entities and physicians.

        The salaries of the subsidiaries’ employees are paid through MMC Holding and allocated
to the respective subsidiary based on time worked. All benefit plans are in the name of MMC
Holding. Management fees charged to the subsidiaries are paid to MMC Holding, and executive
offices are shared by MMC Holding and the subsidiaries. Expenses incurred by the Medical
Center provided by MMC Holdings of Brooklyn, Inc. through its various subsidiaries, less
related revenues, was $19.8 million in 2009, $19.6 million in 2010 and $19.4 million in 2011.

        FIRST TO CARE HOME CARE, INC.: The Medical Center is a joint venture owner
of First to Care Home Care, Inc., a New York not-for-profit corporation providing home care
services, with Metropolitan Jewish Geriatric Corporation. In 2011, the Medical Center recorded
a loss of approximately $1.5 million as a result of its ownership in this joint venture. The
Medical Center entered into an agreement to (i) terminate the Medical Center’s funding
obligations effective immediately and (ii) divest the Medical Center’s interest in this joint
venture with Metropolitan Jewish Geriatric Corporation which is expected to be implemented
within the next twelve months.

       FOJP-RELATED ENTITIES: The Medical Center retains ownership in three captive
insurance companies affiliated with the Federation of Jewish Philanthropies of New York (see
“Insurance” below).

       OTHER RELATED ORGANIZATIONS: The Medical Center is one of 18 owner
sponsor hospitals of Healthfirst, a not-for-profit managed care organization. As of June 2012,
Maimonides serviced 3.2% of the Healthfirst member population. The Medical Center is one of

                                             A-5
  six members of the Brooklyn Health Information Exchange (BHIX), a New York not-for-profit
  corporation that supports the advancement of health care information technology and maintains a
  clinical information exchange for numerous hospitals, health centers and other providers of
  health care in Brooklyn. In addition, the Medical Center is one of six contributing members and
  is a managing member of Southwest Brooklyn Health Home LLC (see “Centers of Excellence –
  Health Home”).

          The Medical Center is also affiliated with MMC Community Horizons, Inc., a New York
  not-for-profit corporation, that provides consulting and administrative services without charge,
  primarily to entities that deliver health care on a not-for-profit basis with a focus on the Medical
  Center and its affiliated entities. MMC Community Horizons, Inc. is one of the managing
  members of, and has a 5% membership interest in, Brooklyn SC, L.L.C., an entity formed to own
  and operate an ambulatory surgical center in Brooklyn.

         For information concerning the Medical Center’s transactions with affiliates, see Note 8
  of the Audited Financial Statements of the Medical Center for the years ended December 31,
  2011 and 2010 included in Appendix B.

         None of the affiliated corporations are obligated with respect to payments under the
  Series 2013 Bonds, the Financing Agreement or the Mortgage, which are solely obligations of
  the Medical Center.

         In addition, the Medical Center has had, and continues to have, discussions with other
  health care institutions with respect to possible affiliations, joint ventures and other similar
  arrangements (also see “Educational Programs” below).

  Governance
          The Medical Center is governed by a Board of Trustees (the “Board”) consisting of not
  less than three nor more than fifty members who serve staggered one to three-year terms and are
  elected at the annual meeting. As of October 19, 2012, there were 32 trustees on the Board.
  Regular meetings of the Board are scheduled at least four times per year. Officers of the Board
  are elected at the Board’s annual meeting generally held in April of each year. Board members
  monitor Maimonides’ operations through a varied and active group of committees.

          As of October 19, 2012, the members of the Board, their year of first appointment, the
  year of expiration of their current term and their principal occupations are as follows:

                        Officers and Voting Members of the Board of Trustees

                              First Year   Year Term
         Name/Office          Appointed     Expires                         Occupation
Martin D. Payson                 1993        2013       Retired
 Chairman
Mortimer N. Klaus                1980         2015      President and Chief Executive Officer, Burma Bibas
 Vice Chairman                                          (manufacturer)
Chaim H. Leshkowitz              1995         2014      Partner, Leshkowitz & Company (CPA)
 Vice Chairman
Robert Machinist                 2008         2015      Chief Executive Officer, Ironwood Investment
  Vice Chairman                                         Management, LLC and MB Investment Partners, Inc.

                                                  A-6
                               First Year   Year Term
         Name/Office           Appointed     Expires                         Occupation
Daniel Z. Nelson                  1987        2014        Of Counsel, Akerman Senterfitt LLP
  Vice Chairman
Moshe H. Wieder                  2003         2015        Chief Executive Officer, Global Business Institute
  Secretary
Pamela S. Brier                Ex officio       -         President and Chief Executive Officer, Maimonides
  President                                               Medical Center
Edward Fitzpatrick, M.D.       Ex officio     2014        President of the Medical Staff, Maimonides Medical
  President of Medical Staff                              Center
John Abi-Habib                   2007         2013        Chief Executive Officer, MSI Net. Inc.
Steven Adelsberg                 2009         2013        Partner, Adelsburg & Co.
Donna Astion, M.D.               2010         2013        Orthopaedic Surgeon
Irwin M. Birnbaum                1989         2015        Chief Operating Officer, Yale School of Medicine
                                                          (retired)
Rev. Monsignor David Cassato     2002         2014        Pastor, St. Athanasius Catholic Church
David L. Diamond, M.D.           2012         2013        Physician, Boro Park Pediatric Associates
Richard D. Forman                2008         2013        Managing Partner, Health Venture Group, LLC
Marvin Hellman                   1992         2015        Chairman, Hellman Management Company
                                                          (real estate) (retired)
Jack A. Hidary                   2009         2013        Chief Executive Officer, Hidrock Realty Inc.
Elly Kleinman                    2007         2013        President and Chief Executive Officer, The Americare
                                                          Companies
Andrew Kohen                     1994         2013        President, Eastern Poly Packing Co. (plastics
                                                          manufacturer)
Frank A. Naccarato               2005         2014        Insurance and Financial Services Broker, The
                                                          Prudential Insurance Company
Stephen D. Oppenheim             2004         2014        Partner, Faust Oppenheim, LLP (law firm)
Peter Rebenwurzel                2007         2013        President, Coney Management, LLC
Erminia Rivera                   2010         2015        Park Avenue Building & Roofing Supplies, LLC
Alex Rovt, Ph.D.                 2012         2013        President, IBE Trade Corp. (chemical fertilizers)
Veronica C. Santilli, M.D.       1991         2013        Physician, Brook Island Pediatrics
Alfred Schonberger               1992         2013        Owner, Amber Court Assisted Living Communities
Steven R. Shamah                 1991         2013        President, Eccolo Ltd.
Al Sutton                        1983         2013        Private Investor
Isaac M. Sutton                  2000         2015        Investment Broker, Silver Rock
Professor Aaron D. Twerski       1995         2014        Professor, Brooklyn Law School
Howard Weiss                     2007         2013        Senior Vice President, and Chief Financial and
                                                          Administrative Officer, Castle Harlan, Inc. (private
                                                          equity firm)
Michael L. Ziegler               2007         2015        Partner, Duane Morris, LLP

        The Board has eleven (11) standing committees, which are the Executive Committee,
  Audit and Legal Committee, Budget and Finance Committee, Compensation Committee,
  Development Committee, Investment Committee, Joint Conference Committee, Medical Matters
  & Quality of Care Committee, Nominating Committee, Physical Facilities and Planning
  Committee, and Religious Observance Committee. The Executive Committee may exercise all


                                                    A-7
powers of the Board. The Audit and Legal Committee is responsible for compliance matters for
the Medical Center (see “Compliance” below).

        A conflict of interest policy for all trustees, officers, employees and members of the
medical staff of the Medical Center requires any potential conflict of interest to be disclosed.
Any transaction with the Medical Center or its affiliates in which a Board member has a financial
interest must be disclosed to the Board.

       In addition, as part of the recently executed affiliation agreement with Yeshiva University
through its Albert Einstein College of Medicine, two individuals recommended by Einstein will
serve on the Maimonides Board and two individual recommended by Maimonides will serve on
the Einstein board. However, both Maimonides and Einstein will each continue to be
autonomous and governed independently by their respective governing bodies and
administrations; and will each remain independent corporations.

Management
        The senior management of the Medical Center consists of the President and Chief
Executive Officer, three (3) executive vice presidents, the Chief Medical Officer, fifteen (15)
senior vice presidents and several vice presidents, and are summarized as follows:

       Pamela S. Brier, M.P.H., President and Chief Executive Officer (67). Ms. Brier has been
President and Chief Executive Officer of the Medical Center since May 2003. Previously, Ms.
Brier served as Executive Vice President/Chief Operating Officer of the Medical Center since
May 1995. Prior to joining the Medical Center, Ms. Brier served in numerous capacities in the
New York City Health and Hospitals Corporation from 1977 through 1995, most recently as
Chief Executive Officer of Bellevue Hospital Center (1992-95) and Jacobi Medical Center
(formerly Bronx Municipal Hospital Center) (1989-92). From 1976 to 1977, Ms. Brier was an
Associate Management Analyst for the New York City Department of Health, and from 1973 to
1975 she was a Health Plan Analyst for the Kaiser Foundation Health Plan, Inc. She was
appointed by Mayor Bloomberg to the New York City Board of Health (2003-present) and the
New York City Workforce Investment Board, and currently serves on the New York City Board
of Corrections and the Fund for Public Health in New York. Ms. Brier is a Fellow of The New
York Academy of Medicine, and served as a member of the Community Service Board/New
York City Department of Health (1995-2000), the Commonwealth Fund Commission on
Women’s Health (1993-96) and the New York State Hospital Review and Planning Council
(1991-96). In 2009 and 2011, she was recognized by Crain’s New York Business as one of the
“50 Most Powerful Women in New York.” From 1996 to 2003, Ms. Brier had served as Chair of
the Board of Directors of Housing Works, Inc. and on the Board of the Primary Care
Development Corporation. Currently, she is Vice Chair of the Board of The New York eHealth
Collaborative (NYeC), a statewide public/private partnership organization devoted to
information technology promulgation and adoption, and a board member of the UNITE
HERE/Union Health Center.

       Ms. Brier also served as a member of the adjunct faculty of the Wagner School of Public
Service, New York University and has lectured at the Zicklin School of Business Executive
Program at Baruch College. She received her M.P.H. in Health Administration from the School
of Public Health, University of California, Los Angeles in 1971 and her B.A. degree from the
University of California, Berkeley in 1967.

                                               A-8
        Dominick Stanzione, Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer (61). Mr.
Stanzione joined the Medical Center in August 2011 as Executive Vice President and Chief
Operating Officer. Prior to joining the Medical Center, for a period of three (3) years, he served
as Interim President and Chief Restructuring Officer at Long Island College Hospital which
recently merged with State University of New York Downstate Medical Center. Previously, he
worked in senior roles at several hospital systems in the Bon Secours Health System, the Sisters
of Charity Health Care System, and the Catholic Medical Centers of Brooklyn and Queens. Mr.
Stanzione received a B.S. in Health Sciences in physical therapy at State University of New
York Downstate in 1976 and his Master of Public Administration degree at New York University
in 1981.

        Robert Naldi, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (63). Mr. Naldi
joined the Medical Center in 2001 as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer.
Prior to joining the Medical Center, he held the dual role of Senior Vice President, Finance of St.
Luke’s-Roosevelt Medical Center and Beth Israel Medical Center. Prior positions held at Beth
Israel Medical Center include Director of Financial Operations and Budget Director. He is a
Board member of HANYS Insurance Company. Mr. Naldi received his Master of Business
Administration degree from Fordham University Graduate School of Business in 1974 and his
B.S. degree in Accounting from Lehman College of the City University of New York in 1972.

         David I. Cohen, M.D., M.Sc., Executive Vice President for Clinical Affairs and
Affiliations, and Senior Vice Chairman of the Department of Medicine (64). Dr. Cohen joined
the Medical Center in 1998. In addition to his other positions, he is currently responsible for
Academic Affairs and the Medicaid Health Homes Program at the Medical Center. Prior to
joining the Medical Center, he served as the first full-time Medical Director at Bellevue Hospital
Center (1991-98), as Deputy Dean for Clinical Affairs at the City University of New York
Sophie Davis School of Biomedical Education (1990-91), as Vice President for Medical
Operations of the New York City Health and Hospitals Corporation (1988-90) and as Director of
Ambulatory Care and Associate Dean for Graduate Medical Education at Mt. Sinai Medical
Center (1986-88). In 1981, Dr. Cohen was appointed Chief of the Division of General Internal
Medicine at Cleveland Metropolitan General Hospital (1981-86). In this position, he helped to
develop the “firm system” as a model for patient care, clinical education and health services
research. Prior to this, he was a faculty member of Case Western Reserve University (1979-80)
and served as Special Assistant to the Medical Director of the Harvard Community Health Plan
(1980-81). Dr. Cohen received his B.A. degree in 1970 and his M.D. degree in 1974 from the
University of Pennsylvania, and his M.Sc. degree in Epidemiology and Health from McGill
University where he was a Robert Wood Johnson Clinical Scholar (1977-79). He completed his
residency in internal medicine at St. Luke’s Hospital Center in New York City and his clinic
research fellowship at the Royal Victoria Hospital in Montreal.

        Samuel Kopel, M.D., Chief Medical Officer (67). In 1995, Dr. Kopel assumed the
position of Chief Medical Officer of Maimonides; previously, he served as the Medical Director
of Maimonides for six years and also as Associate Director of the Division of
Hematology/Oncology of Maimonides. Since 1978, he has been an Assistant Professor of
Clinical Medicine at SUNY Downstate Medical Center. Dr. Kopel came to the Medical Center
from Mount Sinai Hospital in New York where he completed his fellowships in research
hematology and oncology. He also completed his internship, residency in internal medicine and
fellowship in clinical hematology at the Jewish Hospital and Medical Center (now Kingsbrook

                                               A-9
Jewish Medical Center) in Brooklyn. Dr. Kopel received his B.A. degree from Brooklyn College
in 1967 and his M.D. from the University of Bologna, Italy in 1972. He is board certified in
hematology and medical oncology. Dr. Kopel is a member of the American Medical
Association, the American College of Physician Executives, The Medical Society of the State of
New York, The New York Academy of Sciences, as well as the American Society of Clinical
Oncology, the American Society of Hematology, the New York Society of Medical Oncologists
and Hematologists, The Society for Study of Blood and the World Federation of Hemophilia.

       Marcel Biberfeld, Senior Vice President – Psychiatry & Community Services (73). Dr.
Biberfeld joined the Medical Center in 1972 and served in a variety of positions, including
Director of the Community Mental Health Center, Administrator of the Outpatient Department
and Vice President of the Medical Library, prior to his promotion in 1991 to his present position.
He is also the Vice President of Chaplaincy Services and oversees the Women, Infants and
Children (WIC) Program at the Medical Center. Prior to joining the Medical Center, he was
Director of Social Work at Sheepshead Nursing Home (1971-75) and Founding Director of the
Jewish Family Services, Inc. of Boro Park (1968-69). In addition, he is a member of the Board
of Directors at Ohel Children’s and Family Services, and Bikur Cholim/Guardians of the Sick of
Boro Park. Dr. Biberfeld received his B.A. degree from Brooklyn College in 1965, and his
Masters degree in Social Work in 1971 and his D.S.W. degree in 1983 from Yeshiva University.

        Martin A. Cammer, Senior Vice President and Chief Compliance Officer (62). Mr.
Cammer joined the Medical Center in 1980 as the Administrator of Community Medicine and
Ambulatory Services and has served in various administrative capacities during his tenure. Prior
to joining the Medical Center, Mr. Cammer was the Administrator for Ambulatory Care at
Jamaica Hospital and an Administrative Resident at LaGuardia Hospital. Mr. Cammer received
his M.B.A. degree in Hospital Administration from the Columbia University School of Business
Administration in 1977 and his B.A. degree from City College, City University of New York in
1972. Mr. Cammer is currently certified in Health Care Compliance (CHC).

        Steven J. Davidson, M.D., Senior Vice President and Chief Medical Informatics Officer
(62). Dr. Davidson’s position focuses on facilitating patient and patient-caregiver engagement in
their care through the use of mobile health and social media technologies, as well as supporting
clinical leaders in their use of information to evaluate and improve clinical processes, outcomes
and operational effectiveness. Prior to this position, he served for 15 years as founding
Chairman of Emergency Medicine at the Medical Center upon his arrival at the Medical Center
in 1995. He came to the Medical Center from the Medical College of Pennsylvania in
Philadelphia where he served his residency and trained in Emergency Medicine (1975-78) and
subsequently served on the faculty becoming Professor of Emergency Medicine (with tenure).
Dr. Davidson received his AB degree in Chemistry from Temple University in 1971, his M.D.
from Temple University School of Medicine in 1975 and his MBA from The Wharton School of
the University of Pennsylvania in 1989.

       Tom Doherty, Senior Vice President for Human Resources (66). Mr. Doherty joined the
Medical Center in January 2012. From 1996 until joining the Medical Center, he provided
management consulting services in the human resources area to various hospitals and healthcare
organizations which included serving as a labor mediator appointed by both Local 1199SEIU
and the Catholic Medical Center of Brooklyn and Queens to mediate all labor disputes, and as a
labor arbitrator for the New York City Transit Authority and the Transit Workers Union in

                                              A-10
disciplinary proceedings. Mr. Doherty previously spent 15 years at the New York City Heath
and Hospitals Corporation where he held human and labor-related positions, including Senior
Vice President for Administration, Vice President for Human Resources and Assistant Vice
President of Labor Relations. He attended Manhattan College and received a certificate in labor
relations from the School of Industrial and Labor Relations at Cornell University in 1981.

       Walter J. Fahey, Senior Vice President and Chief Information Officer (64). As Chief
Information Officer, Mr. Fahey’s responsibilities include information technology and
telecommunications at Maimonides. In this regard, he helped Maimonides earn accolades for
successful health care system implementation and compliance (see “Centers of Excellence –
Health Care Information Technology”). He was also instrumental in the development of the
Heal 1, 5, 10 and 17 Grant applications to develop the Brooklyn Health Information Exchange
(BHIX). Mr. Fahey arrived at Maimonides in 1995 from The Hospital for Joint Diseases where
he worked as Director of Management Information Systems from 1991 to 1995. He also held
information technology leadership positions at St. Vincent’s Hospital in Manhattan (1990-91)
and The New York Methodist Hospital (1986-90). Earlier in his professional information
technology career, he worked in manufacturing, retail and computer services. Mr. Fahey is a
Board Member of the American Health Association, and a member of the Allscripts Executive
Advisory Group, the Aruba Advisory Group, the College of Healthcare Information
Management Executives (CHIME), the Gershon Lehrman Group Councils of Advisors, the
Healthcare Association of New York State (HANYS), the Healthcare Information and
Management Systems Society (HIMSS), the HIT Strategy Group, the Unisys Advisory Group
and the Verizon Heathcare Advisory Group, and a former member of the NextGen Advisory
Board. Mr. Fahey received his MBA from Farleigh Dickinson University (New Jersey) in 2001.

       Lillian Fraidkin, Senior Vice President and Chief of Staff (74). Ms. Fraidkin joined the
Medical Center in 1982 as Associate Director of the Emergency Department and Assistant
Director of Nursing, and served as Administrative Director of the Operating Room, Post
Anesthesia Care Unit and the Emergency Department (1985-88) and Administrator of the
Emergency Room, Operating Room, Critical Care and Clinical Services, and Associate Director
of Nursing (1988-94) prior to appointment to her present position in 1994. Prior to joining
Maimonides, Ms. Fraidkin was in charge of the Emergency Department at Beth Israel Medical
Center in New York City from 1965 to 1982. Ms. Fraidkin earned her Nursing Diploma from
the Beth Israel School of Nursing, her B.A. degree from Marymount College in 1978 and her
M.S. degree in Health Care Administration from Long Island University in 1986.

        Derek D. Goins, Senior Vice President – Facilities & Support Services, and Vice
President of MMC Management Corp. (60). Mr. Goins joined the Medical Center in 1972 and
has served in various capacities, including Administrator of MMC Management Corp. (1989-
1991) and Assistant Director of Plant Management (1984-85). He was promoted to his present
position in 1991 and, as Vice President of MMC Management Corp., is responsible for the
management of all of the real estate holdings of the Medical Center. Mr. Goins attended St.
Joseph’s College for Hospital Administration and holds a Registered Apartment Manager
Certificate from New York University.

       Douglas Jablon, Senior Vice President of Patient Relations and Volunteer Services;
Special Assistant to President (62). In this position, Mr. Jablon focuses on the social, economic
and cultural needs of patients and their families, and oversees the activities of over 1,800

                                              A-11
volunteers and numerous volunteer programs surrounding the Medical Center. Mr. Jablon has a
36-year service history with the Medical Center and the community it serves. As an advocate for
patient care and patients’ rights and professional courteous customer service, Mr. Jablon is
involved in every aspect of care provided by the Medical Center and, in this role, acts as the
“sounding board” for patient, family and community concerns. He received his Associate of
Applied Science degree from New York Community College in 1971, his BA degree in
Sociology from the Rabbinical Assembly in 1973 and his Master’s degree in Education,
Guidance and Counseling from Long Island University in 1977.

        Joyce A. Leahy, Esq., Senior Vice President for Legal Affairs and General Counsel;
Assistant Secretary (59). Ms. Leahy joined the Medical Center in 1987 as General Counsel. In
1991, she was appointed Assistant Secretary and her title was changed to Vice President for
Legal Affairs and General Counsel and, in 2012, she was promoted to Senior Vice President for
Legal Affairs and General Counsel. She also is the Privacy Officer for the Medical Center.
Prior to joining the Medical Center, Ms. Leahy was an associate with the law firm of De Forest
& Duer, New York, New York (1978-87). She received her B.A. degree from Harvard
University in 1975 and her J.D. degree from New York University School of Law in 1978. She
is a member of the Bars of New York and Massachusetts, and is admitted to practice before the
United States District Courts for the Southern and Eastern Districts of New York.

       Damiano Marino, Senior Vice President, Financial Operations/Controller (62). Mr.
Marino joined the Medical Center in 1998 and previously served as Vice President for
Finance/Controller and Assistant Vice President/Controller. Prior to his joining the Medical
Center, Mr. Marino served as Associate Director of Finance, Controller, and Senior Budget and
Reimbursement Accountant at Catholic Medical Center of Brooklyn and Queens (1980-98),
served as Budget and Reimbursement Accountant (1977-80) at Methodist Hospital and Staff
Accountant at Sterling Drugs (1975-77). Mr. Marino received his B.S. in Accounting from St.
Francis College in 1975.

        Sheila Namm, R.N., Senior Vice President for Professional Affairs (65). Ms. Namm’s
responsibilities in this position include organizational performance, risk management, medical
staff peer review, regulatory affairs, bioethics, credentialing, emergency management, safety,
patient safety, disclosure/apology, Joint Commission readiness and claims management. She
also leads the Bioethics Consultation Service at Maimonides. Ms. Namm joined the Medical
Center in 1975 as Nurse Clinician for inpatient psychiatry. After holding several different
positions throughout the Medical Center, she was appointed Vice President for Professional
Affairs in 2001. Prior to joining the Medical Center, Ms. Namm was a Nurse Clinician at Kings
County Hospital for child and adolescent psychiatry. She received her B.S. degree in Nursing
from Hunter College in 1968, her M.A. degree in Child and Adolescent Mental Health Nursing
from New York University in 1970 and her J.D. degree from New York Law School in 1995, a
certificate in Bioethics and Medical Humanities from Montefiore Medical Center/Albert Einstein
School of Medicine in 2007 and a certificate in Just Culture from Outcomes Engineering in
2010. Ms. Namm is a member of the Bars of New York and New Jersey, and is licensed as a
registered nurse in New York State.

       Karen Nelson, M.D., M.P.H., Senior Vice President for Integrated Delivery Systems and
Executive Director of the Southwest Brooklyn Health Home (56). Dr. Nelson re-joined the
Medical Center staff in April 2012 where she had been the Vice Chair of Medicine from 1996 to

                                             A-12
1999. Between 1999 and 2012, she was the Chief Executive Officer and Medical Director of the
Union Health Center which provides primary and specialty care to immigrant and low wage
union members and their families in New York City. She was the Medical Director of
Dorchester House Community Health Center in Boston, Massachusetts from 1988 to 1995. Dr.
Nelson received her B.A. degree from Yale University in 1978 and her M.D. from the Mt. Sinai
School of Medicine in 1985. She received her Masters of Public Health from Boston University
School of Public Health in 1996 where she was a Robert Wood Johnson Scholar from 1994 to
1996.

        John Scanlan, Senior Vice President for Finance (50). In this position for the past four
(4) years, Mr. Scanlan oversees accounting, accounts payable, budget, chargemaster, decision
support/cost accounting, financial planning, managed care contracting, payroll and
reimbursement at the Medical Center. Since joining the Medical Center in 1997, he served as
Vice President for Finance, Associate Vice President for Finance and Director of
Reimbursement.      Mr. Scanlan served as Manager of Reimbursement, Supervisor of
Reimbursement and Staff Accountant at Catholic Medical Center of Brooklyn and Queens
(1985-97). He is currently a fellow in the Healthcare Financial Management Association
(HFMA) and is a Past President of the Metropolitan New York Chapter, who received the Medal
of Honor, the Muncie Gold, the Reeves Silver and the Follmer Bronze Founders Awards. He
also previously served as Vice President of Education, Treasurer and Secretary, and currently is
the Chair of the Audit, Certification Coaching and Continuing Professional Education
Committees of the HFMA Metropolitan New York Chapter. He has served as Chair of the
Finance and General Education Committees as well as the Joseph A. Levi Annual Institute for
the HFMA Metropolitan New York Chapter. Mr. Scanlan has served on the national Board of
Examiners of HFMA. He is currently serving on the Board of Directors of the Bay Ridge Center
as Finance Chair. Mr. Scanlan is also an Associate of the American College of Healthcare
Executives. Mr. Scanlan received his B.S. in Finance from St. John’s University in 1985 and his
MBA in healthcare administration from Adelphi University in 1990.

        Tom Smith, R.N., DNP, Senior Vice President – Nursing and Chief Nursing Officer (62).
Mr. Smith joined the Medical Center in this position in January 2010. At Maimonides, he is
responsible for nursing practice and patient care delivery. Mr. Smith was Chief Nursing Officer
and Senior Vice President at Cambridge Health Alliance (2006-10) and Senior Vice President for
Nursing at The Mount Sinai Hospital (1996-2005), the first full-service hospital in Manhattan to
receive the Magnet Award for nursing excellence, which was received during his tenure. Mr.
Smith has previously held leadership positions at Massachusetts General Hospital, Boston
Medical Center (formerly Boston City Hospital) and University of Massachusetts-Boston. He
has served as a Commissioner for the Commission on Collegiate Nursing Education (CCNE) of
the American Association of Colleges of Nursing and is an active member of the American
Organization of Nurse Executives. Mr. Smith received his B.S. in Nursing from the University
of the State of New York in 1980, his M.S. in cardiopulmonary nursing from Boston University
in 1985 and his Doctor of Nursing Practice (DNP) from Case Western Reserve University in
2010. He is a fellow in the American Academy of Nursing.

        Harold Wodinsky, Senior Vice President, Physician Enterprises (57). Mr. Wodinsky
joined the Medical Center in 2012 as Senior Vice President, Physician Enterprise. Prior to
joining the Medical Center, he held the dual role of a Senior Vice President, Operations for the
Advisory Board Company (Washington, DC) and Chief Administrative Officer, Staten Island

                                             A-13
Physician Practice. Mr. Wodinsky received his Master of Health Sciences degree from the
University of Toronto Graduate School of Health Administration in 1981 and his B.A. degree
from Brandeis University (Waltham, MA) in 1979.

       Eric Scalettar, Vice President – Planning (60). Mr. Scalettar joined the Medical Center
in 1988 as Director of Institutional Planning and was promoted to his present position in 1991
where, among other things, he formulates the Medical Center’s strategic plan and facility master
plan, and planning and implementation of major construction projects. Prior to joining the
Medical Center, Mr. Scalettar served as Administrative Director of Radiotherapy and Nuclear
Medicine, Mount Sinai Medical Center (1985-88), Assistant Administrator, Maimonides Medical
Center (1981-85), Administrative Resident, Long Island Jewish-Hillside Medical Center (1980-
81), and Research Assistant, Mount Sinai Medical Center (1977-79). Mr. Scalettar received his
M.P.H. degree from the Department of Epidemiology and Public Health, Yale University School
of Medicine in 1985 and his B.A. degree from Harpur College, State University of New York at
Binghamton in 1976.

Medical Staff
        As of December 31, 2011, there were 1,226 physician members on the medical staff of
the Medical Center holding appointments in three categories: employed (429), voluntary (777)
and honorary (20). In 2011, approximately 600 physicians admitted patients to Maimonides.
The medical staff is organized into 11 clinical departments. The Department of Medicine is
comprised of 13 clinical divisions: Allergy and Immunology, Cardiology, Dermatology,
Gastroenterology, Geriatric Medicine, Hematology/Oncology, Infectious Diseases, Internal
Medicine, Metabolic Endocrinology, Nephrology, Neurology, Pulmonary Diseases and Critical
Care, and Rheumatology and Immunology. The Department of Surgery is comprised of 12
clinical divisions:      Colorectal Surgery, Dentistry, General Surgery, Neurosurgery,
Ophthalmology, Otolaryngology, Pediatric Surgery, Plastic Surgery, Surgical Critical Care,
Thoracic and Cardiovascular Surgery, Urology, and Vascular Surgery. The Department of
Pediatrics is comprised of 14 clinical divisions: Adolescent Medicine, Cardiology, Critical Care,
Dermatology,       Endocrinology,      Gastroenterology,     General    Pediatrics,    Genetics,
Hematology/Oncology, Infectious Diseases, Neonatology, Nephrology, Neurology and
Pulmonary. The Department of Obstetrics and Gynecology has 3 clinical divisions:
Gynecology/Oncology, Maternal and Fetal Medicine, and Reproductive Endocrinology. The
Department of Orthopedic Surgery and Musculoskeletal Services has 3 clinical divisions:
Orthopedic Surgery, Podiatry and Rehabilitation Medicine. The Department of Psychiatry also
includes the Division of Psychology. The Department of Radiology is comprised of 9 clinical
divisions:     Body Imaging, Diagnostic Radiology, Emergency Radiology, Interventional
Radiology, Mammography, Musculoskeletal Radiology, Nuclear Medicine, Pediatric Radiology
and Radiotherapy. There are also Departments of Anesthesia, Emergency Medicine, Pathology
and Laboratory Medicine, and Radiation Oncology. In 2011, the average age of the medical staff
was 51 years old.

       The following is a summary by department of the number of physicians, their average
age and the percentage of department staff who are board certified as of December 31, 2011:




                                              A-14
                                         Medical Staff Composition

                                           Number of Physicians         Average Age         % Board Certified
MEDICINE
Cardiology                                           66                      56                     88%
Dermatology                                           8                      60                     83%
Gastroenterology                                     36                      50                     94%
Hematology/Oncology                                  21                      56                     86%
Infectious Diseases                                   9                      51                    100%
Internal Medicine                                   243                      52                     75%
Metabolism and Endocrinology                          7                      60                    100%
Nephrology                                           15                      51                     93%
Neurology                                            23                      54                    100%
Pulmonary Diseases and Critical Care                 27                      54                     93%
Rheumatology and Immunology                           7                      52                     86%
                                                    462                      53                     84%
SURGERY
Colorectal Surgery                                    2                      53                    100%
Dentistry                                            30                      57                     43%
General Surgery                                      21                      57                     71%
Neurosurgery                                         14                      49                     86%
Ophthalmology                                        24                      49                     88%
Otolaryngology                                        7                      48                     86%
Pediatric Surgery                                     1                      48                    100%
Plastic Surgery                                      12                      46                     92%
Thoracic and Cardiovascular Surgery                  15                      53                     93%
Urology                                              41                      54                     93%
Vascular Surgery                                      6                      54                    100%
                                                    173                      53                     80%
OTHER
Anesthesiology                                       41                      48                      83%
Emergency Medicine                                   54                      42                      91%
Obstetrics and Gynecology                            72                      51                      92%
Orthopedics                                          31                      52                      81%
Pathology and Laboratory Medicine                     8                      57                     100%
Pediatrics                                          221                      51                      89%
Podiatry                                             40                      58                      68%
Psychiatry                                           60                      52                      83%
Radiology                                            47                      51                      98%
Rehabilitation Medicine                              17                      51                      88%
                                                    591                      51                      87%
TOTAL                                             1,226                    51 (average)            84% (average)
________________
Note: The Board Certification category does not include medical staff members who are board eligible but have not
      yet received board certification.

Nursing
        As of September 30, 2012, the Medical Center employed approximately 2,294 full-time
equivalent (“FTE”) employees on its nursing/patient care staff. This includes approximately
1,212 FTE registered nurses (excluding advanced practice nurses), 37 FTE licensed practical
nurses, 488 FTE patient care technicians/mental health workers, 124 FTE ward
clerks/information specialists, and 60 FTE nursing supervisors and administrators. An additional

                                                      A-15
373 FTE employees include advanced practice nurses, technicians from other areas (e.g.
operating room, heart monitoring and hemodialysis) and a variety of other specialty roles such as
nurse educators. In recent years, the Medical Center has been able to successfully recruit and
retain an adequate number of registered nurses despite periodic shortages and fluctuations in the
supply of registered nurses. The current vacancy rate of registered nurses is less than 2 percent.

Employees
        As of December 31, 2011, the Medical Center employed approximately 5,621 FTE
employees, which include 231 FTE employees related to specific purpose programs and
contracts. The number of FTE employees has increased in the last year by approximately 1.2%
as a result of expanded programs and higher acuity patients.

Employee Benefits
        The Medical Center offers to eligible employees health insurance covering
hospitalization, major medical expenses, prescription drugs, and dental, health care and
dependent care reimbursement accounts; short and long term disability; life insurance; pension
plan; and tuition reimbursement. Both the New York State Nurses Association Pension Plan and
the 1199 SEIU Health Care Employees Pension Fund are multiemployer defined benefit pension
plans (see “Pension Plans and Post-Retirement Health Care Benefits” below).

Collective Bargaining Agreements/Employee Relations
       Maimonides has three collective bargaining agreements covering approximately 71% of
its employees: an agreement with the Committee of Interns and Residents covers 434 residents
and fellows, and expires on October 31, 2013; an agreement with the New York State Nurses
Association covers approximately 1,281 registered nurses and expires on January 1, 2014; and an
agreement with Local 1199 covers approximately 2,703 service, clerical and technical employees
and expires on April 30, 2015. Maimonides considers its relations with its employees to be very
good.

Educational Programs
        Maimonides serves as a major teaching affiliate of the Albert Einstein College of
Medicine of Yeshiva University in The Bronx and the NYU School of Medicine in Manhattan,
and is also a teaching affiliate of the SUNY Downstate College of Medicine in Brooklyn.
Maimonides recently signed an affiliation agreement with Yeshiva University through Einstein
to strengthen Maimonides’ teaching programs and fortify physician recruitment at Maimonides.
Einstein operates one of the largest post-graduate medical training programs in the United States.
Maimonides physicians who teach and supervise Einstein students will receive faculty
appointments at Einstein, and will participate on faculty committees and in faculty development
programs.

       The Medical Center is a primary participant in three major integrated programs with
SUNY Downstate College of Medicine: Endocrinology, Otolaryngology, and Pediatric
Dermatology and Pediatric Endocrinology. Maimonides sponsors 22 residency and fellowship
programs fully accredited by the Accreditation Council for Graduate Medical Education
(ACGME). Maimonides also sponsors an Osteopathic Internship program fully accredited by
the American Osteopathic Association (AOA). As a direct result of this commitment to


                                              A-16
physician education, the Medical Center provides clinical training to approximately 480 residents
in numerous specialties and over 1,000 medical students.

        The Medical Center also partners with various social service, medical service, and
nursing home providers by entering into linkage or back-up medical services agreements wherein
the Medical Center agrees to make its facilities available as a back-up medical resource to the
patients or members of the other entity in cases where it is beyond the scope of such entity to
provide the contemplated medical services.

         In addition, the Medical Center maintains educational affiliations with numerous
institutions including, but not limited to, the following institutions: Bellevue Hospital Center,
Brookdale Medical Center, College of Mount Saint Vincent, College of New Rochelle,
Columbia University, Coney Island Hospital, Connecticut Children’s Medical Center, CUNY –
Borough of Manhattan Community College, CUNY – LaGuardia Community College, CUNY –
Kingsborough Community College, East Stroudsburg University of Pennsylvania, Emory
University, Excelsior College, Hartford Hospital, Hofstra University, Kaplan University, Kean
University, Kings County Hospital Center, Long Island University – C.W. Post, Lutheran
Medical Center, Memorial Sloan Kettering Cancer Center, Midwood Dialysis Center, Molloy
College, Montefiore Medical Center – Henry and Lucy Moses Division, Mount Sinai Medical
Center, New York City Poison Control Center, North Shore – Long Island Jewish Health
System, NYU Langone Medical Center, Pace University, Quinnipiac University, Richmond
University Medical Center, SUNY – Canton, SUNY – Downstate Medical Center, Touro
College, University of Florida, University of Maryland Shock Trauma Center, Wagner College,
Walden University, Weber State University and Yale University.

                              Graduate Medical Education Funded Positions*

                                                                                      (Budgeted)
                                            Number of            Number of            Number of
                                         Residents/Fellows    Residents/Fellows    Residents/Fellows
Program                                  Starting July 2010   Starting July 2011   Starting July 2012
Anesthesiology                                  27.0                 26.8                 29.5
Cardiology                                      20.9                 21.0                 21.0
Cardiology - Interventional                      3.0                  3.0                  3.0
Cardiothoracic Surgery                            --                   --                  1.0
Critical Care                                    6.0                  6.0                  6.0
Dentistry                                       22.0                 20.0                 23.0
Emergency Medicine                              42.0                 42.5                 46.0
Gastroenterology                                 7.0                  8.0                  8.0
General Surgery                                 38.5                 38.7                 42.3
Geriatrics Medicine                              2.0                  1.9                  2.1
Hematology/Oncology                              9.0                  9.0                  9.0
Infectious Diseases                              4.9                  5.9                  6.0
Internal Medicine                               91.0                 93.0                 96.5
Nephrology                                       2.0                  1.9                  2.0
Obstetrics/Gynecology                           20.0                 19.8                 20.0
Orthopaedics Surgery                            12.0                 14.0                 14.0
Osteopathic Medicine                            12.0                 14.0                  8.0
Otolaryngology                                    --                   --                  1.0
Pediatrics                                      74.1                 68.0                 80.0
Psychiatry                                      35.1                 34.5                 35.6
Pulmonary                                        4.0                  4.0                  4.0

                                                  A-17
                                                                                                       (Budgeted)
                                                          Number of               Number of            Number of
                                                       Residents/Fellows       Residents/Fellows    Residents/Fellows
Program                                                Starting July 2010      Starting July 2011   Starting July 2012
Radiology                                                       16.0                  16.0                 16.0
Transitional                                                     4.0                    --                   --
Urology                                                          4.5                   4.0                  4.0
Vascular Surgery                                                 2.0                   2.0                  2.0
    TOTAL                                                      459.0                 454.0                480.0
___________
*
    Includes residents paid by Coney Island Hospital in Maimonides’ programs


       Maimonides’ programs in dentistry and oral surgery are approved by the American
Dental Association (ADA). Maimonides participates in the National Resident Matching
Program and is a member of the Council of Teaching Hospitals and the Association of American
Medical Colleges. All of Maimonides’ programs are certified, licensed or otherwise accredited
based on the requirements of the field of inquiry.

        The Medical Center maintains affiliations with numerous institutions providing clinical
training to social work interns, psychology interns, licensed creative arts therapists, dance
therapists, radiology technicians, radiotherapy assistants, midwives, pharmacists and physical
therapists in affiliation with area colleges and universities, and provides clinical training to
approximately 400 nursing students on both the graduate and undergraduate levels on an annual
basis. The Medical Center does not make any payment to the schools on behalf of the nursing
students nor does it pay the nursing students a salary or stipend.

Centers of Excellence
       Maimonides is acknowledged by health care providers as a center of excellence in
various specialties, including its Emergency Center, Cancer Center, Cardiac Institute, Infants &
Children’s Hospital, and Psychiatric Services.

       Comprehensive Medical Services: Maimonides’ reputation as a leader in medical
excellence is evident throughout its many clinical divisions and subspecialties. The Medical
Center’s tradition of excellence in delivery of primary care, acute inpatient care, medical training
and innovative research is consistent with its commitment to addressing its patient’s diverse
healthcare needs from heart care to pediatric medicine. In 2011, the Medical Center was
awarded the General Surgery Excellence Award and the Critical Care Excellence Award by
HealthGrades.

        Emergency Room: The Medical Center is a designated 911-EMS and a New York State
Psychiatric Receiving Hospital (pursuant to New York State Mental Hygiene Law) which
provided care to 126,539 patients, including 14,182 obstetrics visits in 2011. In 2011, 33,449
patients were admitted to the Medical Center through the Emergency Room. All Emergency
Room physicians are board-certified or board-eligible in emergency medicine and/or internal or
family medicine, and maintain advanced cardiac and advanced trauma life support certification.

       Bariatric Surgery: Maimonides has been named as a Bariatric Surgery Center of
Excellence by the American Society for Metabolic and Bariatric Surgery. This designation


                                                                   A-18
recognizes surgical programs with a demonstrated track record of favorable outcomes in bariatric
surgery.

        Cancer Center: Brooklyn’s only dedicated freestanding multidisciplinary cancer center
combines leading-edge cancer treatments, integrated multidisciplinary care, and the very latest in
diagnostic and treatment technologies with a compassionate, patient-centered environment. In
2011, the Maimonides Cancer Center was expanded with the state-of-the-art Gilbert Rivera
Maimonides Breast Center, the only accredited Breast Imaging Center of Excellence in Brooklyn
offering digital mammography, sonography and magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) of the
breast. See “Radiation Oncology” below.

        Cardiac Institute: As one of New York City’s largest providers of cardiology, cardiac
catheterization and cardiac surgery services, Maimonides’ Cardiac Institute is the primary source
of cardiac care for Brooklyn residents and one of the most comprehensive cardiac care centers in
the nation. In 1967, the Medical Center performed the first human heart transplant operation in
the United States and continues as an innovative force in developing new approaches to heart
disease. More recently, Maimonides is the only center in Brooklyn and one of the select few
cardiac care centers in the nation to offer transcatheter aortic valve replacements. Since 2009,
averages of 300 open-heart operations and 4,700 cardiac catheterization procedures have been
performed annually. Maimonides is a widely recognized leader in cardiac catheterization,
bringing new technologies to the patient both in diagnostic angiography and therapeutic
interventions, and is at the cutting edge of developing and implementing new angioplasty,
atherectomy, and stent technologies. In addition to clinical work, the Maimonides’ Cardiac
Institute has developed and implemented a variety of educational outreach activities, including
health fairs and forums, video series, smoking cessation programs and family support groups.
Highlighting the Cardiac Institute’s commitment to treating patients with advanced heart failure,
Maimonides’ LVAD Program, the only such program serving Brooklyn and Staten Island, was
recently accredited by The Joint Commission.

        Geriatrics: Maimonides was recently recognized as a NICHE-designated hospital for its
comprehensive geriatric program. NICHE (Nurses Improving Care for Healthsystem Elders) is
awarded by the Hartford Institute for Geriatric Nursing at NYU College of Nursing. Brooklyn
has the largest percentage of elderly people in New York City, of which over 40% have a
disability, including mobility and self-care limitations.

        Health Care Information Technology: Maimonides has earned accolades for successful
health care system implementation and compliance with The Leapfrog Group standards, and has
been named to the American Hospital Association’s “Most Wired” and/or “Most Wireless” lists
from 1999 to 2011, more than any other hospital in New York State. In addition, Maimonides
won The Nicholas E. Davies Award in 2002 and the Computerworld Smithsonian Award in
1998.

        Health Home: Building upon a model developed under two New York State HEAL
grants, Maimonides developed the Southwest Brooklyn Health Home, designated by New York
State in December 2011 as one of four Medicaid Health Homes in Brooklyn. The Southwest
Brooklyn Health Home is comprised of 50 member organizations and serves patients throughout
Brooklyn with serious mental illness and multiple chronic medical conditions. A key component
of the Southwest Brooklyn Health Home is the core interdisciplinary care team that includes a

                                              A-19
care manager, care navigator and primary care provider, supplemented by psychiatrists and
therapists, who work on a collaborative basis with the patient and family to create and implement
the care plan. This core Maimonides team is linked electronically to members of the extended
care team including specialty providers, residential providers and home care providers.

        Infants & Children’s Hospital: The Maimonides Infants & Children’s Hospital is the
first children’s hospital in Brooklyn accredited by the National Association of Children’s
Hospitals and Related Institutions. Serving a community with one of the highest birth rates in
the country, the Infants & Children’s Hospital has become the leading pediatric hospital in
Brooklyn, specifically focusing on the treatment and care of infants, children and adolescents.
Providing more than 30 pediatric surgical, medical and behavioral subspecialties, the Infants and
Children’s Hospital embraces the family-centered model of care supporting the excellence of
Maimonides’ community-based primary care physicians. See “Neonatology” below.

        Neonatology: The 31 bassinet NICU is a Level III service which provides support to the
approximately 8,000 deliveries performed annually at the Medical Center, as well as three other
local hospitals with major obstetrical services linked to Maimonides as the New York State
Department of Health designated Regional Perinatal Center (RPC) for Southwest Brooklyn.
Staffed 7 days a week on a 24 hour a day basis by board certified neonatologists covering the
NICU, and the Labor and Delivery Suite, the neonatology staff is trained and capable in
delivering all methods of intervention and treatment of newborns in distress due to prematurity
and congenital diseases.

       Orthopedic Surgery: In addition to the comprehensive array of orthopedic surgeries
performed, the orthopedic surgery program at Maimonides is the only program in Brooklyn
providing endoscopic spine surgery and complex pediatric orthopedic surgery.

        Psychiatric Services: The Department of Psychiatry operates two inpatient units with a
70-bed capacity for acutely ill patients admitted on a voluntary, involuntary or emergency basis.
The active diagnostic and therapeutic services, including psychotherapy, psychopharmacology
and psychiatric nursing, are provided in a therapeutic milieu designed to alleviate the
exacerbated symptoms of the psychiatric disorder and are individualized to meet the specific
needs of patients. The Department of Psychiatry also provides numerous outpatient services to
those patients who are able to live in the community, including an acute treatment day program
which provides short-term, intensive and highly-structured services to meet the daily treatment
needs of severely and persistently ill patients in crisis. The Medical Center’s Liaison Psychiatry
Service provides psychiatric consultations and care to any patient in the Medical Center’s clinics,
Emergency Room or medical/surgical wards and provides a Crisis Intervention Unit to members
of the community.

        Radiation Oncology: The development of the freestanding multidisciplinary Cancer
Center included the addition of radiation oncology to the array of advanced, integrated therapies
available to Maimonides physicians in the diagnosis and treatment of a wide array of cancer
diseases. The Department of Radiation Oncology at the Cancer Center has the equipment, board
certified physicians and board certified medical physicists to provide its patients with state-of-
the-art evidence-based care.




                                               A-20
        Reproductive Endocrinology: The Division of Reproductive Endocrinology assists
patients in overcoming reproductive problems, utilizing a full spectrum of assisted reproductive
technologies, including in vitro fertilization, which is located in an outpatient setting that is
separate from the Medical Center’s other perinatal services.

        Stroke Center: The Jaffe Stroke Center was awarded the Gold Plus Award for excellence
in performance in the “Get With the Guidelines Program” of the American Heart Association
and the American Stroke Association. In addition, Maimonides was named as one of the four
Brooklyn hospitals to the Target: Stroke Honor Roll by the American Heart Association and the
American Stroke Association in May 2012, one of only 50 hospitals in the country to achieve
this recognition. In addition, the stroke program is accredited by The Joint Commission.

         Vascular Surgery: The vascular surgery program provides inpatient and outpatient
diagnostic and therapeutic interventions in peripheral vascular diseases, including limb salvage
in difficult diabetic disease management, with extremely low rates of morbidity and mortality.

Service Area
       The Medical Center’s primary service area consists primarily of the Borough Park, Ocean
Parkway, Sunset Park, Windsor Terrace, Bay Ridge, Dyker Heights, Bensonhurst, Bath Beach,
Midwood, Flatbush and Kensington sections of Brooklyn. The population of these areas
according to the 2010 population data from the New York City Department of City Planning (the
“2010 Population Data”) was 768,586; area residents accounted for approximately 55.4% of the
Medical Center’s inpatient discharges in 2011.

       The Medical Center’s secondary service area consists primarily of the Brighton Beach,
Sheepshead Bay, Gerritsen Beach, Homecrest, Gravesend and Coney Island sections of
Brooklyn. The population of these areas was 266,439 according to the 2010 Population Data;
residents of this area accounted for approximately 21.8% of the Medical Center’s inpatient
discharges in 2011.

       The following table shows the approximate percentage of total inpatient discharges for
residents of the Medical Center’s primary and secondary service areas for the years ended
December 31, 2009, 2010 and 2011.

                     Percent of Total Medical Center Discharges by Service Area*

                                                   2009                2010                2011
 Service area
    Primary service area                           54.9%               55.7%                55.4%
    Secondary service area                         21.9                22.0                 21.8
    Other service areas                            23.2                22.3                 22.8
       TOTAL                                      100.0%              100.0%               100.0%
 *
     Excludes Normal Newborn Nursing

 Source of DRG Data: Hospital Association of New York State, Market Expert Product Lines




                                                   A-21
        The recent storm in Brooklyn did not result in the loss of service at the Medical Center
 although it did result in the temporary closing of certain service area health care institutions.
 Other Area Hospitals
         The following table sets forth the number of certified beds, the occupancy rate and
 number of discharges for 2010 for Maimonides and certain other hospitals located in and around
 the primary service area of Maimonides:

                                    Summary of Historical Utilization of
                                   Certain Other Area Hospitals for 2010

                                                                                                Average Length
                  Hospital              Certified Beds       Occupancy Rate      Discharges         of Stay
Maimonides Medical Center                    705                  84.4%            45,658            5.68
Beth Israel Brooklyn                         212                  89.5%            11,313            6.12
Coney Island Hospital                        371                  83.7%            18,323            6.60
Kings County Hospital Center                 695                  69.4%            24,637            7.82
Lutheran Medical Center                      468                  78.4%            27,678            5.62
New York Community Hospital of Brooklyn      134                  90.3%             7,142            6.19
SUNY Downstate Medical Center                376                   74.8%            17,828           6.14
Source: At the Brink of Transformation: Restructuring the Healthcare Delivery System in Brooklyn Group,” Report
        of the Brooklyn Health Systems Redesign Work Group, dated November 28, 2011.



 Utilization
        A summary of the Medical Center’s historical utilization data for the years ended
 December 31, 2009, 2010 and 2011, and the eleven-month periods ended November 30, 2011
 and 2012 is presented in the following table:



                                [remainder of page intentionally left blank]




                                                     A-22
                                                Historical Utilization

                                                                                             Eleven-Month Period Ended
                                                  Year Ended December 31,                   November 30, November 30,
                                              2009        2010         2011                      2011          2012
Licensed Beds1                                  705          711           711                      711           711
Inpatient Discharges                         46,696       46,685       46,209                    42,114        41,406
Patient Days                                239,240      245,553      230,702                  210,277        209,672
Patient Days1                               222,340      229,172      213,903                  194,930        193,631
Licensed bed days available1                257,325      258,420      259,515                  237,474        238,185
Average length of stay2                        5.12         5.26          4.99                     4.99          5.06
Average length of stay1, 2, 3                  5.21         5.39          5.15                     5.14          5.26
Medicare case mix index3                       1.69         1.67          1.73                     1.74          1.85
Non-Medicare case mix index3                   1.25         0.95          1.00                     1.02          0.98
Average occupancy rate1, 2                     93%          93%           87%                      87%           85%
Medical/Surgical occupancy rate1, 2, 3, 4      96%          96%           89%                      89%           88%
Maternity occupancy rate2                     101%         103%         105%                      105%          109%
Psychiatry occupancy rate2                     91%          94%           87%                      88%           85%
Emergency room visits (less
                                             90,571            89,608            93,090            84,854        89,649
  admissions)
Outpatient visits5                          307,750         322,162             337,883        309,659          319,289
Psychiatry outpatient visits                 65,050          61,158              60,186         55,689           54,266
Outpatient procedures                         7,643           8,177               8,273          7,817            8,128
  1
      Excludes Nursery
  2
      Calculated based upon beds in service and not licensed beds
  3
      Excludes Psychiatry
  4
      Excludes Pediatric units
  5
      Includes Cancer Center from August 2009


       A summary of the Medical Center’s discharges by major specialties for the years ended
December 31, 2009, 2010 and 2011, and the eleven-month periods ended November 30, 2011
and 2012 is presented in the following table:

                                    Discharges by Major Specialty Groupings

                                                                                      Eleven-Month Period Ended
                                           Year Ended December 31,                   November 30,    November 30,
  Specialty Grouping                    2009       2010      2011                        2011             2012
  Medicine
   General Medicine                    18,929         19,071        18,178                16,617            15,263
   Neurology                              308            336           418                   378               413
     Total Medicine                    19,237         19,407        18,596                16,995            15,676
  Surgery
   General Surgery                      2,582          2,532            2,487              2,248             2,243
   Thoracic Surgery                       969            767              759                693               916
   Urology                                739            699              636                585               578
   Neurosurgery                           552            543              617                572               514
   Orthopedics                            728            700              627                575               483
   Vascular Surgery                       800            772              616                569               401
   Ear, Nose & Throat                     113             91              124                110               145
   Plastic Surgery                         26             27               23                 20                38
     Total Surgery                      6,509          6,131            5,889              5,372             5,318



                                                          A-23
 Obstetrics                   8,320       8,375       8,525          7,769           8,122
 Gynecology                     769         723         730            661             571
   Total OB/GYN               9,089       9,098       9,255          8,430           8,693
 Pediatrics                   2,731       2,765       2,878          2,556           2,623
 Neonatal                       603         620         643            580             689
    Inpatient Subtotal       38,169      38,021      37,261         33,933          32,999
 Nursery                      7,254       7,290       7,462          6,814           7,044
 Psychiatric                  1,273       1,374       1,486          1,367           1,363
    Total                    46,696      46,685      46,209         42,114          41,406


Management’s Discussion of Utilization
        During the past three years, the Medical Center has experienced relatively consistent
inpatient volume. In 2011, total discharges decreased by 1% as compared to 2010 while
remaining stable from 2009 to 2010.

        From 2010 to 2011, general medicine and surgery discharges decreased. The reduction
in volume was partially attributable to evolving changes in the health care industry where select
groups of surgical cases are being performed in outpatient ambulatory surgery settings rather
than as inpatient admissions. Largely a consequence of improvements in surgical technologies,
techniques and improvements in the effectiveness, duration and delivery of pharmaceuticals and
anesthetic agents, these factors have also resulted in reductions in lower acuity medical volume.
Finally, the challenging economic environment has caused patients to defer seeking select
elective and non-urgent medical care. Offsetting the decreases were increases in obstetrics,
pediatrics and nursery discharges due to the Medical Center’s growing position as a leading
newborn and pediatric center. Increases in psychiatric discharges also offset the decrease in
2011 general medicine and surgery discharges. Decreases in discharges for the comparative
eleven-month periods are consistent with the explanation for 2011.

         For 2010, as in 2011, decreases in surgery discharges were offset by increases in
ambulatory procedures as well as discharges in medicine, obstetrics and psychiatric cases leading
to stable overall inpatient discharges from 2009. The Medical Center’s stable inpatient
utilization and decreased average length of stay (“ALOS”) have been coupled with increases in
Medicare case mix indices related to the complexity of the illnesses of the patients served.

       ALOS, excluding nursery and psychiatry, decreased in 2011 by 0.24 days compared to
2010; however, ALOS, excluding nursery and psychiatry, increased by 0.18 days from 2009 to
2010 and by 0.12 days for the eleven-month periods November 30, 2011 to 2012. The
improvement in ALOS for 2011 from 2010 was mainly attributable to decreases in medicine and
surgery. The 2011 results are consistent with the Medical Center’s investments in primary care
and clinical referral programs as well as greater efficiency in the use of Medical Center beds.
The increase in ALOS for the eleven-month period ended November 30, 2012 was primarily due
to fewer shorter stay medicine cases.

      Average occupancy in 2011 of 87% decreased from 2010 and 2009 levels. Average
occupancy also decreased in 2012 from the eleven-month period ended November 30, 2011, all


                                              A-24
primariy as a result of decreases in medical/surgical occupancy due to the general economic
conditions delaying elective procedures as well as evolving changes in the health care industry as
mentioned above. Psychiatry occupancy also experienced decreases in 2012 as well as in 2011.
Occupancies in the maternity area have consistently exceeded 100% for all reported periods.

        Consistent with Maimonides’ outreach to traditional and new communities, utilization of
ambulatory care services has seen steady growth over the past three years. For all reporting
periods, outpatient visits increased in the children’s and adult psychiatric clinics, other outpatient
visits and the multispecialty Cancer Center. Emergency visits also increased for all reported
periods due to an increase in capacity as a result of the major renovations to the Emergency
Room.

        All utilization statistics and related information in this Official Statement represent
historical data and may not be indicative of future activity. The Medical Center cannot assess or
predict the ultimate effect on its operations that may result from future changes in utilization.

Summary of Historical Operations
       The following Summary of Historical Operations for each of the years ended
December 31, 2009, 2010 and 2011 was derived from the financial statements of the Medical
Center which have been audited by Ernst & Young LLP, independent auditors. The financial
statements of the Medical Center for the years ended December 31, 2011 and 2010, which have
been audited by Ernst & Young LLP, are included in Appendix B.

        The Summary of Historical Operations for the eleven-month periods ended November
30, 2011 and 2012 was derived from the Medical Center’s unaudited financial statements. The
unaudited financial information includes all adjustments, consisting of normal recurring accruals,
which Medical Center management considers necessary for a fair presentation of the financial
position and the results of operations for these periods. Operating results for the eleven-month
periods ended November 30, 2011 and 2012 are not necessarily indicative of the results that may
be expected for the entire years ending December 31, 2011 and 2012, as the case may be. The
unaudited financial statements for the eleven-month periods ended November 30, 2011 and 2012
are included in Appendix C.



                            [remainder of page intentionally left blank]




                                                A-25
            The following data should be read in conjunction with the financial statements, related
    notes, and other information included herein.

                                           Summary of Historical Operations*
                                                   (in thousands)

                                                                                                    (Unaudited)
                                                                                            Eleven-Month Period Ended
                                                   Year Ended December 31,                 November 30, November 30,
                                                 2009       2010        2011                   2011             2012
Operating Revenue
   Net patient service revenue                $ 888,664     $ 950,578      $ 942,798         $ 851,179     $ 888,163
   Provision for bad debt                       (38,150)      (18,770)       (15,122)          (11,257)       (8,793)
      Net patient service revenue less          850,514       931,808        927,676           839,922       879,370
      provision for bad debt
   Other revenue                                  36,441       44,341            48,654           39,664      32,123
   Net assets released from restrictions           3,037        2,337             1,765            1,550       1,513
Total Operating Revenue                          889,992      978,486           978,095          881,136     913,006

Operating Expenses
  Salaries and wages                             442,433      472,167           476,048          430,970     455,163
  Employee benefits                              121,315      133,241           142,293          128,623     137,558
  Supplies and other expenses                    266,024      292,125           296,516          266,567     271,835
  Depreciation and amortization                   38,229       41,507            46,098           40,933      43,256
  Interest and amortization of deferred
      financing costs                             13,472       11,471            10,608            9,723       8,355
Total Operating Expenses                         881,473      950,511           971,563          876,816     916,167
Excess (deficiency) of operating
    revenue over operating expenses
    before other items                             8,519          27,975           6,532           4,320      (3,161)
Other items                                       28,467          21,046        (12,110)         (9,503)      16,146
Unrealized gain (loss) on investments
    and change in fair value of swap
    agreements                                      734             169           1,248             440          (72)
Excess (deficiency) of revenue over
    expenses                                      37,720          49,190         (4,330)         (4,743)       12,913
Change in accrued pension and post
    retirement benefits liabilities to be
    recognized in future periods                   (485)       (2,659)          (11,099)             ---          ---
Grants for capital asset acquisitions and
    net assets released from restrictions
    used for capital asset acquisitions             832             140           8,863            7,670         873
Increase (decrease) in unrestricted net
    assets                                     $ 38,067     $ 46,671       ($    6,566)      $     2,927    $ 13,786

*
      A recently issued accounting standard update requires the provision for bad debts to be presented as a reduction
      from net patient service revenue rather than as an operating expense. The Medical Center adopted this standard
      update in 2012 and modified the statements of operations for the prior periods presented above to conform to this
      standard update. See the notes included with the unaudited financial statements in Appendix C for further
      information. The audited financial statements included in Appendix B do not include the modified presentation for
      the years ended December 31, 2011 and 2010.




                                                           A-26
Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Recent Financial Performance
      Eleven-Month Period Ended November 30, 2012 compared to Eleven-Month Period
Ended November 30, 2011:

        For the eleven-month period ended November 30, 2012, after taking into account other
items, the Medical Center reported an increase in unrestricted net assets of $13,786,000 as
compared to an increase of $2,927,000 for the same period in 2011. The Medical Center
recorded a deficiency of operating revenue over operating expenses of $3,161,000 in 2012 as
compared to an excess of operating revenue over operating expenses of $4,320,000 in 2011. In
2012, the Medical Center’s financial performance has been, for the most part, in line with the
operating plan for the Medical Center. This has been achieved through increases in case mix
indices, and retroactive rate adjustments which offset lower than expected volume. Offsetting
the loss from operations were earnings from the Medical Center’s captive insurance program (the
“Captive Insurance Program”) of $13,887,000 and the recognition of a medical resident FICA
refund of $2,259,000 that positively impacted the increase in unrestricted net assets.

        Total current assets at November 30, 2012 was $386,705,000, an increase of $8,533,000
from December 31, 2011. This was primarily due to an increase in net account receivables for
patient care of $7,081,000. Overall, total assets increased by $35,162,000 to $1,005,336,000 as a
result of an increase in other assets of $13,822,000 related to funds received from a lender that
are available to be spent on capital leased fixed assets as well as an increase to the equity in the
Captive Insurance Program of $8,120,000. Total liabilities increased by $21,977,000, primarily
due to increases in short-term and long-term debt and capital lease obligations of $30,407,000,
and an increase in accounts payable and accrued expenses of $9,095,000, offset by a decrease in
other noncurrent liabilities of $15,722,000.

       Year Ended December 31, 2011 compared to Year Ended December 31, 2010:

        For 2011, the Medical Center reported a decrease in unrestricted net assets of $6,566,000.
Although the Medical Center recorded an excess of operating revenue over operating expenses
of $6,532,000, a shortfall related to investment earnings in the Captive Insurance Program of
$10,383,000 and a decrease in net assets from the change of $11,099,000 in accrued pension and
post-retirement benefits liabilities to be recognized in future periods related to reductions in the
discount rate utilized were the main causes for the reduction in unrestricted net assets.

         Total current assets at December 31, 2011 were $378,172,000, an increase of
$26,573,000 from 2010. This increase was mainly attributable to increases of net account
receivables for patient care of $12,223,000, cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments of
$6,999,000 and other current assets of $6,423,000. Overall, total assets increased by
$22,795,000 to $970,174,000 primarily as a result of the increase in total current assets. Total
liabilities increased by $29,539,000, mainly due to increases in accrued pension and post-
retirement benefits of $12,823,000, professional liabilities of $16,768,000 and other current
liabilities of $21,506,000, offset by a decrease in long-term debt and capital lease obligations of
$15,582,000.




                                               A-27
       Year Ended December 31, 2010 compared to Year Ended December 31, 2009:

        For 2010, the Medical Center reported an increase in unrestricted net assets of
$46,671,000, after taking into account other items. The Medical Center recorded an excess of
operating revenue over operating expenses of $27,975,000 related to renegotiated managed care
contracts, receipt of new funding from the New York State Department of Health, other
operating income related to government grant income, a settlement related to a capital advance to
Victory Memorial Hospital prior to its bankruptcy and an increase in insurance company surplus
distributions. Along with the excess of operating revenue over operating expenses, the Medical
Center had earnings from the Captive Insurance Program of $10,323,000, and $10,723,000
related to the accrual of a refund from the Internal Revenue Service for FICA taxes on medical
residents which contributed to the increase in unrestricted net assets.

       Total current assets at December 31, 2010 were $351,599,000, an increase of
$88,534,000 from 2009. This was primarily a result of increases of $23,685,000 in cash, cash
equivalents and short-term investments, net accounts receivables for patient care of $11,304,000,
a $23,368,000 increase in other current assets mainly due to the accrual of the anticipated
medical resident FICA refund and $28,205,000 from a change in accounting principle related to
the recognition of the current portion of estimated insurance claims receivable. Total assets in
2010 of $947,379,000 increased by $279,225,000 from 2009. This increase related to the
aforementioned increase in total current assets as well as an increase in net property, plant and
equipment of $11,476,000, an increase of other assets of $13,104,000 mainly related to funds
received from a lender that are available to be spent on capital leased fixed assets and
$159,826,000 from a change in accounting principle related to the recognition of estimated long-
term insurance claims receivable. Total liabilities increased by $232,167,000, mainly related to
increases in accrued salaries and related liabilities of $10,916,000, increases in short-term and
long-term debt and capital leases of $15,768,000, other current liabilities increases of
$13,480,000 primarily related to the medical resident FICA refund and $188,031,000 in
estimated insurance claims liabilities from the change in accounting principle referred to above.

Discussion of Outstanding Indebtedness
       Long-Term Debt

       The following is a summary of long-term debt as of December 31, 2009, December 31,
2010, December 31, 2011 and November 30, 2012 (in thousands):
                                                                                    (Unaudited)
                        Interest              December      December    December     November
                         Rates     Maturity    31, 2009      31, 2010    31, 2011     30, 2012
 1996 FHA Section
 242 insured mortgage
 loan (a)                  6.55%   10/01/22   $    11,939   $ 11,325     $ 10,669    $ 10,029
 2004 FHA Section
 241 insured mortgage
 loan (a)                  5.45%   3/01/32         98,868     96,520       94,041      91,647
 2006 New York City
 Capital Resource
 Corporation loan/       1-month
 Syndicated bank         LIBOR+
 credit facility (b)       1.70%   5/31/19         28,455     27,430       26,345      26,531



                                                  A-28
                                                                                                          (Unaudited)
                            Interest                      December         December          December      November
                             Rates            Maturity     31, 2009         31, 2010          31, 2011      30, 2012
   Construction bank
   loans                      1.87%(c)        7/2016(c)         5,150            3,986           2,822         20,674
   Capital lease
   obligations                2.65%(c)        4/2015(c)        34,983           55,902          45,836         61,239
         Less current
         portion                                               (16,124)         (21,049)       (21,181)        (26,162)
        TOTAL                                             $   163,271     $ 174,114          $ 158,532     $ 183,958
 ___________
  (a) This loan is to be refinanced by the loan made in connection with the issuance of the Series 2013 Bonds
  (b) The 2006 New York City Capital Resource Corporation loan was prepaid and refinanced with a syndicated
      bank credit facility on June 1, 2012
  (c) Multiple loans/obligations with weighted average interest rates (based upon 1-month LIBOR) and maturities
      provided as of November 30, 2012

 The Medical Center has not increased its outstanding long-term debt obligations since November
 30, 2012.

         In connection with various financing agreements, the Medical Center is required to
 maintain certain financial covenants. The Medical Center was not in compliance with the
 current ratio covenant of 1.50:1 related to its FHA mortgage loans at December 31, 2010 and
 2011. The Medical Center notified the U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development of
 the non-compliance; this non-compliance does not constitute an event of default under the terms
 of the related agreements.

          Interest Rate Swaps

        Currently, the Medical Center has five interest rate swap agreements to manage risk
 associated with changes in interest rates associated with its long-term debt as follows (as of
 November 30, 2012):

                                                                                            Fixed
                                                                                           Payment        2012 Fair Value
           Counterparty                  Notional Amount         Maturity Date               Rate         (All Liabilities)
Bank of America, N.A.                     $ 26,531,128             6/01/27                  3.95%         ($ 5,327,330)
Israel Discount Bank of New York              18,919,630           6/03/19                  1.186%              (389,569)
Bank of America, N.A.                          7,959,338           6/01/19                  1.28%               (168,944)
Bank of America, N.A.                          1,066,666           1/31/14                  6.19%                (31,408)
Bank of America, N.A.                            687,500              8/15/15               5.985%               (40,599)
                                          $     55,164,262                                                ($    5,957,850)


          Lines of Credit

         The Medical Center entered into an unsecured revolving line of credit with a syndicate of
 three banks on June 1, 2012 in the aggregate amount of $30,000,000 at a rate of 1-month LIBOR
 plus 1.50%. As of November 30, 2012, $17,976,000 was outstanding on this revolving line of
 credit. It is anticipated that this revolving line of credit will be utilized by the Medical Center for
 interim financing of capital expenditures and working capital needs.


                                                              A-29
             As of November 30, 2012, the Medical Center also had an unsecured letter of credit
     relating to the Captive Insurance Program in an amount of $1 million at a rate of 1% which
     remains undrawn.

     Pension Plans and Post-Retirement Health Care Benefits
             The following set forth the funded status of the Medical Center’s pension benefits and
     post-retirement health care benefits as of December 31, 2009, 2010 and 2011 (in thousands):

                                                                                                Post-Retirement
                                                      Pension Benefits                         Health Care Benefits
                                             2009           2010          2011            2009         2010         2011
Benefit Obligation
  Benefit obligation, beginning
  of year                                   $73,412        $84,644       $98,873           $8,107        $10,540         $12,279
   Costs, actuarial losses and other
   adjustments                               12,578         15,585        25,148            2,862           2,211           653
   Net benefits paid and expected
   expenses                                   (1,346)       (1,356)        (3,255)           (429)           (472)         (597)
   Benefit obligation, end of year           84,644         98,873       120,766          10,540          12,279         12,335

Change in Plan Assets
  Fair value of plan assets, beginning
  of year                                   $43,577        $53,243       $64,339     $         --    $         --    $       ---
   Actual return and contributions           11,012         12,452        12,319             429             472            597
   Benefits paid and actual expenses          (1,346)       (1,356)        (3,302)           (429)           (472)         (597)
   Fair value of plan assets, end of year    53,243         64,339        73,356               --              --             --
Unfunded Status                             ($31,401)     ($34,534)      ($47,410)       ($10,540)       ($12,279)   ($12,335)


            At December 31, 2011, the unfunded status of (i) the pension benefits are all noncurrent
     accrued benefit liabilities and (ii) 95% of the post-retirement health care benefits are noncurrent
     accrued benefit liabilities.

             The Medical Center participates in two multiemployer defined benefit pension plans.
     The risks of participating in a multiemployer plan are (i) that assets contributed to a plan by one
     employer may be used to provide benefits to employees of other participating employers, (ii) if a
     participating employer stops contributing to a plan, the unfunded obligations of the plan may be
     borne by the remaining participating employers and (iii) if the Medical Center chooses to stop
     participating in a plan, the Medical Center may be required to pay the plan an amount based on
     the unfunded status of the plan, referred to as a withdrawal liability. The Medical Center was
     listed by the New York State Nurses Association Pension Plan as providing more than 5% of the
     total contributions of the plan for the plan years ended December 31, 2010 and 2011.

            For additional information on the Medical Center’s pension plans and post-retirement
     health care benefits, see Note 6 of the Audited Financial Statements of the Medical Center for
     the years ended December 31, 2011 and 2010 included in Appendix B.



                                                           A-30
Sources of Patient Service Revenue
       The major portion of revenue received by the Medical Center is derived from third party
payors. Maimonides is a provider under the Medicare and Medicaid programs, and receives
payment from Empire BlueCross and BlueShield (“Blue Cross”), other commercial insurance
companies and various managed care plans. The following table shows the approximate
percentage distribution of total patient discharges (excluding psychiatry) by payor source for the
years ended December 31, 2009, 2010 and 2011, and the eleven-month period ended November
30, 2012.

                               Patient Discharges by Payor Source*

                                                                                    Eleven-Month
                                               Year Ended December 31,              Period Ended
                                          2009          2010           2011       November 30, 2012
Medicaid HMO                              36.5%         38.1%         40.4%              43.2%
Medicare                                  24.7          25.0          23.9               23.0
Medicare HMO                               8.7           8.5            8.2               8.0
Other Managed Care                         8.3           7.6            7.6               7.6
Blue Cross                                 8.3           7.7            7.9               7.0
Medicaid                                   8.3           8.0            7.6               6.1
PPO                                        2.1           2.0            2.0               2.0
Self Pay                                   1.4           1.2            1.1               1.6
Commercial                                 1.4           1.6            1.1               1.2
Other                                      0.3           0.3            0.2               0.3
    TOTAL                                100.0%        100.0%       100.0%              100.0%
________
*
    Excludes Psychiatry

        Revenue from the Medicare and Medicaid programs, on a combined basis, accounted for
a significant portion of the Medical Center’s net patient service revenue – approximately 72% in
2009, and approximately 75% in 2010 and 2011.

        All revenue statistics and reimbursement information in this Official Statement represent
historical data and may not be indicative of future activity. The Medical Center cannot assess or
predict the ultimate effect on its operations that may result from existing or future reimbursement
legislation or regulations.

Patient Insurers/Managed Care
        Maimonides has responded to the changing health care delivery system in New York
State by entering into contractual agreements with the major managed care organizations in New
York. Managed care cases for 2011 comprise approximately 56% of the Medical Center’s
inpatient discharges (excluding psychiatry discharges).

       The following eleven (11) organizations insure the vast majority of the patients treated by
the Medical Center: Aetna Health Plans, Affinity Health Plan, Amerigroup (including the newly
acquired HealthPlus), EmblemHealth (including Group Health Inc. (GHI) and Health Insurance
Plan of New York (HIP)), 1199SEIU, Empire BlueCross BlueShield, Fidelis Care, Healthfirst,
MagnaCare, MultiPlan and United HealthCare (including Oxford Health Plans, United



                                               A-31
Community Plan (formerly Americhoice) and United HealthCare). The Medical Center is an
owner hospital of Healthfirst (see “Organization and Affiliates” above).

         The Medical Center has experienced growth in managed care inpatient and outpatient
utilization over the past several years. To date, it has approximately 20 contracts in place with
managed care organizations. The growth in the number of managed care contracts is attributed
primarily to the growing number of employer groups opting for some level of health insurance
for their employees, the increasing number of Medical Center physicians participating in
managed care plans, and a shift from fee for service Medicaid and Medicare to managed care
plans.

        The Medical Center is actively pursuing innovations in comprehensive patient care
management strategies in support of CMS’s three primary goals – better care for individuals,
better health for populations and reducing per-capita costs. Using Healthfirst, a full risk financial
model, the patient centered medical home (PCMH), the Southwest Brooklyn Health Home and
the Brooklyn Health Information Exchange (BHIX), Maimonides is actively engaged with its
medical staff and community partners to develop care management strategies to increase the
effectiveness and efficacy of health care to the community.

Insurance
       The Medical Center maintains comprehensive all-risk form property insurance as well as
general liability and professional liability coverage, and workers’ compensation insurance.
Property insurance is purchased from commercial carriers and is subject to deductibles.
Workers’ compensation insurance is purchased from commercial carriers for statutory limits.

        General liability and professional liability insurance is purchased from an insurance
program for institutions that are affiliated with Federation of Jewish Philanthropies of New York
(the “FOJP Program”). The FOJP Program is a pooled professional and general liability
program with certain other health care facilities (primarily Beth Israel Medical Center,
Montefiore Medical Center and Mount Sinai Medical Center) that has been approved by the New
York State Department of Health. The FOJP Program is underwritten by many insurance
carriers which include both commercial foreign and domestic insurance carriers and captive
insurance carriers utilizing occurrence based type coverage. The Medical Center retains
ownership in three captive insurance companies affiliated with the FOJP Program (the “Captive
Insurers”).

       The Medical Center, as an owner of the Captive Insurers, guarantees a certain level of
investment return. The Medical Center was required to fund its share of market losses ($10.4
million for 2011) over a period of four years beginning in 2012. In 2011, the Medical Center
increased its ownership percentage of the Captive Insurers as one of the member hospitals
dropped out of the FOJP Program, increasing the Medical Center’s equity in the Captive Insurers
by $9.7 million and its liabilities by $8.5 million. It is not anticipated that any other member
hospitals will drop out of the FOJP Program. For additional information on the FOJP Program
and professional liability coverage, see Note 7 of the audited financial statements of the Medical
Center for the years ended December 31, 2011 and 2010 included in Appendix B.

        In 1998, a portion of the Medical Center’s professional liability insurance was self-
retained. At December 31, 2011, the financial statements reflected professional liabilities of $4.9

                                                A-32
million for the actuarial present value of the self-retained component of professional liability
insurance based on a study proposed by independent consulting actuaries discounted at 5.0%.

       In addition, all non-Medical Center medical staff members with admitting privileges are
required to maintain professional liability insurance coverage in amounts not less than $2.3
million per occurrence and $6.9 million in the aggregate.

Material Pending Audits
        As of January 31, 2013, the Medical Center was the subject of audits under the Medicare
Recovery Audit Contractor (“RAC”) program relating to $35,857,782 of original payments, the
bulk of which related to short-term stay cases in 2009 that Performant Recovery, Inc., as the
RAC contractor (the “RAC Contractor”), believes should have been reimbursed as outpatient
rather than inpatient services. The Medical Center is making a concerted effort to screen short-
term stays to minimize future reimbursement disputes.

        The RAC Contractor has not made any determination whether or not there have been
overpayments with respect to $6,181 of the original payments and the RAC Contractor has
identified no issues with respect to $19,958,652 of the original payments. Of those payments
originally identified by the RAC Contractor as overpayments, the Medical Center is planning not
to dispute $3,668,866 in overpayments, and the RAC Contractor has overturned or rescinded
$1,481,631 in overpayments. In summary, the RAC Contractor has either identified no issues, or
overturned or rescinded overpayments, in an aggregate amount of $21,440,283 constituting
59.8% of the original payments subject to audit.

        The Medical Center’s Case Management Team and the Chief Medical Officer believe
that the remaining $10,742,452 in originally identified overpayments will be decided upon
appeal in favor of the Medical Center. The Medical Center has hired outside firms to assist in
the appeal process of the RAC audits.

        Generally, RAC audits have been expanding nationwide for all health care institutions
and are expected to continue to increase due to the enactment of the Affordable Care Act. See
“RISK FACTORS AND REGULATORY PROVISIONS WHICH MAY AFFECT THE
MEDICAL CENTER OR THE SERIES 2013 BONDS–Health Care Reform–Fraud and Abuse”
herein.

Compliance
        Maimonides maintains a corporate compliance program that is designed to assist the
Board and staff to meet or exceed applicable standards established by federal and state laws and
regulations. In this regard, the Medical Center has adopted a code of conduct and compliance
program guidelines.

       The Compliance Oversight Committee oversees all compliance activities at the Medical
Center. It is chaired by the Chief Compliance Officer and includes the President and Chief
Executive Officer, the Chief Operating Officer, the Chief Financial Officer, the Chief Medical
Officer, the Chief of Staff, the Chief Nursing Officer, the Chief Information Officer, the
Executive Vice President for Clinical Affairs and Affiliations, the Senior Vice Presidents for
Legal Affairs, Professional Affairs, Physician Enterprises and Human Resources, and the Vice


                                             A-33
President for Internal Audit. In addition, there is a Compliance Committee that reviews routine
compliance activities on an ongoing basis. The Chief Compliance Officer reports directly to the
Audit and Legal Committee of the Board and the Chief Executive Officer of the Medical Center,
and reports periodically to the full Board.

         The Code of Conduct establishes standards of behavior and provides guidance on legal,
regulatory and ethical requirements with respect to, among other matters (i) patient care and
rights, (ii) emergency care, (iii) patient privacy and confidentiality, (iv) coding and billing for
services, (v) patient referrals/fraud and abuse, (vi) relationships and selection of vendors,
(vii) gifts and entertainment, (viii) conflicts of interest, (ix) books and records, (x) corporate
confidential information, (xi) software and intellectual information, (xii) electronic media,
(xiii) sexual harassment/discrimination, (xiv) workplace violence, (xv) prescription drugs/
controlled substances, (xvi) health and safety, (xvii) substance and alcohol abuse, (xviii) personal
use of company assets, (xix) marketing and advertising, and (xx) political activities.

       All employees are trained in the Medical Center’s compliance policies and attest to their
agreement to abide by the Fraud and Abuse Policies of the Medical Center. The Chief
Compliance Officer personally attends all new employee orientation sessions to discuss the code
of conduct and the compliance program guidelines and, on an annual basis, all employees must
complete a mandatory training program which includes a compliance module. Medical Center
physicians are required to take specialized training in compliance which, among other things,
focuses on coding, and anti-kickback and Stark regulations.

       The Medical Center routinely checks all employees, medical staff, Board members,
students, volunteers and vendors against the federal and the New York State sanction lists. In
additional to a robust internal audit function, the Compliance Department has specially trained
auditors who review the billing practices of both the Medical Center and its physicians.

       The Medical Center has not experienced any significant fines, penalties or other
enforcement actions with respect to its legal, regulatory or ethical compliance.

Litigation
       The Medical Center has no litigation, including medical malpractice litigation, or
proceedings pending or, to its knowledge, threatened against it except: (i) litigation being
defended by insurance companies on behalf of the Medical Center, the probable recoveries in
which and the estimated costs and expenses of defense of which, in the opinion of counsel to the
Medical Center for such matters, will be entirely within the Medical Center’s applicable
insurance policy limits (subject to applicable deductibles); (ii) litigation, the probable recoveries
in which and the estimated costs and expenses of defense of which, in the opinion of
management of the Medical Center, will not materially and adversely affect the Medical Center’s
operations or financial condition; and (iii) litigation, the probable recoveries in which and the
estimated costs and expenses of defense of which after exhaustion of available insurance
proceeds, if any, in the opinion of management of the Medical Center, will not materially and
adversely affect the Medical Center’s operations or financial conditions.




                                                A-34
Capital Expenditures/Future Plans
        The table below sets forth the project name, status and estimated project cost for the
projects included in the Medical Center’s capital budget for 2012:

                                                                               Estimated
Project                                                   CON Status          Project Cost
Information technology                                       N/A              $10,000,000
Various other equipment                                      N/A                7,050,000
Lobby renovations (main hospital lobby and Community       Approved             7,000,000
Mental Health Center)
Bay Parkway ambulatory surgery/endoscopy site                  N/A               6,500,000
Hybrid operating room                                       Approved             6,350,000
Various other construction projects                            N/A               4,600,000
Electrophysiology system labs                               Approved             3,300,000
Cancer Center Infusion Center                                Pending             1,300,000
    Total Project Costs                                                        $46,100,000

        The bulk of these projects are expected to be completed by the end of the second quarter
of 2013. Funding has been obtained through a taxable equipment financing in an amount of
$30,836,685 closed in August 2012 and a portion of the loan proceeds from a syndicated bank
credit facility closed in June 2012 as well as cash reserves from the Medical Center (see
“Discussion of Outstanding Indebtedness – Long-Term Debt” above).




                                              A-35
[This page intentionally left blank]
                      APPENDIX B

            AUDITED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     OF THE MEDICAL CENTER AND AUDITOR’S REPORT
AS OF AND FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2011 AND 2010
[This page intentionally left blank]
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Maimonides Medical Center
Years Ended December 31, 2011 and 2010
With Report of Independent Auditors




Ernst & Young LLP
                                             Maimonides Medical Center

                                                   Financial Statements

                                      Years Ended December 31, 2011 and 2010




                                                             Contents

Report of Independent Auditors.......................................................................................................1

Statements of Financial Position......................................................................................................2
Statements of Operations and Changes in Net Assets .....................................................................4
Statements of Cash Flows ................................................................................................................5
Notes to Financial Statements ..........................................................................................................6
                                                                       Ernst & Young LLP
                                                                       5 Times Square
                                                                       New York, NY 10036-6530
                                                                       Tel: +1 212 773 3000
                                                                       Fax: +1 212 773 6350
                                                                       www.ey.com




                              Report of Independent Auditors

The Board of Trustees
Maimonides Medical Center

We have audited the accompanying statements of financial position of Maimonides Medical
Center (the “Medical Center”) as of December 31, 2011 and 2010, and the related statements of
operations and changes in net assets and cash flows for the years then ended. These financial
statements are the responsibility of the Medical Center’s management. Our responsibility is to
express an opinion on these financial statements based on our audits.

We conducted our audits in accordance with auditing standards generally accepted in the United
States. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance
about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement. We were not engaged
to perform an audit of the Medical Center’s internal control over financial reporting. Our audits
included consideration of internal control over financial reporting as a basis for designing audit
procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an
opinion on the effectiveness of the Medical Center’s internal control over financial reporting.
Accordingly, we express no such opinion. An audit also includes examining, on a test basis,
evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements, assessing the
accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, and evaluating the
overall financial statement presentation. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for
our opinion.

In our opinion, the financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects,
the financial position of Maimonides Medical Center at December 31, 2011 and 2010, and the
results of its operations and changes in net assets and its cash flows for the years then ended in
conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States.

As discussed in Notes 1 and 7 to the accompanying financial statements, in 2011 the Medical
Center changed its method of accounting and reporting for estimated insurance claims receivable
and estimated insurance claims liabilities with the adoption of Accounting Standards Update
No. 2010-24, Presentation of Insurance Claims and Related Insurance Recoveries.




April 30, 2012
                                                                    


                                                                       A member firm of Ernst & Young Global Limited
                                                                                                                       1
                                 Maimonides Medical Center

                               Statements of Financial Position


                                                                            December 31
                                                                         2011          2010
                                                                           (In Thousands)
Assets
Current assets:
 Cash and cash equivalents                                           $    49,188   $    43,996
 Short-term investments (Notes 1 and 3)                                   93,294        91,487
 Total cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments                 142,482       135,483

 Assets limited as to use, current portion (Notes 3 and 5):
   Board designated                                                       13,757        13,908
 Receivables for patient care, net of allowance for doubtful
   accounts (2011 – $83,819; 2010 – $76,844) (Note 2)                    131,916       119,693
 Due from affiliates, net, current portion (Note 8)                        7,300         4,919
 Supplies, at average cost                                                 8,851         9,948
 Estimated insurance claims receivable, current
   portion (Notes 1 and 7)                                                28,000        28,205
 Other current assets (Note 1)                                            45,866        39,443
Total current assets                                                     378,172       351,599

Assets limited as to use, less current portion (Notes 3, 5 and 7):
  Sinking funds                                                           12,883        10,944
  Collateral                                                               2,630         2,630
  Self-insurance trust                                                     3,917         3,958
Long-term investment funds (Notes 1 and 3)                                 1,102         1,384
Due from affiliates, net, less current portion (Note 8)                    2,607         2,462
Property, plant and equipment, net (Notes 4 and 5)                       340,954       331,664
Equity in captive insurance program (Note 7)                              52,707        47,256
Estimated insurance claims receivable, less current
  portion (Notes 1 and 7)                                                158,668       159,826
Other assets (Note 1)                                                     16,534        35,656

Total assets                                                         $   970,174   $   947,379




2
                                                                        December 31
                                                                     2011         2010
                                                                       (In Thousands)
Liabilities and net assets
Current liabilities:
 Accounts payable and accrued expenses                           $    54,948   $    56,076
 Construction payable                                                  7,291         8,280
 Accrued salaries and related liabilities                             74,152        74,089
 Current portion of long-term debt and capital lease
   obligations (Note 5)                                               21,181        21,049
 Line of credit borrowings (Note 5)                                   18,408        16,408
 Estimated insurance claims liabilities, current
   portion (Notes 1 and 7)                                            28,000        28,205
 Other current liabilities (Notes 1 and 7)                            65,260        43,754
Total current liabilities                                            269,240       247,861

Long-term debt and capital lease obligations, less
  current portion (Note 5)                                           158,532       174,114
Accrued pension and postretirement benefits (Note 6)                  59,170        46,347
Other noncurrent liabilities (Notes 2 and 5)                         104,430       109,121
Professional liabilities (Note 7)                                     41,912        25,144
Estimated insurance claims liabilities, less current
  portion (Notes 1 and 7)                                            158,668       159,826
Total liabilities                                                    791,952       762,413

Commitments and contingencies (Notes 2, 5 ,6, 7, 9, 14 and 15)

Net assets (Note 9):
 Unrestricted                                                        162,652       169,218
 Temporarily restricted                                               14,438        14,616
 Permanently restricted                                                1,132         1,132
Total net assets                                                     178,222       184,966
Total liabilities and net assets                                 $   970,174   $   947,379

See accompanying notes.




                                                                                         3
                                       Maimonides Medical Center

                      Statements of Operations and Changes in Net Assets


                                                                             Year Ended December 31
                                                                              2011             2010
                                                                                  (In Thousands)
Operating revenue:
  Net patient service revenue (Note 2)                                   $     942,798    $   950,578
  Other revenue (Note 10)                                                       48,654         44,341
  Net assets released from restrictions                                          1,765          2,337
Total operating revenue                                                        993,217        997,256

Operating expenses:
  Salaries and wages                                                           476,048        472,167
  Employee benefits                                                            142,293        133,241
  Supplies and other expenses                                                  311,638        310,895
  Depreciation and amortization                                                 46,098         41,507
  Interest and amortization of deferred financing costs                         10,608         11,471
Total operating expenses                                                       986,685        969,281

Excess of operating revenue over operating expenses before other items           6,532         27,975
Change in captive insurance program interest rate shortfall (Note 7)           (10,383)         5,249
Change in equity in captive insurance program (Note 7)                          (1,727)         5,074
Medical residents FICA refund (Note 1)                                               –         10,723
(Deficiency) excess of revenue over expenses before net change in
  unrealized gains and losses on investments and change in fair
  value of interest rate swap agreements                                        (5,578)        49,021
Net change in unrealized gains and losses on investments and
  change in fair value of interest rate swap agreements (Note 5)                 1,248            169
(Deficiency) excess of revenue over expenses                                    (4,330)        49,190
Change in accrued pension and postretirement benefits liabilities
  to be recognized in future periods                                           (11,099)        (2,659)
Grants for capital asset acquisitions and net assets released from
  restrictions used for capital asset acquisitions                               8,863            140
(Decrease) increase in unrestricted net assets                                  (6,566)        46,671

Temporarily restricted net assets:
  Restricted contributions, grants and other receipts                            1,937          2,864
  Net assets released from restrictions:
    Operating expenses                                                          (1,765)        (2,337)
    Capital asset acquisitions                                                    (350)          (140)
(Decrease) increase in temporarily restricted net assets                          (178)           387

(Decrease) increase in net assets                                               (6,744)        47,058
Net assets at beginning of year                                                184,966        137,908
Net assets at end of year                                                $     178,222    $   184,966

See accompanying notes.




                                                                                                        4
                                       Maimonides Medical Center

                                         Statements of Cash Flows


                                                                             Year Ended December 31
                                                                              2011             2010
                                                                                  (In Thousands)
Operating activities
(Decrease) increase in net assets                                        $      (6,744)   $   47,058
Adjustments to reconcile (decrease) increase in net assets to net cash
  provided by operating activities:
    Change in accrued pension and postretirement benefits
      liabilities to be recognized in future periods                           11,099          2,659
    Depreciation and amortization                                              46,098         41,507
    Amortization of deferred financing costs                                      359            365
    Net change in unrealized gains and losses on investments
      and change in fair value of interest rate swap agreements                 (1,248)          (169)
    Restricted contributions, grants and other receipts                         (1,937)        (2,864)
    Changes in operating assets and liabilities:
       Receivables for patient care                                            (12,223)       (11,304)
       Due from affiliates                                                      (2,526)          (632)
       Other assets                                                            (11,276)       (30,481)
       Accounts payable and accrued expenses and accrued
         salaries and related liabilities                                      (1,065)        10,486
       Other current liabilities                                               21,506         13,480
       Other liabilities                                                       11,733          2,797
Net cash provided by operating activities                                      53,776         72,902

Investing activities
Redemption of investments                                                          307          3,951
Acquisitions of property, plant and equipment – net                            (29,851)       (32,189)
Redemption (purchase) of assets limited as to use                                  378         (1,203)
Purchase of sinking funds                                                       (1,630)        (1,450)
Net cash used in investing activities                                          (30,796)       (30,891)

Financing activities
Repayments of long-term debt and capital lease obligations                     (21,725)       (16,994)
Restricted contributions, grants and other receipts                              1,937          2,864
Line of credit drawdown (repayments)                                             2,000         (1,700)
Proceeds from financing                                                              –            153
Net cash used in financing activities                                          (17,788)       (15,677)

Net increase in cash and cash equivalents                                       5,192         26,334
Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year                                 43,996         17,662
Cash and cash equivalents at end of year                                 $     49,188     $   43,996

Supplemental disclosures of cash flow information
Cash paid for interest                                                   $     10,302     $   11,123
Capital lease arrangements                                               $      6,275     $   32,762

See accompanying notes.




                                                                                                       5
                                 Maimonides Medical Center

                                Notes to Financial Statements

                                        December 31, 2011

1. Organization and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies

Organization

Maimonides Medical Center (the “Medical Center”) is a not-for-profit membership corporation,
organized under the New York State not-for-profit corporation law, whose sole member is
Maimonides Health Resources, Inc. (“MHRI”). Located in Brooklyn, New York, the Medical
Center provides health care and related services to residents of the metropolitan New York area.
The accompanying financial statements do not include the accounts of MHRI, the Maimonides
Research and Development Foundation, a not-for-profit corporation which solicits funds and
awards grants primarily to the Medical Center for research purposes, or MMC Holding of
Brooklyn, Inc., a for-profit company, which provides certain support services to the Medical
Center and the surrounding community (see Note 8).

Use of Estimates

The preparation of financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally
accepted in the United States requires management to make estimates and assumptions that
affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, such as estimated uncollectibles for accounts
receivable for services to patients, estimated settlements with third-party payors, estimated
insurance claims liabilities and receivables and retirement liabilities, and disclosure of contingent
assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements. Estimates also affect the amounts of
revenues and expenses reported during the period. Actual results could differ from those
estimates.

Cash and Cash Equivalents

The Medical Center considers all highly liquid investments with a maturity of three months or
less at the date of purchase to be cash equivalents. Cash and cash equivalents exclude assets
limited as to use.
Investments

Investments consist of cash equivalents, U.S. government obligations, corporate bonds, a mutual
fund, a certificate of deposit and alternative investments. Investments, other than alternative
investments, are recorded at fair value based on quoted market prices.




                                                                                                   6
                                Maimonides Medical Center

                        Notes to Financial Statements (continued)




1. Organization and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (continued)

Alternative investments (nontraditional, not readily marketable securities) consist of three
investment vehicles: an equity fund, a fund of funds and participation in a bank note/certificate
receivable investment program. The Medical Center’s risk is limited to the carrying amount in
each investee company.

The Medical Center’s ownership of the equity fund and the fund of funds is carried on the equity
method of accounting at net asset value per share. Individual investment holdings within these
alternative investments may include investments in both nonmarketable and market-traded
securities and interests in other alternative investments. The amounts used to report the Medical
Center’s alternative investment interests may be determined through a combination of
information provided by the investment manager, fair value valuations of underlying securities
held by the alternative investment investee company, fair value valuations of other financial
instruments held by the alternative investment investee company such as derivative instruments,
or other estimates that require varying degrees of judgment. Generally, the value of the Medical
Center’s interest reflects net contributions to the investee and an ownership share of realized and
unrealized investment income and expenses. The Medical Center’s holdings of these alternative
investment interests may indirectly expose the Medical Center to securities lending, short sales
of securities, and trading in futures and forward contracts, options and other derivative products.
The financial statements of these alternative investment investee companies are audited annually
by independent auditors, although the timing of such audits does not coincide with the Medical
Center’s year-end financial statement reporting. The Medical Center’s ownership structure does
not provide the Medical Center with control over the alternative investment investee companies.
A portion of the fund of funds is an illiquid asset and, therefore, is classified as long-term at
December 31, 2011 and 2010.

The investment in the bank note/certificate receivable investment program is valued by the
investee monthly, based on the performance of an underlying insurance fund. The valuation
provided monthly to the Medical Center approximates fair value, which was written down to
zero at December 31, 2010. Additionally, during 2011, the Medical Center liquidated its
investment in the equity fund.

Investment income, which comprises interest and realized gains and losses on investments as
well as the change in equity in alternative investments, is reported as a component of other
revenue. The net change in unrealized gains and losses on investments is reported as a separate
component of the (deficiency) excess of revenue over expenses.




                                                                                                 7
                                Maimonides Medical Center

                        Notes to Financial Statements (continued)




1. Organization and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (continued)

Net Patient Service Revenue and Accounts Receivable

Net patient service revenue is reported at the estimated net realizable amounts from patients,
third-party payors, and others for services rendered, including estimated retroactive revenue
adjustments due to ongoing and future audits, reviews and investigations. The Medical Center
has agreements with third-party payors that provide for payments to the Medical Center at
amounts different from its established rates. Payment arrangements include prospectively
determined rates per discharge, reimbursed costs, discounted charges and per diem payments.
Retroactive adjustments are considered in the recognition of revenue on an estimated basis in the
period the related services are rendered and such amounts are adjusted in future periods as
adjustments become known or as years are no longer subject to such audits, reviews and
investigations.

Patient accounts receivable results from the health care and related services provided by the
Medical Center. Additions to the allowance for doubtful accounts result from the provision for
bad debts. Accounts written off as uncollectible are deducted from the allowance for doubtful
accounts. The amount of the allowance for doubtful accounts is based upon management’s
assessment of historical and expected net collections, business and economic conditions, trends
in Medicare and Medicaid health care coverage and other collection indicators.

Assets Limited as to Use

Assets limited as to use include assets designated by the Board of Trustees, over which the Board
retains control and which the Board, at its discretion, may designate for use for other purposes;
assets held by trustees under bond indenture agreements; assets restricted for self-insurance; and
assets restricted by donors for specific purposes or endowment. Assets limited as to use are
carried at fair value based on quoted market prices. Amounts which are available to be used to
fund current liabilities are reported as current assets.

Property, Plant and Equipment

Property, plant and equipment are stated at cost, except for donated equipment, which is
recorded at the fair value established at the date of the gift. Assets acquired through capitalized
lease obligations are recorded at the present value of the future minimum lease payments. The
carrying amounts of assets and the related accumulated depreciation are removed from the




                                                                                                 8
                                  Maimonides Medical Center

                         Notes to Financial Statements (continued)




1. Organization and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (continued)

accounts when such assets are disposed of, and any resulting gain or loss is included in
operations. Depreciation is provided on a straight-line basis over the estimated useful lives of the
assets.

Equipment acquired under capital lease obligations is amortized on the straight-line method over
the shorter period of the lease term or the estimated useful life of the equipment. Such
amortization is included in depreciation and amortization expense in the accompanying
statements of operations and changes in net assets. Interest cost incurred on borrowed funds
during the period of construction of capital assets is capitalized as a component of the cost of
acquiring those assets.

Other Assets

Included in other assets are deferred costs, pledges receivable, other noncurrent investments and
funding available to be spent on capital leased fixed assets. Deferred costs are approximately
$4.2 million and $4.6 million at December 31, 2011 and 2010, respectively. Deferred costs include
costs incurred with respect to debt financing and are amortized using the effective interest method
over the period the applicable obligation is outstanding. Included in the $4.2 million of deferred costs
at December 31, 2011 are approximately $0.4 million related to the 1996 FHA Section 242 mortgage
loan (see Note 5), $0.9 million related to a loan from the New York City Capital Resource
Corporation (see Note 5), and $2.9 million related to the 2004 FHA Section 241 mortgage loan (see
Note 5). At December 31, 2011 and 2010, the accumulated amortization for deferred costs was
approximately $3.2 million and $2.8 million, respectively. Amortization of deferred financing costs
is included in interest and amortization of deferred financing costs in the accompanying statements of
operations and changes in net assets. Pledges receivable are approximately $708,000 and $875,000 at
December 31, 2011 and 2010, respectively.

Pledges receivable are unconditional promises to give cash, which are reported at the present value of
their estimated cash flows at the date the promise is received. Funding available to be spent on capital
leased fixed assets was approximately $1.3 million at December 31, 2011 ($20.6 million at
December 31, 2010).




                                                                                                      9
                                 Maimonides Medical Center

                         Notes to Financial Statements (continued)




1. Organization and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (continued)

Equity Investments

Included in other assets is an amount related to the Medical Center’s investment in a limited liability
company. The Medical Center accounts for this investment using the equity method of accounting.
During 2011 and 2010, the Medical Center recognized income of approximately $3.0 million and
$2.5 million, respectively, and received distributions of approximately $1.7 million and $401,000,
respectively.

Additionally, the Medical Center has an investment in First to Care Home Care, Inc., a joint
venture with Metropolitan Jewish Geriatric Corporation. As a result of its ownership in this joint
venture, the Medical Center has recorded a loss of approximately $1.5 million and $67,000 in its
statements of operations and changes in net assets for the years ended December 31, 2011 and
2010, respectively.

Temporarily and Permanently Restricted Net Assets

The Medical Center separately accounts for and reports upon donor restricted and unrestricted
net assets.

Temporarily restricted net assets are those whose use is temporarily limited by the donor.
Permanently restricted net assets have been restricted by donors to be maintained by the Medical
Center in perpetuity. When a donor restriction expires (that is, when a stipulated time restriction
ends or purpose of restriction is accomplished), temporarily restricted net assets are reclassified
as unrestricted net assets and reported in the statements of operations and changes in net assets as
net assets released from restrictions.

Faculty Practice Revenue

All employed physicians may participate in the Medical Center’s faculty practice plan. Plan
participants are authorized to conduct faculty practices and engage in professional consultation in
accordance with established institutional guidelines. Professional service fee receipts are
recorded and deposited in faculty practice funds established by the Medical Center for each
individual participant or group practice when received by the Medical Center. Portions of these
receipts are used to reimburse the Medical Center for costs incurred in supporting plan activities.
The remaining amounts, after direct plan expenses, provide participant salary supplements and
support departmental activities. Faculty practice revenue activities are included in net patient



                                                                                                    10
                                Maimonides Medical Center

                        Notes to Financial Statements (continued)




1. Organization and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (continued)

service revenue and are recorded on a modified cash basis, which approximates the accrual basis
with respect to the accompanying statements of operations and changes in net assets. Physicians
comprising the faculty practices participate in the Medical Center’s professional and general
liability insurance programs.

Performance Indicator

The statements of operations and changes in net assets include the (deficiency) excess of revenue
over expenses as the performance indicator. Certain items that are peripheral to the Medical
Center’s operations (e.g., change in captive insurance program interest rate shortfall, change in
equity in captive insurance program, medical residents FICA refund and net change in unrealized
gains and losses on investments and change in fair value of interest rate swap agreements) are
considered non-operating for purposes of financial statement presentation. Changes in
unrestricted net assets which are excluded from the (deficiency) excess of revenue over expenses
include contributions of long-lived assets (including grants for capital asset acquisitions and net
assets released from restriction used for capital asset acquisitions) and the change in accrued
pension and postretirement benefits liabilities to be recognized in future periods.

Uncompensated Care

For financial reporting purposes, the Medical Center reports as uncompensated care amounts
related to care provided for which the patient’s payment obligation has not been fully satisfied.
Uncompensated care is the sum of the Medical Center’s charity care, including free and reduced
price medical care, and bad debt expense. During the registration, billing and collection process,
a patient’s eligibility for charity care is determined. For patients who are determined to be
eligible for charity care under the Medical Center’s charity care and financial aid policy, care
given but not paid for is classified as charity care. The Medical Center amended its charity care
and financial aid policy in order to authorize use of additional financial information for
uninsured or under-insured patients who have not supplied the requisite information to qualify
for charity care. The additional information obtained is used by the Medical Center to determine
whether to qualify patients for charity care and/or financial aid in accordance with the Medical
Center’s policies. For patients who were determined by the Medical Center to have the ability to
pay but did not, the uncollected amounts are classified as bad debt expense. Distinguishing
between bad debt and charity care is difficult in part because services are often rendered prior to
full evaluation of a patient’s ability to pay.




                                                                                                11
                                Maimonides Medical Center

                        Notes to Financial Statements (continued)




1. Organization and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (continued)

The Medical Center’s estimated costs for charity care were $37.0 million for 2011 and
$30.0 million for 2010. This does not include the service loss of treating the Medicaid
population. The cost of charity includes the direct and indirect cost of providing charity care
services. The cost is estimated by utilizing a ratio of cost to gross charges applied to the gross
uncompensated charges associated with providing charity care. Net of pool contributions, funds
received from the New York State Indigent Care Pool to offset bad debts and charity care
provided totaled $9.5 million and $9.4 million for the years ended December 31, 2011 and 2010,
respectively. The charity care component of the indigent care pool payments is estimated
utilizing a ratio of charity care charges to total charity care and bad debt charges applied to the
indigent care pool reimbursement and excludes amounts designated for teaching programs.

Additionally, patients who do not qualify for charity care and all uninsured inpatients who do not
qualify for Medicaid assistance are billed at the Medical Center’s rates. Uncollected balances for
these patients are categorized as bad debts. Total uncompensated care as a result of bad debts for
all patient services approximated $15.0 million in 2011 and $19.0 million in 2010.

Interest Rate Swap Agreements

The Medical Center uses interest rate swap agreements, which are derivative financial
instruments, for interest rate risk exposure-management purposes. The Medical Center
recognizes derivative instruments as either an asset or liability in the statements of financial
position at fair value. The fair value of derivative instruments is determined using forward
interest rate estimates and present value techniques and considers the risk of nonperformance by
the parties, which the Medical Center considers to be low. The change in fair value is recognized
as a component of the (deficiency) excess of revenue over expenses. The fair value of the interest
rate swap agreements is included in other noncurrent liabilities in the accompanying statements
of financial position.

Tax Status

The Medical Center is a Section 501(c)(3) organization exempt from Federal income taxes under
Section 501(a) of the Internal Revenue Code. It also is exempt from New York State and City
income taxes.




                                                                                                12
                                Maimonides Medical Center

                        Notes to Financial Statements (continued)




1. Organization and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (continued)

New Accounting Pronouncements

In August 2010, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (“FASB”) issued Accounting
Standards Update No. (“ASU”) 2010-23, Measuring Charity Care for Disclosure. The guidance
requires that the level of charity care provided be presented based on the direct and indirect costs
of the charity services provided. Separate disclosure of the amount of any cash reimbursements
received for providing charity care must also be disclosed. The new disclosure requirements
became effective for the Medical Center on January 1, 2011 and are included in the
accompanying financial statements for all periods presented.

In September 2011, the FASB issued ASU 2011-09, Disclosures about an Employer’s
Participation in a Multiemployer Plan, that requires employers to provide additional quantitative
and qualitative disclosures about an employer’s involvement in multiemployer pension plans.
The new disclosure requirements are included in the accompanying financial statements (see
Note 6).

In July 2011, the FASB issued ASU 2011-07, Presentation and Disclosure of Patient Service
Revenue, Provision for Bad Debts, and the Allowance for Doubtful Accounts for Certain Health
Care Entities. The new guidance will require the Medical Center to change the presentation of its
statement of operations and changes in net assets by reclassifying the provision for bad debts
associated with patient service revenue (net of contractual allowances and discounts).
Additionally, the Medical Center is required to provide enhanced disclosures about its policies
for recognizing revenue and assessing bad debts, as well as qualitative and quantitative
information about changes in the allowance for doubtful accounts. The new guidance is required
to be adopted by the Medical Center as of January 1, 2012. The adoption of this guidance is not
expected to affect the Medical Center’s financial condition, results of operations or cash flows.

Change in Accounting Principle

In August 2010, the FASB issued ASU 2010-24, Presentation of Insurance Claims and Related
Insurance Recoveries, which provides clarification to companies in the health care industry on
the accounting for and presentation of professional and similar contingent liabilities. Under the
guidance, these liabilities should not be presented net of insurance recoveries and an insurance
recovery receivable should be recognized on the same basis as the liabilities, subject to the need




                                                                                                 13
                                Maimonides Medical Center

                        Notes to Financial Statements (continued)




1. Organization and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (continued)

for a valuation allowance for uncollectible accounts. The guidance became effective for the
Medical Center as of January 1, 2011. The change resulted in an increase to current assets and
liabilities of approximately $28.0 million and $28.2 million as of December 31, 2011 and 2010,
respectively, and an increase to long-term assets and liabilities of approximately $158.7 million
and $159.8 million as of December 31, 2011 and 2010, respectively. As permitted, the Medical
Center’s statement of financial position for 2010 has been restated to reflect this accounting
change, which had no effect on the Medical Center’s net assets or on its statement of operations
and changes in net assets.

Medical Residents FICA Refund

In March 2010, the Internal Revenue Service (“IRS”) announced that, for periods ending before
April 1, 2005, medical residents would be eligible for the student exception of Federal Insurance
Contributions Act (“FICA”) taxes. Under the student exception, FICA taxes do not apply to
wages for services performed by students employed by a school, college, or university where the
student is pursuing a course of study. As a result, the IRS will allow refunds for institutions that
file timely FICA refund claims and provide certain information to meet the requirements of
perfection, established by the IRS, for their claims applicable to periods prior to April 1, 2005.
Institutions are potentially eligible for medical resident FICA refunds for both the employer and
employee portions of FICA taxes paid, plus statutory interest.

In the fourth quarter of 2010, the Medical Center recorded estimated net revenue of
approximately $10.7 million related to FICA medical resident refund claims and accumulated
interest that are expected to meet the IRS requirements to be eligible for refunds. At
December 31, 2010, the Medical Center recorded a receivable of approximately $13.2 million,
included in other current assets (in addition to the $10.7 million of net revenue recognized), and
a liability of approximately $13.2 million, included in other current liabilities, related to the
portion of the refunds to be collected on behalf of and, therefore, to be remitted to the medical
residents. The Medical Center established these estimates based on information presently
available; the estimates are subject to change as the IRS adjudicates the claims.

Reclassifications

Certain reclassifications have been made to amounts previously reported in 2010 to conform
with the current year’s presentation.




                                                                                                 14
                                Maimonides Medical Center

                        Notes to Financial Statements (continued)




1. Organization and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (continued)

Subsequent Events

Generally accepted accounting principles establish standards of accounting and disclosure
requirements for subsequent events, events that occur after the balance sheet date but before the
financial statements are issued. In accordance with these requirements, the Medical Center has
evaluated the impact of subsequent events through April 30, 2012, representing the date on
which the financial statements were issued.

2. Third-Party Payor System

Non-Medicare Reimbursement: In New York State, hospitals and all non-Medicare payers,
except Medicaid, workers’ compensation and no-fault insurance programs, negotiate hospitals’
payment rates. If negotiated rates are not established, payers are billed at hospitals’ established
charges. Medicaid, workers’ compensation and no-fault payers pay hospital rates promulgated by
the New York State Department of Health. Effective December 1, 2009, the New York State
payment methodology was updated such that payments to hospitals for Medicaid, workers’
compensation and no-fault inpatient services are based on a statewide prospective payment
system, with retroactive adjustments; prior to December 1, 2009, the payment system provided
for retroactive adjustments to payment rates, using a prospective payment formula. Outpatient
services also are paid based on a statewide prospective system, APGs (Ambulatory Payment
Group), that was effective December 1, 2008. Medicaid rate methodologies are subject to
approval at the Federal level by the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services (“CMS”),
which may routinely request information about such methodologies prior to approval. Revenue
related to specific rate components that have not been approved by CMS is not recognized until
the Medical Center is reasonably assured that such amounts are realizable. Adjustments to the
current and prior years’ payment rates for those payers will continue to be made in future years.

Medicare Reimbursement: Hospitals are paid for most Medicare inpatient and outpatient services
under the national prospective payment system and other methodologies of the Medicare
program for certain other services. Federal regulations provide for certain adjustments to current
and prior years’ payment rates, based on industry-wide and hospital-specific data.

The Medical Center has established estimates, based on information presently available, of amounts
due to or from Medicare and non-Medicare payers for adjustments to current and prior years’
payment rates, based on industry-wide and Medical Center-specific data. Medicare cost reports,




                                                                                                15
                                  Maimonides Medical Center

                          Notes to Financial Statements (continued)




2. Third-Party Payor System (continued)

which serve as the basis for final settlement with the Medicare program, have been audited by the
Medicare fiscal intermediary and settled through 2004. Other years remain open for audit and
settlement as are numerous issues related to the New York State Medicaid program for prior years.
As a result, there is at least a reasonable possibility that recorded estimates will change by a material
amount when open years are settled and additional information is obtained.

There are various proposals at the Federal and State levels, including health care reform enacted
by the Federal and State governments, that could, among other things, significantly reduce
payment rates or modify payment methods. The ultimate outcome of these proposals and other
market changes cannot presently be determined. Future changes in the Medicare and Medicaid
programs and any reduction of funding could have an adverse impact on the Medical Center.
Additionally, certain payers’ payment rates for various years have been appealed by the Medical
Center. If the appeals are successful, additional income applicable to those years might be
realized.

For the years ended December 31, 2011 and 2010, revenue from the Medicare and Medicaid
programs on a combined basis accounted for approximately 75% of the Medical Center’s net
patient service revenue. In 2010, net patient service revenue includes increased revenue from
Medicaid outliers, which were included in the Medical Center’s Medicaid reimbursement rates
as a result of the Medical Center’s appeal to the New York State Department of Health. The
current Medicaid, Medicare and other third-party payor programs are based upon extremely
complex laws and regulations that are subject to interpretation. The Medical Center is not aware
of any allegations of noncompliance that could have a material adverse effect on the
accompanying financial statements and believes that it is in compliance, in all material respects,
with all applicable laws and regulations. Action for noncompliance could result in repayment of
amounts improperly reimbursed, fines, penalties and exclusion from such programs.




                                                                                                      16
                                   Maimonides Medical Center

                          Notes to Financial Statements (continued)




3. Investments and Assets Limited as to Use

A summary of investments and assets limited as to use is as follows:

                                                                          December 31
                                                                       2011          2010
                                                                         (In Thousands)
   Short-term investments:
     U.S. government obligations                                   $   66,936    $   62,481
     Corporate bonds                                                   25,647        24,769
     Alternative investments                                               12         3,535
     Accrued interest                                                     699           702
   Total short-term investments                                    $   93,294    $   91,487
   Assets limited as to use – current portion:
    Board designated:
       Cash and cash equivalents                                   $    6,156    $    6,759
       U.S. government obligations                                      7,504         7,044
       Accrued interest                                                    97           105
   Total assets limited as to use – current portion                $   13,757    $   13,908
   Assets limited as to use – noncurrent portion:
    Sinking funds:
       Cash and cash equivalents                                   $      381    $      676
       U.S. government obligations                                     12,419        10,195
       Accrued interest                                                    83            73
    Total sinking funds                                                12,883        10,944
    Collateral for standby letter of credit (Note 5):
       Certificate of deposit                                            2,630        2,630
    Self-insurance trust:
       Mutual fund                                                      3,917         3,958
   Total assets limited as to use – noncurrent portion             $   19,430    $   17,532
   Long-term investment funds:
    Alternative investments                                        $     1,102   $    1,384




                                                                                              17
                                Maimonides Medical Center

                       Notes to Financial Statements (continued)




3. Investments and Assets Limited as to Use (continued)

Investment income comprises the following for the years ended:

                                                                        December 31
                                                                     2011         2010
                                                                       (In Thousands)

   Interest income                                               $     2,696   $     2,849
   Net realized gains (losses) on investments reported at fair
     value and equity in earnings of alternative investments           5,659        (2,972)
   Equity in earnings of investees                                     1,480         2,385
                                                                 $     9,835   $     2,262

4. Property, Plant and Equipment

A summary of property, plant and equipment is as follows:

                                                                        December 31
                                                                     2011         2010
                                                                       (In Thousands)

   Land                                                          $     4,980   $     4,980
   Buildings and building improvements                               393,396       371,227
   Equipment                                                         516,789       470,986
                                                                     915,165       847,193
   Less accumulated depreciation and amortization                    576,564       530,466
                                                                     338,601       316,727
   Construction in progress                                            2,353        14,937
                                                                 $   340,954   $   331,664

Substantially all property, plant and equipment are pledged as collateral under various loan
agreements (see Note 5).




                                                                                              18
                                Maimonides Medical Center

                          Notes to Financial Statements (continued)




4. Property, Plant and Equipment (continued)

Capitalized leases, included in property, plant and equipment, are as follows:

                                                                         December 31
                                                                     2011          2010
                                                                        (In Thousands)

   Assets recorded under capital leases                          $   274,574     $   243,278
   Less accumulated amortization                                     198,894         184,217
                                                                 $    75,680     $    59,061

5. Long-Term Debt, Capital Lease Obligations, Other Borrowings and Related Matters

A summary of long-term debt is as follows:

                                                                       December 31
                                                                     2011          2010
                                                                        (In Thousands)
   1996 FHA Section 242 insured mortgage loan (a)                $    10,669     $    11,325
   2004 FHA Section 241 insured mortgage loan (b)                     94,041          96,520
   Construction bank loans (c)                                         2,822           3,986
   Capital lease obligations (d)                                      45,836          55,902
   2006 New York City Capital Resource Corporation
     loan (e)                                                         26,345          27,430
                                                                     179,713         195,163
   Less current portion                                               21,181          21,049
                                                                 $   158,532     $   174,114

   (a) In 1977 and 1983, the Medical Center entered into mortgage loan agreements to expand its
        facilities. Repayment of the loans was insured under the provisions of the Federal Housing
        Administration (“FHA”) Hospital Mortgage Loan Program, with the Dormitory Authority
        of the State of New York (“DASNY”). In April 1996, the Medical Center entered into an
        FHA Section 242 mortgage loan agreement to borrow $32.7 million. Some of the proceeds
        from this agreement ($15.8 million) were used to refinance the 1977 mortgage loan
        agreement. Under the terms of the agreement, for this element of the loan, monthly
        installments approximating $210,000 were applied to principal and interest, at 5.75% per
        annum, through August 2005. This portion of the mortgage was satisfied in 2005.


                                                                                               19
                               Maimonides Medical Center

                       Notes to Financial Statements (continued)




5. Long-Term Debt, Capital Lease Obligations, Other Borrowings and Related Matters
   (continued)

       Other proceeds from the 1996 mortgage loan ($16.8 million) were used to finance the
       expansion and modernization of the Medical Center’s facilities. For this element of the
       loan, monthly payments of approximately $115,000 are applied to principal and interest,
       at 6.55% per annum, through October 2022.

       As a condition of these borrowings, the Medical Center is required to establish and
       maintain a sinking fund. Amounts deposited into the sinking fund, together with
       investment earnings thereon, are available for principal payments and purchases of
       specified levels of capital assets. Assets on deposit in the sinking fund at December 31,
       2011 and 2010 are in compliance with the required amounts.

   (b) In June 2004, the Medical Center entered into an FHA Section 241 loan in the amount of
       $104.7 million. Proceeds of the loan, which were raised by DASNY through the
       issuance of tax-exempt revenue bonds, supported the Medical Center’s major
       modernization project. The loan is insured by FHA. The loan bore interest at 7.5%
       during the construction period (based on amounts drawn) until final endorsement and
       thereafter at a rate of 5.45% with monthly payments commencing April 1, 2007 through
       2032. This project was completed in 2009. Although final endorsement is expected to
       occur in 2012, effective November 2009, DASNY approved the monthly interest rate of
       5.45%.

       Under the terms of the agreements, the Medical Center was required to maintain three
       standby letters of credit. The first letter of credit was cancelled in 2009, based upon the
       approval of DASNY. The second letter of credit has a current availability of $2.6 million
       and has been extended to February 2, 2013. The third letter of credit in the amount of
       $2.2 million expires on February 1, 2016, and is fully collateralized.

       As a condition of this borrowing, the Medical Center is required to establish and
       maintain a sinking fund. Amounts deposited into the sinking fund, together with
       investment earnings thereon, are available for principal payments. Assets on deposit in
       the sinking fund at December 31, 2011 and 2010 are in compliance with the required
       amounts.




                                                                                               20
                                Maimonides Medical Center

                        Notes to Financial Statements (continued)




5. Long-Term Debt, Capital Lease Obligations, Other Borrowings and Related Matters
   (continued)

   (c) The Medical Center entered into a ten-year, $8.0 million construction bank loan in
       February 2004 for the renovation of the property to house a comprehensive cancer
       center. The interest rate is variable and was 1.51% at December 31, 2011 and 2010.
       Monthly payments are due through January 2014.

       During 2005, the Medical Center entered into a second construction loan for ten years in
       the amount of $2.5 million for additional renovations of the cancer center. The interest
       rate for this loan is variable and was 1.52% and 1.61% at December 31, 2011 and 2010,
       respectively. Monthly payments are due through August 2015.

   (d) The Medical Center has various capital lease obligations with interest rates ranging up to
       6.7%.

   (e) On May 25, 2006, the Medical Center entered into a loan agreement in the amount of
       $31.2 million. The proceeds of the loan, which were raised by the New York City Capital
       Resource Corporation through the issuance of tax-exempt revenue bonds, are to be used to
       renovate, improve, repair and equip the Medical Center’s facilities. The loan bears interest at
       a variable rate, which was 1.82% and 2.37% (including letter of credit fees) at December 31,
       2011 and 2010, respectively, with monthly payments through 2026. A portion of the
       proceeds was utilized to repay a line of credit which was used for interim capital financing.
       The loan is secured by a letter of credit of approximately $26.6 million which expires on
       May 25, 2016. The Medical Center is in the process of refinancing this debt which is
       approximately $25.2 million and anticipates it will close the transaction in the second
       quarter of 2012.




                                                                                                   21
                                 Maimonides Medical Center

                         Notes to Financial Statements (continued)




5. Long-Term Debt, Capital Lease Obligations, Other Borrowings and Related Matters
   (continued)

Scheduled principal payments on long-term debt and capital lease obligations are as follows:

                                                        Loans         Capital
                                                       Payable        Leases           Total
                                                                  (In Thousands)

   2012                                            $     5,627     $    16,879     $    22,506
   2013                                                  5,890          12,499          18,389
   2014                                                  5,327           8,579          13,906
   2015                                                  5,459           7,576          13,035
   2016                                                  5,597           2,383           7,980
   Thereafter                                          105,977             702         106,679
   Total minimum payments                              133,877          48,618         182,495
   Less amounts representing interest                        –           2,782           2,782
   Total long-term debt                                133,877          45,836         179,713
   Less current portion of long-term debt                5,627          15,554          21,181
   Long-term debt, net of current portion          $   128,250     $    30,282     $   158,532

Required sinking fund balances for FHA Sections 241 and 242 loan agreements for the next five
years are as follows (in thousands):

   2012                                                                            $    13,612
   2013                                                                                 14,933
   2014                                                                                 16,221
   2015                                                                                 17,468
   2016                                                                                 18,665


As discussed in Note 7, the Medical Center also has a letter of credit from a bank of $1.0 million at
December 31, 2011, for the benefit of one of its captive insurance companies. This letter of credit
expires on November 1, 2012. During the years ended December 31, 2011 and 2010, no drawdowns
were made under this letter of credit agreement. The Medical Center expects to extend this letter of
credit in 2012.




                                                                                                  22
                                 Maimonides Medical Center

                         Notes to Financial Statements (continued)




5. Long-Term Debt, Capital Lease Obligations, Other Borrowings and Related Matters
   (continued)

In addition, the Medical Center maintains two lines of credit with two banks, in the amount of
$20.0 million each. At December 31, 2011 and 2010, approximately $18.4 million and $16.4 million
were outstanding on these two lines of credit, respectively. The drawdowns were for interim
financing of capital expenditures and working capital needs. The average interest rate charged in
2011 was 2.3% on one line (2.3% in 2010) and 2.2% on the other (2.3% in 2010). These lines of
credit expire on June 22, 2012 and July 31, 2012, respectively. The Medical Center intends to renew
these lines of credit in 2012.

In connection with various debt agreements, the Medical Center is required to maintain certain
financial covenants. The Medical Center was not in compliance with the current ratio financial
covenant related to its FHA mortgage loans at December 31, 2011 and 2010. The Medical Center has
notified the U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development of the noncompliance for 2011
and 2010. This noncompliance does not constitute an event of default under the terms of the related
agreements.

Interest Rate Swap Agreements

The Medical Center has three interest rate swap agreements to manage risk associated with changes
in interest rates associated with its long-term debt. Under the terms of the interest rate swaps, the
Medical Center pays fixed rates monthly and receives from the counterparties variable payments
based on percentages of LIBOR. Interest payments and the change in fair value of the swaps (loss of
approximately $1.1 million in 2011 and $0.6 million in 2010) are recorded in the (deficiency) excess
of revenue over expenses.

At December 31, 2011 and 2010, the swaps are reported in other noncurrent liabilities and are
summarized as follows:

                                                           Fixed                   2011
                                                          Payment                Fair Value
      Notional Amount          Maturity Date                Rate              (All Liabilities)

      $    26,345,000         January 1, 2026               4.14%              $ 4,974,997
            1,904,762         January 31, 2014              6.19                    92,080
              916,667         August 15, 2015               5.985                   66,221
                                                                               $ 5,133,298



                                                                                                  23
                                Maimonides Medical Center

                        Notes to Financial Statements (continued)




5. Long-Term Debt, Capital Lease Obligations, Other Borrowings and Related Matters
   (continued)

                                                          Fixed                   2010
                                                         Payment                Fair Value
      Notional Amount          Maturity Date               Rate              (All Liabilities)

      $    27,430,000         January 1, 2026               4.14%             $ 3,779,114
            2,819,047         January 31, 2014              6.19                  183,053
            1,166,667         August 15, 2015               5.985                  92,571
                                                                              $ 4,054,738

6. Pension Plans and Postretirement Health Care Benefits

The Medical Center provides retirement and similar benefits to its union employees through several
defined benefit multiemployer pension plans and to its nonunion employees through a
noncontributory defined benefit pension plan, tax deferred annuity plans, and a nonqualified defined
contribution plan covering certain employees. Payments to the defined benefit multiemployer union
plans are made in accordance with contractual arrangements under which contributions are generally
based on gross salaries and are funded on a current basis. The Medical Center contributes amounts to
the nonunion plan sufficient to meet the minimum funding requirements set forth in the Employee
Retirement Income Security Act of 1974. The Medical Center’s pension expense under all existing
plans aggregated approximately $35.0 million and $31.6 million for the years ended December 31,
2011 and 2010, respectively.

In relation to the two multiemployer defined benefit pension plans that cover the Medical
Center’s union-represented employees, the risks of participating in these multiemployer plans are
different from single-employer plans in the following respects:

   a. Assets contributed to a multiemployer plan by one employer may be used to provide
      benefits to employees of other participating employers.

   b. If a participating employer stops contributing to a plan, the unfunded obligations of the
      plan may be borne by the remaining participating employers.

   c. If the Medical Center chooses to stop participating in some of its multiemployer plans,
      the Medical Center may be required to pay those plans an amount based on the
      underfunded status of the plan, referred to as a withdrawal liability.



                                                                                                 24
                                                Maimonides Medical Center

                                   Notes to Financial Statements (continued)




6. Pension Plans and Postretirement Health Care Benefits (continued)

The Medical Center’s participation in these plans for the years ended December 31, 2011 and
2010 is outlined in the table below. The “EIN Number” column provides the Employer
Identification Number (“EIN”). Unless otherwise noted, the most recent Pension Protection Act
(“PPA”) zone status available in 2011 and 2010 is for a plan’s year-end at December 31, 2011
and 2010, respectively. The zone status is based on information that the Medical Center received
from the plans and is certified by the plans’ actuaries. Among other factors, plans in the red zone
are generally less than 65% funded, plans in the yellow zone are less than 80% funded, and plans
in the green zone are at least 80% funded. The “FIP/RP Status Pending/Implemented” column
indicates plans for which a financial improvement plan (“FIP”) or a rehabilitation plan (“RP”) is
pending or has been implemented. The last column lists the expiration dates of the collective
bargaining agreements to which the plans are subject.

The number of employees covered by the Medical Center’s multiemployer plans did not change
significantly from 2010 to 2011. Contribution rates required to be paid to the plans have
increased from 2010 to 2011.
                                                                                                                                       Expiration
                                                                                                                                        Date of
                                                  Pension Protection        FIP/RP               Contributions by the                  Collective
                              EIN         Plan     Act Zone Status          Pending/               Medical Center          Surcharge   Bargaining
       Pension Fund          Number      Number    2011       2010        Implemented            2011           2010        Imposed    Agreement

The New York State Nurses
 Association Pension Plan   13-6604799    001      Green     Green             No            $   10,172,000 $ 7,445,000       No        1/01/2014
1199 SEIU Health Care                                                  Rehabilitation Plan
 Employees Pension Fund     13-3604862    001      Green      Red       adopted in 2010          10,959,000    9,360,000      No        4/30/2015


The Medical Center was listed in The New York State Nurses Association Pension Plan Form
5500 as providing more than 5% of the total contributions of the plan for plan years ended
December 31, 2011 and 2010.

In addition to the plans described above, the Medical Center sponsors a defined benefit health
care plan that provides postretirement medical, dental and life insurance benefits to certain full-
time employees hired prior to July 1, 1984 and who have worked ten years and attained age 65
while in service with the Medical Center. The plan contains cost-sharing features such as
deductibles and coinsurance.

The Medical Center uses a December 31 measurement date for its pension and postretirement
benefits plans.




                                                                                                                                                    25
                                 Maimonides Medical Center

                        Notes to Financial Statements (continued)




6. Pension Plans and Postretirement Health Care Benefits (continued)

The Medical Center recognizes the funded status (i.e., the difference between the fair value of
plan assets and the projected benefit obligations) of the defined benefit plans in its statements of
financial position. Net unrecognized actuarial losses and the net unrecognized prior service costs
at the reporting date will be subsequently recognized in the future as net periodic benefit cost
pursuant to the Medical Center’s accounting policy for amortizing such amounts. Further,
actuarial gains and losses that arise in subsequent periods and are not recognized as net periodic
benefit cost in the same periods will be recognized as a component of unrestricted net assets.

Included in other changes in unrestricted net assets at December 31, 2011 and 2010 are the
following amounts that have not yet been recognized in net periodic pension and postretirement
cost:
                                                                    Postretirement
                                        Pension Benefits         Health Care Benefits
                                       2011        2010           2011         2010
                                                       (In Thousands)
   Unrecognized prior service
    (cost) credit                  $    (278)     $    (335)      $       198    $       113
   Unrecognized actuarial loss       (41,140)       (29,829)           (3,950)        (4,020)
                                   $ (41,418)     $ (30,164)      $    (3,752)   $    (3,907)

The net prior service cost and actuarial loss included in unrestricted net assets and expected to be
recognized in net periodic pension and postretirement cost during the year ending December 31,
2012 is approximately $3.6 million.




                                                                                                 26
                                   Maimonides Medical Center

                          Notes to Financial Statements (continued)




6. Pension Plans and Postretirement Health Care Benefits (continued)

The following table sets forth the change in benefit obligations, change in plan assets and the
funded status of the plans as of December 31, 2011 and 2010:

                                                                                    Postretirement
                                                         Pension Benefits        Health Care Benefits
                                                       2011         2010          2011         2010
                                                                       (In Thousands)
Change in benefit obligation:
 Benefit obligation, beginning of year             $    98,873 $     84,644 $     12,279 $     10,540
   Service cost                                          5,546        4,862          190          161
   Interest cost                                         4,990        4,671          555          631
   Plan amendments                                           –            –         (158)           –
   Medicare Part D reimbursements                            –            –           20           38
   Actuarial losses                                     14,612        6,052           46        1,381
   Net benefits paid and expected expenses              (3,255)      (1,356)        (597)        (472)
 Benefit obligation, end of year                       120,766       98,873       12,335       12,279
Change in plan assets:
 Fair value of plan assets, beginning of year         64,339     53,243          –          –
   Actual return on plan assets                        6,021      6,452          –          –
   Contributions                                       6,298      6,000        597        472
   Benefits paid and actual expenses                  (3,302)    (1,356)      (597)      (472)
 Fair value of plan assets, end of year               73,356     64,339          –          –
Unfunded status                                    $ (47,410) $ (34,534) $ (12,335) $ (12,279)

The following table provides the amounts recognized in the statements of financial position:

                                                                                Postretirement
                                                     Pension Benefits        Health Care Benefits
                                                   2011         2010          2011         2010
                                                                   (In Thousands)

    Accrued benefit liability – noncurrent      $ (47,410)   $ (34,534)   $ (11,760)    $ (11,813)
    Accrued benefit liability – current                 –            –         (575)         (466)
                                                $ (47,410)   $ (34,534)   $ (12,335)    $ (12,279)




                                                                                                        27
                               Maimonides Medical Center

                       Notes to Financial Statements (continued)




6. Pension Plans and Postretirement Health Care Benefits (continued)

The projected benefit obligation, accumulated benefit obligation and fair value of pension plan
assets are as follows:

                                                                        December 31
                                                                      2011         2010
                                                                        (In Thousands)

   Projected benefit obligation                                   $ 120,766    $   98,873
   Accumulated benefit obligation                                   105,205        85,170
   Fair value of plan assets                                         73,356        64,339

Net periodic pension costs, included in employee benefits expense, consist of the following
components:

                                                                      Postretirement
                                             Pension Benefits      Health Care Benefits
                                            2011        2010        2011         2010
                                                          (In Thousands)

   Service cost                         $    5,546   $   4,862    $     190    $     161
   Interest cost on projected
     benefit obligation                    4,990   4,671                555          631
   Expected return on plan assets         (5,049) (4,192)                 –            –
   Net amortization and deferral           2,433   2,421                 43           93
   Net periodic pension cost            $ 7,920 $ 7,762 $               788    $     885




                                                                                            28
                                 Maimonides Medical Center

                         Notes to Financial Statements (continued)




6. Pension Plans and Postretirement Health Care Benefits (continued)

The following are assumptions used in the measurement of the Medical Center’s benefit
obligations and net periodic benefit cost:

                                                                             Postretirement
                                                    Pension Benefits      Health Care Benefits
                                                   2011       2010         2011         2010
  Weighted-average assumptions used to
   determine benefit obligations as of
   December 31:
     Discount rate                                 4.25%        5.25%      4.25%        5.25%
     Rate of compensation increase (2011)          4.0          2.5        4.0          2.5
     Rate of compensation increase (2012
       and future)                                 4.0          4.5        4.0          4.5

  Weighted-average assumptions used to
   determine net periodic benefit cost for years
   ended December 31:
     Discount rate                                 5.25%        5.75%      5.25%        5.75%
     Expected return on plan assets                8.0          8.0        N/A          N/A
     Rate of compensation increase (2011)          4.0          2.5        4.0          2.5
     Rate of compensation increase (2012
       and future)                                 4.0          4.5        4.0          4.5

The overall long-term rate of return was developed by estimating the expected long-term real
return for each asset class within the portfolio, computing an average weighted real rate of return
for the portfolio as a whole, reflecting both the plan’s expected asset class allocation and the
correlations between the various asset classes and adding that expected real rate of return to the
expected long-term rate of inflation component per year.




                                                                                                 29
                               Maimonides Medical Center

                       Notes to Financial Statements (continued)




6. Pension Plans and Postretirement Health Care Benefits (continued)

                                                                     2011          2010
   Assumed health care cost trend rates at December 31:
    Pre-65 Medical:
      Initial rate for health care costs                             12.9%          7.3%
      Ultimate rate for health care costs                             4.3%          4.7%
      Ultimate year of health care increase                         2083          2082

     Post-65 Medical:
      Initial rate for health care costs                              9.0%          7.3%
      Ultimate rate for health care costs                             4.3%          4.7%
      Ultimate year of health care increase                         2083          2082

     Dental:
      Initial rate for health care costs                             94.0%          5.0%
      Ultimate rate for health care costs                             4.3%          4.7%
      Ultimate year of health care increase                         2083          2082

Assumed health care cost trend rates may have a significant effect on the amounts reported for
the health care plans. A 1% change in assumed health care cost trend rates would have the
following effects at December 31, 2011:

                                                                  1%            1%
                                                                Increase      Decrease
                                                                    (In Thousands)
   Effect on total of service and interest cost components of
     net periodic postretirement health care benefit cost       $     89      $     (75)
   Effect on health care components of the accumulated
     postretirement benefit obligation                              1,501      (1,269)




                                                                                           30
                                Maimonides Medical Center

                        Notes to Financial Statements (continued)




6. Pension Plans and Postretirement Health Care Benefits (continued)

Plan Assets

The Medical Center’s pension plan weighted-average asset allocation at December 31, 2011 and
2010 by asset category is as follows:

                                                             Plan Assets as of December 31
                                                                  2011            2010
   Asset category:
    Equities                                                      46%              52%
    Fixed income                                                  52               47
    Other                                                          2                1
   Total                                                         100%             100%

Refer to Note 13 for fair value measurement information related to the defined benefit plan asset
categories noted in the table above.

Investment Strategy

The overall investment philosophy of the Medical Center is to maximize return while
minimizing risk in a diversified portfolio. The rate of return of the total fund is compared to the
return of a policy portfolio consisting of 50% of Barclays Capital Bond Index, 35% of Russell
3000 Index and 15% of the Morgan Stanley Capital International Europe, Australia and Far East
Index. The target asset allocation permissible ranges by asset category are as follows:

                     Asset Category                               Permissible Range

     Equities – Domestic                                             30% to 40%
     Equities – Non-U.S.                                             12% to 18%
     Fixed income                                                    45% to 55%

Cash Flows

Contributions: The Medical Center expects to contribute $6.0 million to its defined benefit
pension plan in 2012.




                                                                                                31
                                Maimonides Medical Center

                        Notes to Financial Statements (continued)




6. Pension Plans and Postretirement Health Care Benefits (continued)

Expected Future Benefit Payments: The following benefit payments, which reflect expected
future service, as appropriate, are expected to be paid:

                                                                              Postretirement
                                                                   Pension     Health Care
                                                                   Benefits      Benefits
                                                                       (In Thousands)
   Year:
    2012                                                       $       6,700 $          608
    2013                                                               7,288            613
    2014                                                               6,192            644
    2015                                                               6,490            756
    2016                                                               7,341            762
    2017 to 2021                                                      43,056          4,560

Medicare Prescription Drug, Improvement and Modernization Act of 2003

In December 2003, the Medicare Prescription Drug, Improvement and Modernization Act of
2003 became law. It introduced a prescription drug benefit under Medicare (“Medicare Part D”)
as well as a federal subsidy to sponsors of retiree health care benefit plans that provide a benefit
that is at least actuarially equivalent to Medicare Part D. The Medical Center follows guidelines
for companies that sponsor defined benefit postretirement health care plans that provide
prescription drug benefits under Medicare Part D. Those guidelines address situations in which a
company has determined that the benefit provided is at least actuarially equivalent to Medicare
Part D benefits. The Medical Center determined that, as of January 1, 2004, the benefit provided
to retirees is actuarially equivalent to Medicare Part D and should be accounted for as such.
Accordingly, the effect to the accumulated postretirement benefit obligation was a reduction of
approximately (in thousands):

   2012                                                                          $      21
   2013                                                                                 20
   2014                                                                                 21
   2015                                                                                 21
   2016                                                                                 20
   Thereafter                                                                           92




                                                                                                 32
                                 Maimonides Medical Center

                         Notes to Financial Statements (continued)




7. Professional Liabilities

Beginning in 1977, the Medical Center has participated in a pooled professional and general
liability program with certain other health care facilities (principally hospitals) affiliated with the
Federation of Jewish Philanthropies of New York (the “FOJP Program”). This participation has
been with captive and commercial insurance companies utilizing occurrence basis type coverage.
At December 31, 2011, the Medical Center retained ownership in three captive insurance
companies affiliated with the FOJP Program. The captive insurance companies are primarily
accounted for using the equity method.

In 2011, certain member hospitals of the captive insurance companies purchased the interest of
another of its members under an agreement that requires payments to be made over the next three
years. This resulted in a change of ownership percentage for each of the remaining members. As
a result, the Hospital’s equity in the captive insurance companies increased by approximately
$9.7 million and its liabilities increased by $8.5 million. These amounts are included in equity in
captive insurance program, other current assets, other current liabilities and long-term
professional liabilities in the accompanying statement of financial position at December 31,
2011.

The aggregate net carrying value of the Medical Center’s interests in the insurance program was
approximately $52.7 million and $47.3 million at December 31, 2011 and 2010, respectively,
which is included in equity in captive insurance program in the accompanying statements of
financial position.

The Medical Center changed its malpractice insurance program for the period from January 1,
1998 through December 31, 1998. Under the terms of the revised program, a portion of the
Medical Center’s coverage became self-retained. Effective January 1, 1999, this program was
terminated prospectively and the Medical Center no longer maintains a self-retained component.
At December 31, 2011 and 2010, the Medical Center’s statements of financial position reflected
professional liabilities of approximately $4.9 million and $4.5 million, respectively, for the
actuarial present value of the self-retained component of malpractice insurance based on a study
prepared by independent consulting actuaries discounted at 5.0%. In conjunction with this
program, the Medical Center, together with several other hospitals, invested approximately
$6.7 million at December 31, 1998 (Medical Center’s portion) in pooled investment unit trusts.
At December 31, 2011 and 2010, the fair value of these units is approximately $3.9 million and
$4.0 million, respectively.




                                                                                                    33
                                  Maimonides Medical Center

                         Notes to Financial Statements (continued)




7. Professional Liabilities (continued)

Effective January 1, 1999, the Medical Center’s malpractice insurance program reverted to a
coverage agreement similar to the arrangement that existed prior to January 1, 1998. This
program, however, provides for a deferral of premium payments through 2014 for years
subsequent to 2009. At December 31, 2011 and 2010, approximately $35.4 million and
$32.3 million, respectively, represent the estimated present value of future payments. Amounts
due in 2012 are included in other current liabilities and the balance is included in long-term
professional liabilities in the accompanying statements of financial position.

The Medical Center, as part owner of its malpractice captive, guarantees a certain level of
investment return. As a result of market losses in 2011, the Medical Center is required to fund its
share of market losses of $10.4 million. The liability is to be paid over a period of four years
beginning in 2012 and is included in other current liabilities and long-term professional liabilities in
the accompanying 2011 statement of financial position. At December 31, 2011, approximately
$1.1 million of accrued interest remains from prior years market losses and is included in long-term
professional liabilities in the accompanying statements of financial position.

As discussed in Note 1, in 2011, the Medical Center changed the presentation of its statement of
financial position to present on a gross basis its professional liabilities and insurance recoveries
receivable. The estimate of professional liabilities and the estimate for incidents that have been
incurred but not reported is included in estimated insurance claims liabilities in the accompanying
statements of financial position at the actuarially determined present value of approximately
$186.7 million and $188.0 million based on a discount rate of 3.0% at December 31, 2011 and 2010,
respectively. The Medical Center has recorded related estimated insurance claims receivable of
approximately $186.7 million and $188.0 million at December 31, 2011 and 2010, respectively, in
consideration of the expected insurance recoveries. The current portion of estimated insurance claims
liabilities and the related estimated insurance claims receivable represents an estimate of expected
settlements and insurance recoveries over the next 12 months.

At December 31, 2011 and 2010, the Medical Center had an unsecured letter of credit for the
benefit of one of its captive insurance companies from a bank in the amount of $1.0 million.
During the years ended December 31, 2011 and 2010, no drawdowns were made under this letter
of credit agreement.




                                                                                                     34
                                Maimonides Medical Center

                        Notes to Financial Statements (continued)




8. Transactions with Affiliates

Services provided by MMC Holding of Brooklyn, Inc. through its various subsidiaries to the
Medical Center include pharmaceuticals, medical supplies and equipment, technical support
services, contracted services and management reviews for various Medical Center properties.
Expenses incurred by the Medical Center for such services approximated $19.9 million and
$20.2 million during 2011 and 2010, respectively. Additionally, MMC Holding of Brooklyn, Inc.
purchases various goods and services from the Medical Center. Revenue generated from such
activity approximated $516,000 and $616,000 during 2011 and 2010, respectively.

The net amounts due from affiliates in the accompanying statements of financial position include
a revolving loan receivable and accrued interest thereon from MMC Holding of Brooklyn, Inc. of
approximately $2.6 million and $2.5 million at December 31, 2011 and 2010, respectively. The
loan bears interest at 5.75% at December 31, 2011 and 2010 and has no specified repayment
date. Also included in the balances each year are amounts due from and to MMC Holding of
Brooklyn, Inc. and its subsidiaries for services provided by and to the Medical Center, as
previously described.

9. Temporarily and Permanently Restricted Net Assets

Temporarily restricted net assets are available for the following purposes at December 31:

                                                                     2011         2010
                                                                       (In Thousands)

   Research and education                                       $     1,115    $     1,346
   Plant replacement and expansion                                   13,323         13,270
                                                                $    14,438    $    14,616

Permanently restricted net assets at December 31, 2011 and 2010 consist of investments to be
held in perpetuity, the income from which is to be used for health care related services.




                                                                                             35
                                Maimonides Medical Center

                        Notes to Financial Statements (continued)




10. Other Revenue

Other revenue consisted of the following for the years ended December 31:

                                                                      2011         2010
                                                                        (In Thousands)

   Government grant income                                       $     6,762    $     6,935
   Real estate rentals                                                 4,703          4,743
   Investment income                                                   9,835          2,262
   Special funds income                                                9,921         12,957
   Dining room and parking lot income                                  1,458          1,421
   Grants and contributions                                            2,211          1,220
   Settlements                                                         4,275          4,500
   Insurance company surplus distribution                              4,649          6,768
   Other                                                               4,840          3,535
                                                                 $    48,654    $    44,341

On April 23, 2010, the Medical Center received a settlement from Victory Memorial Hospital of
Brooklyn in the amount of $4.5 million. The settlement was for repayment of cash advances and
payment for management support services provided from 2005 to 2007.

As indicated in Note 1, the Medical Center held an investment in a bank/note certificate
receivable investment program which was written down to zero at December 31, 2010. In
May 2011, the Medical Center reached an agreement with the bank related to the valuation of the
investment and received a settlement in the amount of $2.0 million. The Medical Center also
settled a legal matter with a utility company during 2011 in the amount of $2.3 million related to
incorrect charges.

11. Functional Expenses

Functional expenses for the years ended December 31 are as follows:

                                                                      2011         2010
                                                                        (In Thousands)
   Health care and related services                              $   790,413    $   768,639
   Program support and general                                       196,272        200,642
                                                                 $   986,685    $   969,281



                                                                                               36
                                 Maimonides Medical Center

                         Notes to Financial Statements (continued)




12. Concentration of Credit Risk

The Medical Center grants credit without collateral to its patients, most of whom are local
residents and are insured under third-party payor agreements. Net accounts receivable by payor
were as follows:

                                                                           December 31
                                                                        2011         2010
   Medicare and Medicaid                                                42%             40%
   Commercial and managed care                                          53              55
   Self pay                                                              5               5
                                                                       100%            100%

At December 31, 2011 and 2010, substantially all of the Medical Center’s cash and cash equivalents
were held in custodial accounts at four financial institutions. Management believes that credit risk
related to these deposits is minimal.

The Medical Center routinely invests its operating cash in money market funds. These funds
generally invest in highly liquid U.S. government and agency obligations. Investments in money
market funds are not insured or guaranteed by the U.S. government.

13. Fair Value Measurements

For assets and liabilities required to be measured at fair value, the Medical Center measures fair
value based on the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an
orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. Fair value measurements
are applied based on the unit of account from the Medical Center’s perspective. The unit of account
determines what is being measured by reference to the level at which the asset or liability is
aggregated (or disaggregated) for purposes of applying other accounting pronouncements.

The Medical Center follows a valuation hierarchy that prioritizes observable and unobservable inputs
used to measure fair value into three broad levels, which are described below:
   Level 1: Quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets that are accessible at the measurement date
   for identical assets or liabilities. The fair value hierarchy gives the highest priority to Level 1
   inputs.
   Level 2: Observable inputs that are based on inputs not quoted in active markets, but
   corroborated by market data.



                                                                                                   37
                                   Maimonides Medical Center

                        Notes to Financial Statements (continued)




13. Fair Value Measurements (continued)

   Level 3: Unobservable inputs are used when little or no market data is available. The fair value
   hierarchy gives the lowest priority to Level 3 inputs.
A financial instrument’s categorization within the valuation hierarchy is based upon the lowest
level of input that is significant to the fair value measurement. In determining fair value, the
Medical Center utilizes valuation techniques that maximize the use of observable inputs and
minimize the use of unobservable inputs to the extent possible as well as considers counterparty
credit risk in its assessment of fair value. Financial assets and liabilities, including the defined
benefit plan assets, carried at fair value as of December 31, 2011 are classified in the table below
in one of the three categories described above:

                                            Level 1       Level 2      Level 3        Total
                                                             (In Thousands)
   Assets
   Cash and cash equivalents            $  55,725     $         –   $         –   $  55,725
   U.S. government notes and bonds         86,859               –             –      86,859
   Corporate bonds                              –          25,647             –      25,647
   Certificate of deposit                   2,630               –             –       2,630
   Mutual funds                                 –           3,917             –       3,917
   Total assets at fair value           $ 145,214     $    29,564   $         –   $ 174,778

   Defined benefit plan assets
   Cash and cash equivalents            $     1,517   $         –   $         –   $     1,517
   Mutual funds – equity                     33,376             –             –        33,376
   Mutual funds – fixed income               38,463             –             –        38,463
   Total defined benefit plan
    assets at fair value                $    73,356   $         –   $         –   $    73,356

   Liabilities
   Interest rate swap agreements        $         –   $     5,133   $         –   $     5,133




                                                                                                 38
                                   Maimonides Medical Center

                         Notes to Financial Statements (continued)




13. Fair Value Measurements (continued)

Financial assets and liabilities carried at fair value as of December 31, 2010 are classified in the
table below in one of the three categories described above:

                                           Level 1       Level 2       Level 3        Total
                                                            (In Thousands)
   Assets
   Cash and cash equivalents       $        51,431   $         –   $         –    $    51,431
   U.S. government notes and bonds          79,720             –             –         79,720
   Corporate bonds                               –        24,769             –         24,769
   Certificate of deposit                    2,630             –             –          2,630
   Mutual funds                                  –         3,958             –          3,958
   Total assets at fair value      $       133,781   $    28,727   $         –    $   162,508

   Defined benefit plan assets
   Cash and cash equivalents           $       581   $         –   $         –    $       581
   Mutual funds – equity                    33,376             –             –         33,376
   Mutual funds – fixed income              30,382             –             –         30,382
   Total defined benefit plan assets
    at fair value                      $    64,339   $         –   $         –    $    64,339

   Liabilities
   Interest rate swap agreements       $         –   $     4,055   $         –    $     4,055

The following is a description of the Medical Center’s valuation methodologies for assets
measured at fair value. Fair value for Level 1 is based upon quoted market prices. Fair value for
Level 2 is based on quoted prices for similar instruments in active markets, quoted prices for
identical or similar instruments in markets that are not active, and model-based valuation
techniques for which all significant assumptions are observable in the market or can be
corroborated by observable market data for substantially the full term of the assets. Inputs are
obtained from various sources including market participants, dealers and brokers. The methods
described above may produce a fair value that may not be indicative of net realizable value or
reflective of future fair values. Furthermore, while the Medical Center believes its valuation
methods are appropriate and consistent with other market participants, the use of different
methodologies or assumptions to determine the fair value of certain financial instruments could
result in a different estimate of fair value at the reporting date.




                                                                                                 39
                                Maimonides Medical Center

                        Notes to Financial Statements (continued)




13. Fair Value Measurements (continued)

The following table is a rollforward of the statement of financial position amounts for financial
instruments (bank note/certificate receivable) classified by the Medical Center in Level 3 of the
valuation hierarchy defined above for the year ended December 31, 2010 (in thousands):

   Fair value at January 1                                                      $    4,835
   Unrealized gains                                                                    165
   Realized losses                                                                  (5,000)
   Fair value at December 31                                                    $        –

The Medical Center’s long-term debt obligations are reported at carrying value. The fair value of
the Medical Center’s long-term debt obligations is approximately $185.5 million and
$197.9 million at December 31, 2011 and 2010, respectively, based on quoted market prices and
other valuation considerations.

14. Operating Lease Obligations

The Medical Center has entered into various agreements under noncancellable operating leases.
During 2003, the Medical Center entered into an operating lease agreement for a building to
provide a site for the development of a comprehensive cancer center. Rent payments are
recognized as expense on a straight-line basis over the term of the related lease. At December 31,
2011 and 2010, the Medical Center had an asset of approximately $3.3 million and $2.7 million,
respectively, representing rental payments made in excess of rent expense on a straight-line
basis.

Future minimum payments under noncancellable operating leases with initial or recurring terms
of one year or more are as follows (in thousands):

   2012                                                                         $    10,804
   2013                                                                              10,188
   2014                                                                               9,408
   2015                                                                               8,317
   2016                                                                               6,843
   Thereafter                                                                        42,623
   Total minimum operating lease payments                                       $    88,183

Total rental expense charged to operations for the years ended December 31, 2011 and 2010
aggregated approximately $12.8 million and $11.9 million, respectively.


                                                                                               40
                               Maimonides Medical Center

                        Notes to Financial Statements (continued)




15. Commitments and Contingencies

Various investigations, lawsuits and claims arising out of the normal course of operations are
pending or on appeal against the Medical Center. While the ultimate effect of such actions
cannot be determined at this time, it is the opinion of management that the liabilities which may
arise from such actions would not materially affect the Medical Center’s financial position or
results of operations.

Approximately 71% of the Medical Center’s employees are members of various unions. The
Local 1199 union contract expires on April 30, 2015. The New York State Nurses Association
contract expires on January 1, 2014 and the Committee on Interns and Residents contract expires
on October 31, 2013.




                                                                                              41
Ernst & Young LLP
Assurance | Tax | Transactions | Advisory

About Ernst & Young
Ernst & Young is a global leader in assurance,
tax, transaction and advisory services.
Worldwide, our 152,000 people are united by
our shared values and an unwavering commitment to
quality. We make a difference by helping our people, our
clients and our wider communities achieve their potential.

For more information, please visit www.ey.com.

Ernst & Young refers to the global organization
of member firms of Ernst & Young Global Limited,
each of which is a separate legal entity.
Ernst & Young Global Limited, a UK company
limited by guarantee, does not provide services
to clients. This Report has been prepared by
Ernst & Young LLP, a client serving member firm
located in the United States.
                     APPENDIX C

UNAUDITED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF THE MEDICAL CENTER
          AS OF NOVEMBER 30 2012 AND FOR THE
 ELEVEN MONTH PERIODS ENDED NOVEMBER 30, 2012 AND 2011
                               Maimonides Medical Center

                                   Financial Statements

As of November 30, 2012 and for the eleven month periods ended November 30, 2012 and 2011


                                        (Unaudited)




                                        Contents

Statements of Financial Position                                           Page C-1

Statements of Operations and Changes in Net Assets                         Page C-3

Statements of Cash Flows                                                   Page C-4

Notes to Interim Financial Statements                                      Page C-5
                                Maimonides Medical Center
                             Statements of Financial Position
                                                                    (Unaudited)       (Audited)
                                                                   November 30, December 31,
                                                                       2012            2011
                                                                          (In Thousands)
Assets
Current assets:
 Cash and cash equivalents                                     $      46,518      $     49,188
 Short-term investments                                               96,714            93,294
 Total cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments             143,232           142,482

 Assets limited as to use, current portion:
   Board designated                                                    14,389            13,757
   Medical resident FICA refund (Note H)                               10,881                     –
 Receivables for patient care, net of allowance for doubtful
   accounts (Note D)                                                 138,997           131,916
 Due from affiliates, net, current portion                             9,530             7,300
 Supplies, at average cost                                             9,272             8,851
 Estimated insurance claims receivable, current
   portion                                                            28,000            28,000
 Other current assets                                                 32,404            45,866
Total current assets                                                 386,705           378,172

Assets limited as to use, less current portion:
  Sinking funds                                                        14,008           12,883
  Collateral                                                            2,630            2,630
  Self-insurance trust                                                  3,917            3,917
Long-term investment funds                                                    –          1,102
Due from affiliates, net, less current portion                         2,739             2,607
Property, plant and equipment, net                                   345,486           340,954
Equity in captive insurance program                                   60,827            52,707
Estimated insurance claims receivable, less current
  portion                                                            158,668           158,668
Other assets                                                          30,356            16,534

Total assets                                                   $ 1,005,336        $    970,174

See accompanying notes.




                                              C-1
                                                           (Unaudited)       (Audited)
                                                       November 30, December 31,
                                                           2012           2011
                                                              (In Thousands)
Liabilities and net assets
Current liabilities:
 Accounts payable and accrued expenses                 $       64,043    $       54,948
 Construction payable                                           7,690             7,291
 Accrued salaries and related liabilities                      79,064            74,152
 Current portion of long-term debt and capital lease
   obligations (Note F)                                        26,162            21,181
 Line of credit borrowings                                     17,976            18,408
 Estimated insurance claims liabilities, current
   portion                                                    28,000             28,000
 Other current liabilities                                    67,120             65,260
Total current liabilities                                    290,055            269,240

Long-term debt and capital lease obligations, less
  current portion (Note F)                                   183,958            158,532
Accrued pension and postretirement benefits (Note G)          59,734             59,170
Other noncurrent liabilities                                  88,708            104,430
Professional liabilities                                      32,806             41,912
Estimated insurance claims liabilities, less current
  portion                                                    158,668            158,668
Total liabilities                                            813,929            791,952

Commitments and contingencies (Notes D, I and J)

Net assets:
 Unrestricted                                              176,438              162,652
 Temporarily restricted                                     13,837               14,438
 Permanently restricted                                      1,132                1,132
Total net assets                                           191,407              178,222
Total liabilities and net assets                       $ 1,005,336       $      970,174

See accompanying notes.




                                              C-2
                                       Maimonides Medical Center

                      Statements of Operations and Changes in Net Assets

                                                                                         (Unaudited)
                                                                                    Eleven Months Ended
                                                                                        November 30,
                                                                                    2012             2011
                                                                                        (In Thousands)
Operating revenue:
  Net patient service revenue                                                   $     888,163    $     851,179
  Provision for bad debts (Notes C and D)                                              (8,793)        (11,257)
  Net patient service revenue less provision for bad debts                            879,370         839,922
  Other revenue                                                                        32,123          39,664
  Net assets released from restrictions                                                 1,513           1,550
Total operating revenue                                                               913,006         881,136

Operating expenses:
  Salaries and wages                                                                  455,163         430,970
  Employee benefits                                                                   137,558         128,623
  Supplies and other expenses                                                         271,835         266,567
  Depreciation and amortization                                                        43,256          40,933
  Interest and amortization of deferred financing costs                                 8,355           9,723
Total operating expenses                                                              916,167         876,816

(Deficiency) excess of operating revenue over operating expenses before other
  items                                                                                (3,161)          4,320
Change in captive insurance program interest rate shortfall                             5,767          (9,745)
Change in equity in captive insurance program                                           8,120             242
Medical resident FICA refund                                                            2,259               –
Excess (deficiency) of revenue over expenses before net change in
  unrealized gains and losses on investments and change in fair
  value of interest rate swap agreements                                               12,985          (5,183)
Net change in unrealized gains and losses on investments and
  change in fair value of interest rate swap agreements                                   (72)            440
Excess (deficiency) of revenue over expenses                                           12,913          (4,743)

Grants for capital asset acquisitions and net assets released from
  restrictions used for capital asset acquisitions                                        873           7,670
Increase in unrestricted net assets                                                    13,786           2,927

Temporarily restricted net assets:
  Restricted contributions, grants and other receipts                                   1,392           2,093
  Net assets released from restrictions:
    Operating expenses                                                                 (1,513)         (1,550)
    Capital asset acquisitions                                                           (480)           (279)
(Decrease) increase in temporarily restricted net assets                                 (601)            264

Increase in net assets                                                                 13,185           3,191
Net assets at beginning of year                                                       178,222         184,966
Net assets at end of period                                                     $     191,407    $    188,157

See accompanying notes.


                                                           C-3
                                      Maimonides Medical Center
                                        Statements of Cash Flows
                                                                            (Unaudited)
                                                                       Eleven Months Ended
                                                                           November 30,
                                                                        2012           2011
                                                                           (In Thousands)
Operating activities
Increase in net assets                                             $       13,185       $    3,191
Adjustments to reconcile increase in net assets to net cash
  provided by operating activities:
     Depreciation and amortization                                        43,256             40,933
     Amortization and write-off of deferred financing costs                1,206                334
     Net change in unrealized gains and losses on investments
       and change in fair value of interest rate swap agreements              72               (440)
     Restricted contributions, grants and other receipts                  (1,392)            (2,093)
     Changes in operating assets and liabilities:
       Receivables for patient care                                       (7,081)            (9,538)
       Due from affiliates                                                (2,362)            (3,467)
       Other assets                                                       (7,431)           (23,547)
       Accounts payable and accrued expenses and accrued
         salaries and related liabilities                                 14,007             (2,904)
       Other current liabilities                                           1,860              9,989
       Other liabilities                                                 (24,690)            31,511
Net cash provided by operating activities                                 30,630             43,969

Investing activities
(Purchases) redemptions of investments                                    (1,512)             1,162
Acquisitions of property, plant and equipment – net                      (31,235)           (38,254)
(Purchases) redemptions of assets limited as to use                      (11,531)               334
Purchases of sinking funds                                                (1,160)            (1,608)
Net cash used in investing activities                                    (45,438)           (38,366)

Financing activities
Repayments of long-term debt and capital lease obligations               (47,429)           (19,923)
Restricted contributions, grants and other receipts                        1,392              2,093
Line of credit (repayments) drawdown                                        (432)             2,000
Proceeds from financings                                                  58,607             12,429
Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities                       12,138             (3,401)

Net (decrease) increase in cash and cash equivalents                      (2,670)             2,202
Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year                            49,188             43,996
Cash and cash equivalents at end of period                         $      46,518    $        46,198

Supplemental disclosures of cash flow information
Capital lease arrangements                                         $      4,291     $        3,187


See accompanying notes.




                                                        C-4
                                 Maimonides Medical Center

                           Notes to Interim Financial Statements

                                       November 30, 2012


 (Information pertaining to the eleven months ended November 30, 2012 and 2011 is unaudited)


Note A - Basis of Presentation

The accompanying unaudited financial statements have been prepared in accordance with
accounting principles generally accepted in the United States applied on a basis consistent with
that of the 2011 audited financial statements of Maimonides Medical Center (the “Medical
Center”), except for the required adoption of Accounting Standards Update (“ASU”) No. 2011-
07, Presentation and Disclosure of Patient Service Revenue, Provision for Bad Debts, and the
Allowance for Doubtful Accounts for Certain Health Care Entities (“ASU 2011-07”), as
disclosed in Note C. The Medical Center presumes that users of this interim financial
information have read or have access to the Medical Center’s audited financial statements and
that the adequacy of additional disclosures needed for a fair presentation may be determined in
that context. Information contained in the Medical Center’s audited financial statements for the
years ended December 31, 2011 and 2010 is incorporated herein. Footnotes and other disclosures
that would substantially duplicate the disclosures contained in the Medical Center’s most recent
audited financial statements have been omitted. Accordingly, these financial statements do not
include all the information and footnotes required by U.S. generally accepted accounting
principles for complete financial statements. In the opinion of management, all transactions
considered necessary for a fair presentation have been included. Certain material estimates are
updated only annually at year-end, including liabilities related to the defined pension and
postretirement benefits and estimated insurance claims liabilities and related claims receivable.
The effects of these year-end update calculations could be material at December 31, 2012 as
compared to amounts reflected in the accompanying financial statements.

Patient volumes and net operating revenue and results are subject to seasonal variations caused
by a number of factors. Monthly and periodic operating results are not necessarily representative
of operations for a full year for various reasons, including the level of occupancy and other
patient volumes, interest rates, unusual or infrequent items and other seasonal fluctuations. These
same considerations apply to year-to-year comparisons.




                                               C-5
                                 Maimonides Medical Center

                    Notes to Interim Financial Statements (continued)



Note B – Use of Estimates

The preparation of financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally
accepted in the United States requires management to make estimates and assumptions that
affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, such as estimated uncollectibles for accounts
receivable for services to patients, estimated settlements with third-party payors, estimated
insurance claims liabilities and receivables and retirement liabilities, and disclosure of contingent
assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements. Estimates also affect the amounts of
revenues and expenses reported during the period. Actual results could differ from those
estimates (see Note A).

Note C – Change in Accounting Principle

In July 2011, the Financial Accounting Standards Board issued ASU 2011-07. ASU 2011-07
requires that the provision for bad debts related to patient revenue be presented as a deduction
from patient revenue in the statement of operations and changes in net assets rather than as an
operating expense, with enhanced disclosure of the policies for recognizing patient service
revenue and assessing bad debts. The guidance is effective for fiscal years and interim periods
within those years beginning after December 15, 2011. The Medical Center adopted the
provisions of ASU 2011-07 in 2012 and retrospectively applied the presentation requirements in
the accompanying financial statements.

Note D – Net Patient Service Revenue and Accounts Receivable

Net patient service revenue is reported at the estimated net realizable amounts from patients,
third-party payors, and others for services rendered, including estimated retroactive revenue
adjustments due to ongoing and future audits, reviews and investigations. Retroactive
adjustments are considered in the recognition of revenue on an estimated basis in the period the
related services are rendered and such amounts are adjusted in future periods as adjustments
become known or as years are no longer subject to such audits, reviews and investigations.

The Medical Center recognizes accounts receivable and patient service revenue associated with
services provided to patients who have third-party payor (insurance) coverage on the basis of
contractual rates, governmental rates or established charges for the services rendered. For
uninsured patients who are ineligible for any government assistance program, the Medical Center
provides services without charge or at amounts less than its established rates to patients who
meet the criteria of its charity care policy. For patients who were determined by the Medical
Center to have the ability to pay but do not, including those covered by insurance who might be
responsible for copayments and deductibles, the estimated uncollectible amounts are recorded as



                                                C-6
                               Maimonides Medical Center

                   Notes to Interim Financial Statements (continued)



Note D – Net Patient Service Revenue and Accounts Receivable (continued)

the provision for bad debts. In distinguishing charity care from the provision for bad debts, a
number of factors are considered, certain of which require a high degree of judgment.

Patient revenue for the eleven months ended November 30, 2012, net of contractual and charity
care allowances, but before the provision for bad debts, from third-party payors (insured
patients) was approximately $866.7 million and from uninsured patients was approximately
$21.5 million.

Together, charity care and the provision for bad debts represent uncompensated care. The
allowance for doubtful accounts represents the Medical Center’s estimate of the uncollectible
accounts receivable related to uncompensated care. Additions to the allowance for doubtful
accounts result from the provision of uncompensated care. Accounts written off as uncollectible
are deducted from the allowance for doubtful accounts. The allowance for doubtful accounts is
based upon the Medical Center’s assessment of historical and expected net collections, business
and economic conditions, trends in health care coverage and other collection indicators.

For receivables associated with services provided to patients who have third-party coverage, the
Medical Center analyzes amounts due from third-parties and provides an allowance for doubtful
accounts and a provision for bad debts, if necessary (for example, for third-party payors who are
known to be having financial difficulties that make the realization of amounts due unlikely). For
receivables associated with self-pay patients, which includes both patients without insurance and
patients with deductible and copayment balances due after third-party coverage, the Medical
Center records an allowance for doubtful accounts and provision for uncompensated care in the
period of service based on historical experience. The allowance for doubtful accounts for self-
pay patients was approximately 86% of the gross self-pay accounts receivable as of November
30, 2012.

The Medical Center’s allowance for doubtful accounts relating to accounts receivable totaled
approximately $92.5 million at November 30, 2012.




                                              C-7
                                 Maimonides Medical Center

                    Notes to Interim Financial Statements (continued)



Note E – Fair Value Measurements

For assets and liabilities required to be measured at fair value, the Medical Center measures fair
value based on the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an
orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. Fair value
measurements are applied based on the unit of account from the Medical Center’s perspective.
The unit of account determines what is being measured by reference to the level at which the
asset or liability is aggregated (or disaggregated) for purposes of applying other accounting
pronouncements.

The Medical Center follows a valuation hierarchy that prioritizes observable and unobservable
inputs used to measure fair value into three broad levels, which are described below:

   •   Level 1: Quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets that are accessible at the
       measurement date for identical assets or liabilities. The fair value hierarchy gives the
       highest priority to Level 1 inputs.

   •   Level 2: Observable inputs that are based on inputs not quoted in active markets, but
       corroborated by market data.

   •   Level 3: Unobservable inputs are used when little or no market data is available. The fair
       value hierarchy gives the lowest priority to Level 3 inputs.

A financial instrument’s categorization within the valuation hierarchy is based upon the lowest
level of input that is significant to the fair value measurement. In determining fair value, the
Medical Center utilizes valuation techniques that maximize the use of observable inputs and
minimize the use of unobservable inputs to the extent possible as well as considers counterparty
credit risk in its assessment of fair value. Financial assets, excluding the defined benefit plan
assets, and liabilities carried at fair value as of November 30, 2012 are classified in the table
below in one of the three categories described above:




                                                 C-8
                                   Maimonides Medical Center

                    Notes to Interim Financial Statements (continued)



Note E – Fair Value Measurements (continued)

                                            Level 1       Level 2      Level 3         Total
                                                             (In Thousands)
   Assets
   Cash and cash equivalents            $  64,402     $         –    $         –   $  64,402
   U.S. government notes and bonds         90,053               –              –      90,053
   Corporate bonds                              –          27,348              –      27,348
   Certificate of deposit                   2,630               –              –       2,630
   Mutual funds                                 –           3,917              –       3,917
   Total assets at fair value           $ 157,085     $    31,265    $         –   $ 188,350

   Liabilities
   Interest rate swap agreements        $         –   $     5,958    $         –   $     5,958

Financial assets, excluding the defined benefit plan assets, and liabilities carried at fair value as
of December 31, 2011 are classified in the table below in one of the three categories described
above:

                                            Level 1       Level 2      Level 3         Total
                                                             (In Thousands)
   Assets
   Cash and cash equivalents            $  55,725     $         –    $         –   $  55,725
   U.S. government notes and bonds         86,859               –              –      86,859
   Corporate bonds                              –          25,647              –      25,647
   Certificate of deposit                   2,630               –              –       2,630
   Mutual funds                                 –           3,917              –       3,917
   Total assets at fair value           $ 145,214     $    29,564    $         –   $ 174,778

   Liabilities
   Interest rate swap agreements        $         –   $     5,133    $         –   $     5,133

The following is a description of the Medical Center’s valuation methodologies. Fair value for
Level 1 is based upon quoted market prices. Fair value for Level 2 is based on quoted prices for
similar instruments in active markets, quoted prices for identical or similar instruments in
markets that are not active, and model-based valuation techniques for which all significant
assumptions are observable in the market or can be corroborated by observable market data for
substantially the full term of the assets. Inputs are obtained from various sources including
market participants, dealers and brokers. The methods described above may produce a fair value
that may not be indicative of net realizable value or reflective of future fair values. Furthermore,



                                                C-9
                                Maimonides Medical Center

                   Notes to Interim Financial Statements (continued)



Note E – Fair Value Measurements (continued)

while the Medical Center believes its valuation methods are appropriate and consistent with
other market participants, the use of different methodologies or assumptions to determine the fair
value of certain financial instruments could result in a different estimate of fair value at the
reporting date.

The Medical Center’s long-term debt obligations are reported at carrying value. The fair value of
the Medical Center’s long-term debt obligations is approximately $215.2 million and
$185.5 million at November 30, 2012 and December 31, 2011, respectively, based on quoted
market prices and other valuation considerations. These fair values are categorized as Level 2 in
the fair value hierarchy described above.

Note F – Long-Term Debt, Capital Lease Obligations, Other Borrowings and Related
 Matters

A summary of long-term debt is as follows:

                                                              November 30, December 31,
                                                                  2012         2011
                                                                       (In Thousands)

       1996 FHA Section 242 insured mortgage loan                 $    10,029 $          10,669
       2004 FHA Section 241 insured mortgage loan                      91,647            94,041
       Construction bank loans (a)                                     20,674             2,822
       Capital lease obligations (b)                                   61,239            45,836
       2006 New York City Capital Resource Corporation
         loan (a)                                                            –           26,345
       Syndicated bank credit facility (a)                             26,531                –
                                                                      210,120           179,713
       Less current portion                                            26,162            21,181
                                                                  $   183,958 $         158,532

(a) On May 25, 2006, the Medical Center entered into a loan agreement in the amount of
$31.2 million. The proceeds of the loan, which were raised by the New York City Capital Resource
Corporation through the issuance of tax-exempt revenue bonds, were used to renovate, improve,
repair and equip the Medical Center’s facilities. This loan was prepaid and refinanced on June 1,
2012 with a syndicated bank credit facility that bears interest at November 30, 2012 at




                                              C-10
                                 Maimonides Medical Center

                    Notes to Interim Financial Statements (continued)



Note F – Long-Term Debt, Capital Lease Obligations, Other Borrowings and Related
 Matters (continued)

1.91%, with monthly payments through 2019. The syndicated arrangement also includes a
construction loan of $20.0 million that bears interest at November 30, 2012 at 1.91%, with
monthly payments through 2019. In connection with the refinancing, the Medical Center wrote
off deferred financing costs of approximately $883,000, which is included in interest and
amortization of deferred financing costs in the accompanying financial statements. As part of these
financing transactions, the Medical Center restructured its existing lines of credit with two banks
($40.0 million) to one line of credit for $30.0 million; as of November 30, 2012, approximately
$18.0 million was outstanding.

(b) The Medical Center has various capital lease obligations with interest rates ranging up to 6.7%.

Annual maturities on all long-term debt for the years 2013 through 2017 are as follows (in
thousands):
   2013                                                                             $   26,162
   2014                                                                                 22,672
   2015                                                                                 21,866
   2016                                                                                 17,617
   2017                                                                                 14,355


Note G – Pension Plans and Postretirement Health Care Benefits

The Medical Center provides retirement and similar benefits to its union employees through several
defined benefit multiemployer pension plans and to its nonunion employees through a
noncontributory defined benefit pension plan, tax deferred annuity plans, and a nonqualified defined
contribution plan covering certain employees. The Medical Center contributes amounts to the
nonunion plan sufficient to meet the minimum funding requirements set forth in the Employee
Retirement Income Security Act of 1974. The Medical Center’s pension expense under all existing
plans aggregated approximately $34.5 million and $29.6 million for the eleven months ended
November 30, 2012 and 2011, respectively.

In addition to the plans described above, the Medical Center sponsors a defined benefit health
care plan that provides postretirement medical, dental and life insurance benefits to certain full-
time employees hired prior to July 1, 1984 and who have worked ten years and attained age 65
while in service with the Medical Center. The plan contains cost-sharing features such as
deductibles and coinsurance.



                                                C-11
                                 Maimonides Medical Center

                    Notes to Interim Financial Statements (continued)



Note G – Pension Plans and Postretirement Health Care Benefits (continued)

The following table provides an estimate of the components of the net periodic costs for pension
and postretirement benefits for the eleven months ended November 30, 2012 and 2011:
                                              Pension Benefits      Postretirement Health
                                              2012       2011          2012        2011
                                                          (In Thousands)

   Service cost                                $   6,060 $    5,083     $      210 $       174
   Interest cost on projected                      4,691      4,575            469         509
     benefit obligation
   Expected return on plan assets               (5,350)  (4,628)                 –            –
   Net amortization and deferral                  3,587   2,230                121          39
   Net periodic pension cost                   $ 8,988 $ 7,260          $      800 $       722


Note H – Medical Resident FICA Refund

At December 31, 2011, the Medical Center had receivables recorded related to FICA medical
resident refund claims for employer and employee portions of taxes paid. In 2012, the Medical
Center received payment for a portion of the refund claims and recorded cash received of
approximately $10.9 million, included in assets limited as to use, and a liability of approximately
$10.9 million, included in other current liabilities, related to the portion of the refunds collected
on behalf of and, therefore, to be remitted to the medical residents.

Note I – Commitments and Contingencies

The Medical Center is involved in various litigation and claims that are not considered unusual
given the nature, complexity and size of the Medical Center’s business. While the ultimate effect
of such actions cannot be determined at this time, management believes that the ultimate
resolution of these matters will not have a material effect on the accompanying financial
statements or on the Medical Center’s financial position or results of operations.

Note J – Subsequent Events

The Medical Center has evaluated events and transactions subsequent to November 30, 2012
through February 20, 2013, the date the financial statements were issued. No events have
occurred that require disclosure in, or adjustment to, the financial statements.




                                               C-12
    APPENDIX D

CERTAIN DEFINITIONS
[This page intentionally left blank]
                                         APPENDIX D

                                  CERTAIN DEFINITIONS

       The following is a summary, which does not purport to be comprehensive or definitive, of
certain definitions under the Indenture, which is qualified in its entirety by reference to the
Indenture.

       “Acquisition Fund” means the trust fund by that name established pursuant to the
Indenture.

       “Act of Bankruptcy” means the filing of a petition in bankruptcy (or other commencement
of a bankruptcy or similar proceeding) by or against the Issuer, any guarantor of the Issuer or
such other Person, as applicable, under any applicable bankruptcy, insolvency or similar law as
now or hereafter in effect.

        “Authorized Denomination” means $5,000 or any integral multiple of $5,000 in excess
thereof except as otherwise permitted under the Indenture.

       “Authorized Issuer Representative” means the President or Executive Vice President/
Chief Financial Officer of the Issuer, or such other person as shall be designated to the Trustee
by a Certificate of the Issuer (as defined in the Indenture) containing the specimen signature of
such person, which certificate may designate an alternate or alternates.

       “Bond Fund” means the trust fund by that name established pursuant to the Indenture.

       “Bondholder” or “holder” or “registered owner,” when used with respect to any Bond,
means the person or persons in whose name(s) such Bond is registered.

        “Bond Obligation” means, as of any date of calculation, the aggregate principal amount
of all outstanding Bonds.

      “Bond Purchase Agreement” means the Bond Purchase Agreement with respect to the
Bonds between the Issuer and the Underwriter (as defined in the Indenture).

       “Bond Register” and “Bond Registrar” have the respective meanings specified in the
Indenture.

       “Bond Resolution” means the Resolution, adopted by the Governing Body (as defined in
the Indenture) of the Issuer on November 5, 2012, authorizing the issuance of the Bonds and the
execution of this Indenture, the Financing Agreement and any other documents in connection
therewith.

      “Bonds” means the Issuer’s $100,535,000 aggregate principal amount of Maimonides
Medical Center GNMA Collateralized Taxable Revenue Bonds, Series 2013.




                                              D-1
       “Business Day” means a day, other than a Saturday or Sunday, on which (a) banks
located in New York, New York, or in the city in which the Trust Office of the Trustee is
located, are not required or authorized by law or executive order to close for business and (b) the
New York Stock Exchange is not closed.

       “Bylaws” means the Issuer’s Bylaws as amended on March 12, 2012.

        “Certificate of the Issuer,” “Request of the Issuer,” “Requisition of the Issuer” and
“Statement of the Issuer” mean, respectively, a written certificate, request, requisition or
statement signed in the name of the Issuer by an Authorized Issuer Representative. Any such
instrument and supporting opinions or representations, if any, may, but need not, be combined in
a single instrument with any other instrument, opinion or representation, and the two or more so
combined shall be read and construed as a single instrument.

       “Closing Date” means March 21, 2013, the date of issuance and delivery of the Bonds in
exchange for the purchase price thereof.

        “Costs of Issuance” means, with respect to any Bonds, all expenses incurred in
connection with the authorization, sale, issuance and delivery of the Bonds to the extent not paid
from other sources, including, without limitation, the Underwriter’s spread, discount or fees
(including any premium on the resale of the first delivery of the Bonds), Counsel (as defined in
the Indenture) fees and expenses (including Underwriter’s counsel, Issuer’s counsel, Transaction
Counsel (as it relates to the Bonds), Trustee’s counsel, as well as any other specialized Counsel
fees and expenses incurred in connection with the issuance of the Bonds), rating agency fees,
accountant fees related to issuance of the Bonds and printing costs (for the Bonds and
preliminary and final offering materials) and Trustee’s acceptance and first year annual
administration fees, title insurance fees, and recording and filing fees.

       “Costs of Issuance Fund” means the trust fund by that name established pursuant to the
Indenture.

        “Counsel” means an attorney or firm whose members are attorneys duly admitted to
practice law before the highest court of any state of the United States of America and, without
limitation, may include independent legal counsel, Issuer attorney or general counsel for the
Issuer or the Trustee, as appropriate.

       “DASNY” means the Dormitory Authority of the State of New York.

       “Defaulted Interest” means any interest on any Bond which is payable, but is not
punctually paid or duly provided for, on any Interest Payment Date (as defined in the Indenture).

       “Event of Default” means any of the events so specified or defined in the Indenture.

       “FHA” means the Federal Housing Administration, together with its successors and
assigns.

    “FHA Loan Documents” means, collectively, the Mortgage Notes, the Mortgages, the
FHA Regulatory Agreement and all other documents required in connection with the


                                               D-2
modification of the Mortgage Loans by FHA for Mortgage Insurance (as defined in the
Indenture), and any amendments thereto.

        “FHA Loan Modification Documents” means, collectively, all documents required in
connection with the modification of the Mortgage Loans by FHA for Mortgage Insurance for the
subject transaction.

       “FHA Regulations” means the regulations promulgated by FHA regarding insurance
under Section 241 and/or Section 242 of the National Housing Act, as applicable.

        “FHA Regulatory Agreement” means the regulatory agreement entered into between the
Issuer and HUD relating to the Mortgage Loans as it has and may be amended.

       “Financing Agreement” means that certain Financing Agreement of even date with the
Indenture, together with any and all Supplements thereto, among the Issuer, the Trustee and the
Lender.

       “Financing Documents” means this Indenture, the Financing Agreement, the Bond
Purchase Agreement, the GNMA Guaranty Agreement, the FHA Loan Documents and the
GNMA Securities (all as defined in the Indenture).

       “GNMA” means the Government National Mortgage Association, together with its
successors and assigns.

       “GNMA Document or Documents” means any document, or, collectively, documents
which have been or are required by GNMA to be executed by the Issuer, FHA, GNMA and/or
the Lender in connection with the Project.

        “GNMA Guaranty Agreement” means the Schedule of Subscribers and GNMA
Guaranty/Contractual Agreement between GNMA and the Lender, together with all Supplements
thereto.

        “GNMA Security” or “GNMA Securities” means one or more fully modified pass-through
securities in the form of a PLC (as defined in the Indenture) issued by the Lender, registered in
the name of the Trustee or its designee and guaranteed by GNMA as to timely payment of
principal and interest, pursuant to Section 306(g) of the National Housing Act, and the
regulations promulgated thereunder, backed by the Mortgage Loans made by the Lender to
finance the Project in accordance with the Financing Agreement and the FHA Loan Documents,
which Mortgage Loans are insured by the Secretary of HUD acting by and through the FHA.

        “GNMA Securities Delivery Date” means the earlier of (a) the date on which the GNMA
Securities are delivered to the Trustee or (b) April 4, 2013, or such later date as may be permitted
by the provisions of the Indenture.

        “GNMA Securities Issue Date” means the first day of the month in which the GNMA
Securities are issued, but in no event later than April 1, 2013, unless extended pursuant to the
provisions of the Indenture.



                                                D-3
       “Governing Body” of the Issuer means its board members or any body succeeding to the
functions thereof.

       “Government Obligations” means bonds, notes and other evidences of indebtedness of
the United States of America or of any agency or instrumentality thereof backed by the full faith
and credit of the United States of America and guaranteed as to full and timely payment of
principal thereof and interest thereon.

       “HUD” means the United States Department of Housing and Urban Development,
together with any authorized representative thereof or any successor thereto.

       “Indenture” has the meaning set forth in the introductory paragraph thereto.

      “Interest Payment Date” means each March 20 and September 20, commencing
September 20, 2013.

       “Issuer” has the meaning set forth in the introductory paragraph to the Indenture.

       “Lender” means Prudential Huntoon Paige Associates, LLC, together with its successors
and assigns.

       “Lender Commitment” means the financing commitment letter relating to the Mortgage
Loans from the Lender to the Issuer.

        “MBS Submission Schedule” means the Document Delivery Schedule for Ginnie Mae I
Serial Note, Pools issued by GNMA from time to time.

        “Moody’s” means Moody’s Investors Service Inc., and its successors and assigns, to the
extent they are providing a rating on the Bonds.

      “Mortgages” means the mortgages on the Project securing the Mortgage Notes, as
amended.

       “Mortgage Insurance” means the insurance of the Mortgage Loans provided by the FHA,
as evidenced by the endorsed Mortgage Notes.

       “Mortgage Loans” means the two existing mortgage loans with the Issuer in aggregate
principal amounts up to $90,746,371.22 and $9,787,310.39.

       “Mortgage Notes” means the Issuer’s mortgage notes, as each has and may be amended.

       “National Housing Act” means the National Housing Act of 1934, as amended.




                                              D-4
       “Outstanding,” when used with respect to the Bonds, means all Bonds theretofore
authenticated and delivered under this Indenture, except:

              (a)     Bonds theretofore cancelled by the Trustee or theretofore delivered to the
       Trustee for cancellation;

               (b)    Bonds for the payment or redemption of which moneys or obligations
       shall have been theretofore deposited with the Trustee in accordance with Article IX;

              (c)     Bonds in exchange for or in lieu of which other Bonds have been
       authenticated and delivered under this Indenture; and

              (d)     Bonds replaced pursuant to the Indenture.

      “Pass-Through Rate” means the rate of interest on the GNMA Securities, which shall be
3.345% or such other rate as permitted under the Mortgage Notes.

       “Person” means any natural person, firm, association, corporation or public body.

      “PLC” means a project loan certificate (which may bear an “LM” designation) which is a
GNMA Security which shall bear interest at the Pass-Through Rate and shall be in a principal
amount equal to the full principal amount of the Mortgage Loans.

       “Prior Bonds” means the Dormitory Authority of the State of New York Maimonides
Medical Center FHA-Insured Mortgage Hospital Revenue Bonds, Series 1996A and 1996B and
the Dormitory Authority of the State of New York Maimonides Medical Center FHA-Insured
Mortgage Hospital Revenue Bonds, Series 2004.

     “Project” means the construction and renovation of a hospital facility known as the
Maimonides Medical Center.

        “Property” means any and all rights, title and interests in and to any and all assets of
Issuer, whether real or personal, tangible or intangible which secures the Mortgages.

        “Qualified Investments” means any of the following which at the time of investment are
legal investments under the laws of the State of New York for the investment of the Issuer’s
funds:

              (a)     Government Obligations;

              (b)     senior, unsecured obligations issued by the Federal Home Loan Bank;

              (c)    interest-bearing time deposits, reverse repurchase agreements, rate
       guarantee agreements or other similar banking arrangements with a bank or trust
       company having capital and surplus aggregating at least $50 million or with any
       government bond dealer reporting to, trading with and recognized as a primary dealer by
       the Federal Reserve Bank of New York having capital aggregating at least $50 million or
       with any corporation which is subject to registration with the Board of Governors of the



                                              D-5
       Federal Reserve System pursuant to the requirements of the Bank Holding Company Act
       of 1956 and whose unsecured or uncollateralized long-term debt obligations are assigned
       a rating by the Rating Agencies (as defined in the Indenture) of at least the long-term
       sovereign credit rating of the United States of America; provided that each such
       interest-bearing deposit, repurchase agreement, guarantee agreement or other similar
       banking arrangement shall (a) be approved in writing by the Rating Agencies and
       (b) permit the moneys so placed to be available for use at the time provided with respect
       to the investment or reinvestment of such moneys; and

               (d)     no-load, open-end money market mutual funds (including those of the
       Trustee and its affiliates) registered under the Investment Company Act of 1940,
       provided the portfolio of such fund is limited to Government Obligations and such fund
       has been assigned a rating by the Rating Agencies of at least the long-term sovereign
       credit rating of the United States of America.

        Qualified Investments shall not include the following: (i) any investments with a final
maturity or any agreements with a term greater than 365 days from the date of the investments
(except (A) obligations that provide for the mandatory tender, at par, by the holder thereof at
least once within 365 days of the date of purchase, (B) any investments listed in subparagraph
(b) above that are irrevocably deposited with the Trustee for payment of Bonds pursuant to the
Indenture, and (C) agreements listed in subparagraphs (c) and (d) above), (ii) any obligation with
a purchase price greater than the par value of such obligation, (iii) mortgage-backed securities,
real estate mortgage investment conduits or collateralized mortgage obligations, (iv)
interest-only or principal-only stripped securities, (v) obligations bearing interest at inverse
floating rates, or (vi) investments which may be prepaid or called at a price less than its purchase
price prior to stated maturity.

       “Rating Agencies” means Standard & Poor’s Rating Services, a division of The
McGraw-Hill Companies, Inc., and Moody’s Investors Service Inc., and their successors and
assigns, to the extent they are providing a rating on the Bonds.

       “Regular Record Date” means, with respect to an Interest Payment Date, the close of
business on March 5 or September 5, as the case may be, next preceding such Interest Payment
Date, whether or not a Business Day.

       “Responsible Officer” of the Trustee shall mean and include any Vice President,
Assistant Vice President, Trust Officer or other officer of the Trustee having regular
responsibility for corporate trust matters related to this Indenture.

       “Retirement Date” means the date on which the last Bond is retired.

       “Revenues” means, the revenues, receipts, interest, income, investment earnings and
other moneys received or to be received by the Issuer or the Trustee under the Financing
Documents (subject to the limitations contained in the Financing Documents and the FHA Loan
Documents), including moneys received or to be received from the GNMA Securities and all
investment earnings derived or to be derived on any moneys or investments held by the Trustee




                                                D-6
under the Indenture, but excluding amounts paid as fees or reimbursement for expenses or for
indemnification of the Trustee.

       “S&P” means Standard & Poor’s Rating Services, a division of The McGraw-Hill
Companies, Inc., and its successors and assigns, to the extent they are providing a rating on the
Bonds.

        “Seasoned Funds” means (a) any moneys received as a payment under a GNMA Security
(including moneys representing the payment of premium on the Mortgage Notes) (b) moneys
with respect to which there has been delivered to the Trustee an opinion of nationally recognized
bankruptcy Counsel in a form acceptable to the Rating Agencies to the effect that payment of
such moneys to the Bondholders in payment of principal of, premium, if any, or interest on the
Bonds will not constitute a preferential payment recoverable under Section 547 of the United
States Bankruptcy Code and will not be subject to, or will promptly be released from, the
automatic stay or transfer provisions provided for in Sections 362(a) and 550(a), respectively, of
the United States Bankruptcy Code in the event of the bankruptcy of the Person providing such
funds, (c) moneys deposited on behalf of the Issuer by a Person other than the Issuer with the
Trustee and so designated by the Issuer, which moneys shall have been held by the Trustee for at
least 366 days prior to the date such moneys are to be used to make payments on the Bonds,
provided that no Act of Bankruptcy shall have occurred with respect to such Person during such
366-day period after such moneys were deposited with the Trustee (as evidenced by a certificate
of such Person to the effect that no Act of Bankruptcy has occurred during such period), (d)
proceeds from any letter of credit, (e) proceeds from the sale of bonds (including any premium
thereon) or (f) earnings on any amounts listed in (a) through (e) above.

      “Section 241 Mortgage Loan” means bonds issued in 2004 by DASNY to finance a
mortgage loan to the Issuer for FHA Project No. 012-10030 in the amount of $104,704,000,
which mortgage loan is secured by a FHA-insured Section 241 mortgage.

      “Section 242 Mortgage Loan” means bonds issued in 1996 by DASNY to finance a
mortgage loan to the Issuer for FHA Project No. 012-13058 in the amount of $32,676,000, which
mortgage loan is secured by a FHA-insured Section 242 mortgage.

       “Special Record Date” (a) in the case of Defaulted Interest, has the meaning specified in
the Indenture, and (b) in the case of each redemption, such record date as shall be specified by
the Trustee in the notice of redemption required by the Indenture, provided that such record date
shall be not less than 15 calendar days before the mailing of such notice of redemption.
However, the Trustee may specify a record date that is less than 15 calendar days before the
mailing of such notice of redemption if the circumstances do not permit the Trustee to specify a
record date in accordance with clause (b) of the preceding sentence.

       “State” means the State of New York.

       “Supplements” means all extensions, renewals, modifications, amendments, supplements
and substitutions.




                                               D-7
       “Transaction Counsel” means Eichner Norris & Neumann PLLC, Washington, D.C., or
any other firm of attorneys selected by the Issuer, duly admitted to practice law before the
highest court of any state of the United States of America.

       “Trustee” has the meaning set forth in the introductory paragraph to the Indenture.

       “Trustee Fee” means the annual fees and expenses of the Trustee with respect to the
Bonds, payable annually, in advance, on the Closing Date and each September 20 thereafter
commencing September 20, 2013, in an amount equal to $3,500, provided, however, in the event
of any unscheduled prepayment of the GNMA Securities, such fee shall be proportionally
reduced with the difference being immediately due and payable by the Trustee to the Issuer.

       “Trust Estate” means the property rights, money, securities and other amounts pledged
and assigned to the Trustee pursuant to the granting clauses of the Indenture.

        “Trust Office” means the appropriate trust office of the Trustee located at the address set
forth in the Indenture, or such other offices as may be specified in writing to the Issuer by the
Trustee.

       “Underwriter” means Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith Incorporated.




                                               D-8
                  APPENDIX E

SUMMARY OF CERTAIN PROVISIONS OF THE INDENTURE
[This page intentionally left blank]
                                              APPENDIX E

                 SUMMARY OF CERTAIN PROVISIONS OF THE INDENTURE

        The following is a summary, which does not purport to be comprehensive or definitive, of certain
provisions of the Indenture, which is qualified in its entirety by reference to the Indenture.

Security for the Bonds

        Under the Indenture, as security for payment of the principal of, premium, if any, and interest on
the Bonds and for funds advanced by the Trustee pursuant thereto, the Issuer bargains, sells, conveys,
pledges and assigns to, and grants a security interest to the Trustee in, the following described property:

                (a)     All right, title and interest of the Issuer in and to all Revenues (as defined in the
        Indenture), derived or to be derived by the Issuer or the Trustee for the account of the Issuer
        under the terms of the Indenture and the Financing Agreement, together with all other Revenues
        received by the Trustee for the account of the Issuer arising out of or on account of the Trust
        Estate;

                (b)     All right, title and interest of the Issuer in and to the GNMA Securities, including
        all payments and proceeds with respect thereto and any interest, profits or other income derived
        from the investment thereof; and

                 (c)     All funds, moneys and securities and any and all other rights and interests in
        property whether tangible or intangible from time to time by delivery or by writing of any kind
        conveyed, mortgaged, pledged, assigned or transferred as and for additional security under the
        Indenture for the Bonds by the Issuer or by anyone on its behalf or with its written consent to the
        Trustee, which is authorized under the Indenture to receive any and all such property at any and
        all times and to hold and apply the same subject to the terms of the Indenture.

Establishment of Funds

        The following funds and accounts shall be established and maintained by the Trustee under the
Indenture for the benefit of the Bonds:

                (a)      Acquisition Fund;

                (b)      Bond Fund; and

                (c)      Costs of Issuance Fund.

         The funds and accounts created under the Indenture shall be held in trust in the custody of the
Trustee. The Issuer authorizes and directs the Trustee to withdraw moneys from said funds and accounts
for the purposes specified in the Indenture, which authorization and direction the Trustee thereby accepts.
All moneys required to be deposited with or paid to the Trustee under any provision of the Indenture shall
be held by the Trustee in trust and shall, while held by the Trustee, constitute a part of the Trust Estate
and be subject to the lien thereof.




                                                    E-1
Acquisition Fund

               (a)     The Trustee shall deposit into the Acquisition Fund the amounts required by the
       Indenture and any amounts paid to the Trustee for deposit into the Acquisition Fund in
       accordance with the Indenture and shall invest such proceeds in Qualified Investments at the
       specific written direction of the Issuer. The Trustee shall request funds invested in Qualified
       Investments in accordance with the terms thereof such that funds will be timely available in
       advance of the date such funds are needed under the Indenture.

               (b)     Subject to the requirements of the Financing Agreement, moneys in the
       Acquisition Fund shall be disbursed by the Trustee to acquire GNMA Securities from the Lender.
       Immediately upon delivery of the GNMA Securities to the Trustee, the Trustee shall remit to the
       Lender as payment for the GNMA Securities, an amount equal to the current balance on the
       GNMA Securities, plus accrued and unpaid interest thereon at the Pass Through Rate. Accrued
       and unpaid interest on the GNMA Securities shall be paid from the Bond Fund.

               (c)      If the GNMA Securities are not delivered to the Trustee on or before the GNMA
       Securities Delivery Date (or such later date as may be established as described in paragraph (d)
       below), the Trustee shall, on the Business Day immediately after the GNMA Securities Delivery
       Date (or such later date as may be established as described in paragraph (d) below), transfer to the
       Bond Fund amounts on deposit in the Acquisition Fund for application to the mandatory
       redemption of Bonds in accordance with the Indenture.

                (d)     The GNMA Securities Delivery Date shall be extended and such corresponding
       transfer and redemption described in (c) above shall be delayed one or more times, provided that
       the Trustee shall have received no later than the Business Day next preceding the foregoing date,
       respectively (or any date to which such date has been extended pursuant to the provisions of the
       Indenture), a request from either the Lender or the Issuer for such delay (whether or not a
       conflicting request is received from such other party) accompanied by (i) a cash flow projection
       demonstrating that the sum of (A) the amount in the Acquisition Fund and the Bond Fund, (B) the
       investment earnings to accrue on the amounts held in the Acquisition Fund and the Bond Fund
       during the period ending 30 days after the end of any period of delay requested, (C) any
       additional sums paid to or held by the Trustee by or on behalf of the Issuer or the Lender for
       deposit into the Acquisition Fund or Bond Fund (which are in the form of Seasoned Funds) and
       (D) all scheduled payments on the GNMA Securities assuming its issuance on the last day of such
       extension, will be at least equal to (1) the debt service on the Bonds as originally scheduled plus
       originally scheduled and accrued Trustee Fees and (2) will also be at least equal to, without
       regard to scheduled payments on the GNMA Securities, the debt service on the Bonds through the
       date which is 15 days after the end of any such extension period, plus originally scheduled and
       accrued unpaid Trustee fees (assuming redemption of all Bonds on the date set forth in this clause
       (2)) and any other amounts which were shown to be available at such time for debt service on the
       Bonds in the original cash flows prepared in connection with the issuance of the Bonds; (ii)
       instructions satisfactory to the Trustee for the making of the investments contemplated by the
       cash flow projection; and (iii) written notice from the Rating Agencies that the rating then
       assigned to the Bonds will not be lowered, suspended or withdrawn as a result of such extensions.
       Upon the receipt of the documents and upon the arrangements listed in this subsection, the
       Trustee shall permit the extension(s); provided, however, that if such documents have not been
       received and such arrangements have not been made by the Business Day next preceding the
       GNMA Securities Delivery Date (or any date to which such date has previously been extended),
       then the moneys remaining on deposit in the Acquisition Fund on such date shall be transferred to
       the Bond Fund on the Business Day next preceding the foregoing date, and applied to the



                                                   E-2
      redemption of Bonds on such dates (except as such dates may be extended pursuant to the
      provisions of the Indenture).

              The Trustee shall provide the Lender with the Trustee’s written consent to the extension
      upon its receipt of the items described in this section in (i) through (iii) above.

               On the GNMA Securities Delivery Date, amounts remaining in the Acquisition Fund
      after purchase of the GNMA Securities shall be transferred to the Bond Fund.

              (e)      The Trustee shall not be required to acquire a GNMA Security unless the GNMA
      Security pays interest at the Pass Through Rate and matures on March 15, 2032. All GNMA
      Securities shall be registered in the name of the Trustee or its designee.

              (f)    If the GNMA Securities are not delivered by the GNMA Securities Delivery
      Date, as such date may be extended pursuant to the Indenture, the Trustee shall transfer the
      proceeds remaining in the Acquisition Fund to the Bond Fund pursuant to the Indenture to
      redeem Bonds in accordance therewith.

              (g)     The Trustee shall compare each GNMA Security or its book-entry form with the
      GNMA prospectus relating to the GNMA Securities and GNMA Guaranty Agreement provided
      by the Lender to assure delivery of correct GNMA Securities.

Bond Fund

              (a)      The Trustee shall deposit, upon receipt, into the Bond Fund (i) the amounts
      required by the Indenture; (ii) all income, revenues, proceeds and other amounts received from or
      in connection with the GNMA Securities; (iii) all earnings and gains from the investment of
      moneys held in the Bond Fund and the Acquisition Fund; and (iv) any other amounts received by
      the Trustee which are subject to the lien and pledge of the Indenture.

               (b)       The Trustee shall apply moneys on deposit in the Bond Fund to pay accrued
      interest, if any, upon its acquisition of the GNMA Securities.

              (c)      The Trustee shall apply all other amounts on deposit in the Bond Fund after
      application of (b) above on each Interest Payment Date (or any other date on which Bonds are to
      be redeemed) to first pay the principal of and premium, if any, and interest on the Bonds
      becoming due and payable in accordance with the Indenture.

              (d)     The Trustee shall pay the Trustee Fee, when due.

               (e)   Following each scheduled redemption under the Indenture, the Trustee shall
      transfer any amounts remaining in the Bond Fund in excess of $750,000 (or such other amount
      permitted by the Rating Agencies and as notified in writing to the Trustee) to the Issuer or its
      designee.

               (f)     The GNMA Securities shall be held at all times for the benefit of the Bond Fund.
      If the Trustee does not receive a payment on any of the GNMA Securities when due by the close
      of business on the sixteenth day of any month, the Trustee shall promptly notify and demand
      payment from the Lender. If the Lender shall not make such payment by the next Business Day,
      the Trustee shall promptly notify and demand payment from GNMA.




                                                E-3
               (g)     The Trustee shall deposit into the Bond Fund Seasoned Funds representing
        payments made to the Trustee by the Issuer for deposit therein as specified by the Issuer. Such
        Seasoned Funds shall be applied only to pay principal of and premium, if any, and interest on the
        Bonds as the same shall become due and payable in accordance with the Indenture.

                 (h)      If any GNMA Securities are in book-entry form, the GNMA Securities must be
        registered in the name of the Trustee at the Federal Reserve Bank at the time of purchase of the
        GNMA Securities by the Trustee, and the Trustee shall have a first lien position perfected
        security interest in the GNMA Securities.

               (i)     The Trustee shall not transfer any moneys from the Bond Fund except in
        accordance with the provisions of the Indenture.

Costs of Issuance Fund

        The Trustee shall deposit in the Costs of Issuance Fund the amount set forth in the Indenture and
shall pay costs of issuance and defeasance of the Prior Bonds promptly upon the written direction of the
Issuer. Any amounts remaining in the Costs of Issuance Fund 90 days after the Closing Date, and not
specifically committed to the payment of costs of issuance and defeasance of the Prior Bonds, shall be
released to the Issuer.

Investment of Funds

        The Trustee shall invest all moneys in the Acquisition Fund and the Bond Fund in Qualified
Investments at the direction of the Issuer. Subject to the provisions of the foregoing sentence, any
moneys held as part of any fund created by the Indenture shall be invested or reinvested from time to time
by the Trustee upon receipt by the Trustee of the written direction of the Issuer in Qualified Investments
having a maturity not exceeding the date on which such funds may be needed under the Indenture. In no
event shall a maturity be longer than the longest maturity of the Bonds. The investments so made shall be
held by the Trustee and shall be deemed at all times to be a part of the fund (which shall mean the
applicable subaccount to the extent applicable) in which such moneys were held. The Trustee shall sell
and reduce to cash a sufficient amount of such investments whenever the cash balance in any fund shall
be insufficient to cover a proper disbursement therefrom. For the purpose of determining the amount in
any fund, Qualified Investments credited to such fund or account shall be valued at their cost (exclusive
of accrued interest after the first payment of interest following acquisition) or market value, whichever is
less. The Issuer shall invest at the highest yields prudently available consistent with the Indenture.

          The Trustee will furnish the Issuer with periodic cash transaction statements which include details
for all investment transactions made by the Trustee under the Indenture.

        All investment earnings shall be deposited as provided in the Indenture.

No Disposition of GNMA Securities

        The Trustee hereby agrees that any GNMA Securities delivered to the Trustee under the
Indenture shall at all times be held by the Trustee for the sole benefit of the holders of the Bonds. There
shall be no disposition of GNMA Securities for an amount less than an amount sufficient, together with
other amounts then held under the Indenture and available for the payment of the principal of, premium, if
any, and interest on the Bonds, to provide for the payment of the Bonds in accordance with the Indenture
without the consent of the holders of 100% of the Bonds.




                                                    E-4
Events of Default

        Each of the following shall be an “Event of Default” under the Indenture:

        (a)     default in the due and punctual payment of any interest on any Bond;

        (b)     default in the due and punctual payment of the principal of or premium, if any, on any
Bond whether at the stated maturity thereof, or on proceedings for redemption thereof, or on the maturity
thereof by declaration;

         (c)     default in the performance or observance of any other of the covenants, agreements or
conditions on the part of the Issuer in the Indenture or in the Bonds and such default continues for a
period of thirty (30) days; provided however, if such default cannot be cured within such thirty (30)
period, the same shall not constitute an “Event of Default” so long as the Issuer has commenced prompt
corrective action and is diligently pursing such action (subject to the Indenture).

        The Issuer’s failure to pay obligations owing to the Lender under the Mortgage Loans or to
otherwise comply with the terms of the FHA Loan Documents shall not constitute an Event of Default
under the Indenture.

        The Trustee shall give written notice to the Rating Agencies of the occurrence of any Event of
Default described in subsection (a) or (b) above, within 15 days after a Responsible Officer of the Trustee
has actual notice or knowledge thereof.

Acceleration

        If an Event of Default described in subsection (a) or (b) above has occurred and is continuing
with respect to a Bond, the Trustee may, and upon the written request of the holders of a majority of the
Bond Obligation the Trustee shall, by notice in writing delivered to the Issuer, declare the principal of all
Bonds then outstanding and the interest accrued thereon immediately due and payable without premium,
and such principal and interest shall thereupon become and be immediately due and payable.

        The foregoing provisions of the Indenture, however, are subject to the condition that if at any
time after the principal of the Bonds shall have been so declared due and payable, and before any
judgment or decree for the payment of the money due shall have been obtained or entered as provided in
the Indenture, there shall be paid or deposited with the Trustee a sum sufficient to pay all principal of the
Bonds matured (or due upon mandatory redemption) prior to such declaration and all matured
installments of interest (if any) upon all the Bonds, with interest at the rate borne by the Bonds on such
overdue principal and premium, if any, and (to the extent legally enforceable) on such overdue
installments of interest (other than in the payment of principal of and interest on the Bonds due and
payable solely by reason of such declaration), and the reasonable fees and expenses of the Trustee shall
have been made good or cured or adequate provisions shall have been made therefor, then, and in every
case, the holders of at least a majority of the Bond Obligation, by written notice to the Trustee and the
Issuer, may direct the Trustee on behalf of the holders of all the Bonds to rescind and annul such
declaration and its consequences, but no such rescission and annulment shall extend to or shall affect any
subsequent default, nor shall it impair or exhaust any right or power consequent thereon. Nothing in the
Indenture shall be construed to obligate the Issuer to make a payment or deposit referred to in the
Indenture from any revenues other than the revenues derived from the Trust Estate.

         Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Indenture, no acceleration of the Bonds shall
result in an acceleration or prepayment of the Mortgage Loans and/or the GNMA Security.



                                                    E-5
Remedies

         Upon the occurrence of an Event of Default, the Trustee shall have the power to proceed with any
right or remedy granted by the Constitution and laws of the State, as it may deem best, including, without
limitation, any suit, action or special proceeding in equity or at law for the specific performance of any
covenant or agreement contained in the Indenture or under the GNMA Securities or for the enforcement
of any proper legal or equitable remedy as the Trustee shall deem most effectual to protect the rights
aforesaid, insofar as such may be authorized by law, and specifically including the right to bring action on
behalf of Bondholders against third parties.

         No remedy by the terms of the Indenture conferred upon or reserved to the Trustee or to the
Bondholder is intended to be exclusive of any other remedy, but each and every such remedy shall be
cumulative and shall be in addition to any other remedy given to the Trustee or to the Bondholders under
the Indenture or now or hereafter existing at law or in equity or by statute. No delay or omission to
exercise any right or power accruing upon any default or Event of Default shall impair any such right or
power or shall be construed to be a waiver of any such default or Event of Default or acquiescence
therein, and every such right and power may be exercised from time to time and as often as may be
deemed expedient. No waiver of any default or Event of Default under the Indenture, whether by the
Trustee or by the Bondholders, shall extend to or shall affect any subsequent default or Event of Default
or shall impair any rights or remedies consequent thereto.

Rights of Bondholders

         If any Event of Default shall have occurred and, except as provided in the Indenture, if requested
in writing so to do by the holders of not less than a majority of the Bond Obligation, and if indemnified as
provided in the Indenture, the Trustee shall be obligated to exercise such one or more of the rights and
powers conferred by the Indenture and to proceed to protect its rights and the rights of the Bondholders
under applicable law, the GNMA Securities, the GNMA Guaranty Agreement, the Financing Agreement
and the Indenture, as the Trustee, being advised by Counsel, shall deem most expedient in the interest of
the Bondholders. Anything in the Indenture to the contrary notwithstanding, but subject to the provisions
of the Indenture, the holders of a majority of such Bond Obligation shall have the right at any time, by an
instrument in writing executed and delivered to the Trustee, to direct the time, method and place of
conducting all proceedings to be taken in connection with the enforcement of the terms and conditions of
the Indenture, or for the appointment of a receiver or any other proceedings under the Indenture, in
accordance with the provisions of law, the Indenture and the GNMA Securities.

Supplemental Indentures Not Requiring Consent of Bondholders

        The Issuer and the Trustee may, without the consent of or notice to any of the Bondholders, enter
into an indenture or indentures supplemental to the Indenture as shall not be inconsistent with the terms
and provisions thereof or materially adverse to the interests of the holders of the Bonds, including,
without limitation, for any one or more of the following purposes:

                (a)     to cure any ambiguity or to cure or correct any defect or inconsistent provisions
        contained in the Indenture or to make such provisions in regard to matters or questions arising
        under the Indenture as may be necessary or desirable and not contrary to or inconsistent with the
        Indenture or materially adverse to the Bondholders;

               (b)   to change or modify any provision of the Indenture so as to harmonize to the
        maximum extent practicable the provisions thereof with existing rules, regulations and procedures
        of FHA;



                                                    E-6
                 (c)     to add to the covenants and agreements of the Issuer in the Indenture other
        covenants and agreements, to surrender any right or power reserved or conferred upon the Issuer
        or amend or supplement any other provision thereof if the foregoing shall not, in the judgment of
        the Trustee, materially adversely affect the interests of the Bondholders, the Trustee being
        authorized to conclusively rely on an opinion of Counsel (including Counsel to the Issuer) with
        respect thereto;

                (d)    to confirm, as further assurance, any pledge of or lien on the Financing
        Agreement or the Revenues or of any other moneys, securities or funds subject to the lien of the
        Indenture;

                (e)     to modify any of the provisions of the Indenture relating to the use of a book-
        entry system for registration of the Bonds;

                 (f)     to subject to the lien and pledge of the Indenture additional revenues, properties
        or collateral;

                (g)      to grant to or confer upon the Trustee for the benefit of the Bondholders any
        additional rights, remedies, powers or authority that may lawfully be granted to or conferred upon
        the Bondholders or the Trustee or any of them; or

                 (h)    to modify, amend or supplement the Indenture or any indenture supplemental
        thereto in such manner as to permit the qualification thereof and under the Trust Indenture Act of
        1939 or any similar federal statute hereafter in effect or under any state securities laws.

Supplemental Indentures Requiring Consent of Bondholders

         With the consent of the holders of not less than a majority of the Bond Obligation, the Issuer and
the Trustee may, from time to time, enter into supplemental indentures for the purpose of modifying,
altering, amending, adding to or rescinding any of the terms or provisions contained in the Indenture or in
any supplemental indenture; provided, however, that nothing contained in this paragraph shall permit, or
be construed as permitting, (a) an extension of the stated maturity of or a reduction in the principal
amount of or reduction in the interest rate on, or an extension of time of payment of interest on, or
reduction of any premium payable on the redemption of, any Bonds, without the consent of the registered
owner of such Bonds; (b) the creation of any lien on all or any portion of the Trust Estate prior to or on a
parity with the lien of the Indenture, without the consent of the holders of all of the Bonds; (c) a reduction
in the amount of Bond Obligation, the holders of which are required to approve any such supplemental
indenture, without the consent of the holders of all the Bonds at the time Outstanding which would be
affected by the action to be taken; (d) a privilege or priority of any Bond over any other Bonds without
the consent of the holders of all Bonds adversely affected thereby; or (e) an amendment to the Indenture
relating to disposition of the GNMA Securities or relating to acceleration upon an Event of Default under
the Indenture, without in each case the consent of the holders of all the Bonds then Outstanding.

         If at any time the Issuer shall request the Trustee to enter into any such supplemental indenture
for any of the purposes described in this section, the Trustee shall, upon being satisfactorily indemnified
with respect to expenses, cause notice of the proposed execution of such supplemental indenture to be
mailed, postage prepaid, to all Bondholders. Such notice shall be prepared by the Issuer and shall briefly
set forth the nature of the proposed supplemental indenture and shall state that copies thereof are on file at
the Trust Office for inspection by all Bondholders. If, within 60 days following the mailing of such
notice, the holders of the required portion of Bonds at the time of the execution of any such supplemental
indenture shall have consented to and approved the execution thereof as provided in the Indenture, no



                                                     E-7
holder of any Bond shall have any right to object to any of the terms and provisions contained therein, or
the operation thereof, or in any manner to question the propriety of the execution thereof, or to enjoin or
restrain the Trustee or the Issuer from executing the same or from taking any action pursuant to the
provisions thereof. Upon the execution of any such supplemental indenture as is in the Indenture
permitted and provided, the Indenture shall be and be deemed to be modified and amended in accordance
therewith.

Amendment of Certain Documents

                 (a)      The Issuer and the Trustee may, with the consent of the Lender, make or consent
        to any amendment, change or modification of the Financing Agreement and the GNMA
        Securities, for the purpose of curing any ambiguity, or of curing, correcting or supplementing any
        defective or inconsistent provision contained therein, or in regard to matters or questions arising
        under said documents, as the Issuer and the Trustee may deem necessary or desirable and not
        inconsistent with said documents or the Indenture and which shall not materially adversely affect
        the interests of the holders of the Bonds.

                 (b)     Except for the amendments, changes or modifications as provided in subsection
        (a) above, the Trustee shall not consent to or approve any other amendment, change or
        modification of any of the Financing Documents (other than the Indenture) without notice to and
        the written approval or consent of the Issuer, the Lender and the beneficial owners of not less than
        a majority of the Bond Obligation given and procured as provided in the Indenture. If, at any
        time, the Issuer shall request the consent to or approval of the Trustee to any such proposed
        amendment, change or modification of any of the Financing Documents (other than the
        Indenture), the Trustee shall, upon being satisfactorily indemnified by the Issuer with respect to
        expenses, cause notice of such proposed amendment, change or modification to be given in the
        same manner as provided in the Indenture with respect to supplemental indentures. Such notice
        shall be prepared by the Issuer and shall briefly set forth the nature of such proposed amendment,
        change or modification and shall state that copies of the instrument embodying the same are on
        file at the Trust Office of the Trustee for inspection by all Bondholders. If, within 60 days or
        such longer period as shall be prescribed by the Trustee following the giving of such notice, the
        holders of not less than a majority of the Bond Obligation at the time of the execution of such
        proposed amendment shall have consented to and approved the execution thereof as provided in
        the Indenture, subject to the provisions thereof, no holder of any Bond shall have any right to
        object to any of the terms and provisions contained therein, or the operation thereof, or in any
        manner to question the propriety of the execution thereof, or shall have any right to object to any
        of the terms and provisions contained therein, or the operation thereof, or in any manner to
        question the propriety of the execution thereof, or to enjoin or restrain the Trustee from agreeing
        to the execution thereof. Upon the execution of any such amendment as in the Indenture is
        permitted and provided, the Financing Documents shall be and be deemed to be modified and
        amended in accordance therewith.

                (c)     Anything in the Indenture to the contrary notwithstanding, the Issuer and the
        Trustee shall not consent to any amendment, change or modification of the GNMA Securities
        which would reduce the Lender’s obligations to make payments thereunder or GNMA’s
        guarantee of such payments (other than as a result of a prepayment of the GNMA Securities
        permitted pursuant to the terms thereof) without the consent of the holders of 100% of the Bond
        Obligation.

                (d)   Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Indenture, no amendment to the
        Financing Documents or the FHA Loan Documents which adversely affects the rights of HUD or



                                                   E-8
        the Lender thereunder shall be effective without the written consent of HUD or the Lender, as
        appropriate.

Amendment by Unanimous Consent

        Notwithstanding any other provision of the Indenture, the Issuer and the Trustee may consent to
any Supplement to any Financing Document upon receipt of the consent of the Lender and the holders of
all Bonds then Outstanding.

Satisfaction and Discharge of Indenture

         If the Issuer (a) shall pay or cause to be paid to the holders of the Bonds the principal, interest and
premium, if any, to become due thereon at the times and in the manner stipulated therein and in the
Indenture, and shall pay or cause to be paid all fees and expenses of the Trustee, and (b) shall keep,
perform and observe all and singular the covenants and promises in the Bonds and in the Indenture
expressed as to be kept, performed and observed by it or on its part, then these presents and the estate and
rights hereby granted shall cease, terminate and be void, and thereupon the Trustee shall cancel and
discharge the lien of the Indenture and execute and deliver to the Issuer such instruments in writing as
shall be requisite to satisfy the lien of the Indenture, shall convey to the Issuer the estate thereby conveyed
and shall assign and deliver to the Issuer any interest in property at the time subject to the lien of the
Indenture which may then be in its possession, except amounts held by the Trustee for the payment of
principal of, premium, if any, and interest on the Bonds.

         All Outstanding Bonds shall, prior to the maturity or redemption date thereof, be deemed to have
been paid within the meaning and with the effect expressed in item (a) of the first paragraph of this
section if the following conditions shall have been fulfilled: (i) there shall be on deposit with the Trustee
either moneys which are Seasoned Funds or direct noncallable Government Obligations purchased with
Seasoned Funds in an amount sufficient, as certified by a firm of certified public accountants, to pay
when due the principal or redemption price, if applicable, and interest due and to become due on the
Bonds on and prior to the redemption date or maturity date thereof, as the case may be; (ii) if any of the
Bonds are to be redeemed on any date prior to their maturity, the Issuer shall have given to the Trustee, in
form satisfactory to it, irrevocable instructions to mail, as provided in the Indenture, notice of redemption
of such Bonds on such date; (iii) the Issuer shall have given the Trustee irrevocable instructions to mail,
as soon as practicable, in the manner prescribed by the Indenture, a notice to the holders of such Bonds
that the deposit required by this paragraph has been made with the Trustee and that the Bonds are deemed
to have been paid in accordance with the Indenture and stating the redemption date upon which moneys
are to be available for the payment of the principal or redemption price, if applicable, on said Bonds; and
(iv) the Trustee shall have received the opinion required by the Indenture.

        No deposit under this heading shall be made or accepted under the Indenture and no use made of
any such deposit unless the Trustee shall have received (a) an opinion of Transaction Counsel to the effect
that such deposit and use is permitted by the Indenture and that upon such deposit the lien of the
Indenture shall be discharged in accordance with the Indenture and (b) executed irrevocable instructions
with respect to the use of such deposit from the Issuer.




                                                      E-9
The Trustee

         The Trustee hereby accepts the trust imposed upon it by the Indenture and agrees to perform said
trusts upon the following terms and conditions:

                 (a)    The Trustee may execute any of the trusts or powers under the Indenture and
        perform any of its duties by or through attorneys, agents, receivers or employees and shall be
        entitled to advice of Counsel concerning all matters of the trusts and the duties under the
        Indenture and may in all cases pay such reasonable compensation to all such attorneys, agents,
        receivers and employees as may be reasonably employed in connection with the trusts of the
        Indenture. The Trustee may act upon the opinion or advice of any attorney, who may be the
        attorney or attorneys for the Issuer, and the Trustee shall not be responsible for any loss or
        damage resulting from any action or inaction taken in good faith in reliance upon such opinion or
        advice.

                 (b)      The Trustee shall not be responsible for any recital in the Indenture, or in the
        Bonds (except in respect to the authentication certificate of the Trustee endorsed on the Bonds),
        or for the validity of the execution by the Issuer of the Indenture or of any supplements thereto or
        instruments of further assurance, or for the sufficiency of the security for the Bonds issued under
        the Indenture or intended to be secured by the Indenture.

                 (c)   The Trustee may become the owner or pledgee of the Bonds secured by the
        Indenture and otherwise deal with the Issuer with the same rights which it would have if not
        Trustee.

                  (d)    To the extent permitted under the Indenture, the Trustee may conclusively rely
        and shall be protected in acting upon any notice, request, consent, certificate, order, affidavit,
        letter, telegram or other paper or document reasonably believed to be genuine and correct and to
        have been signed or sent by the proper person or persons, and the Trustee shall not be bound to
        make any investigation into the facts or matters stated in any such document so delivered and
        signed unless requested in writing so to do by the holders of a majority of the Bond Obligation.

                (e)      The permissive rights of the Trustee to do things enumerated in the Indenture
        shall not be construed as a duty unless so specified therein.

                 (f)     At any and all reasonable times, the Trustee and its duly authorized agents,
        attorneys, experts, engineers, accountants and representatives shall have the right, but shall not be
        required, to inspect the Project fully, including all books, papers and records of the Issuer relating
        to the Project and the Bonds, and to take such memoranda from and in regard thereto as may be
        desired.

                (g)      Notwithstanding anything elsewhere in the Indenture contained, the Trustee shall
        have the right, but shall not be required, to reasonably demand, in respect of the authentication of
        any Bonds, the withdrawal of any moneys, the release of any interest in property or any action
        whatsoever within the purview of the Indenture, any showings, certificates, opinions, appraisals
        or other information, or official action or evidence thereof, in addition to those required in the
        Indenture.

                (h)    Before taking any action under the Indenture, other than any action involved in
        accelerating Bonds, calling Bonds for mandatory redemption, seeking payment from the Lender
        or GNMA and making payments of principal and interest on Bonds, the Trustee may require that



                                                    E-10
an indemnity bond satisfactory to it be furnished for the reimbursement of all expenses to which it
may be put and to protect it against all liability, except liability which resulted from its
negligence, bad faith or willful misconduct by reason of any action so taken.

         (i)      All moneys received by the Trustee or any paying agent shall, until used or
applied or invested as provided in the Indenture, be held in trust for the purposes for which they
were received but need not be segregated from other funds except to the extent required by law or
by the Indenture. Neither the Trustee nor any paying agent shall be under any liability for interest
on any moneys received under the Indenture except liability which resulted in its negligence, bad
faith or willful misconduct and such as otherwise may be agreed upon in writing with the Issuer.

        (j)     The Trustee undertakes to perform only such duties as are specifically set forth in
the Indenture and shall not be answerable for other than its negligence or bad faith in the
performance of those express duties. In case an Event of Default has occurred which has not
been cured, the Trustee shall exercise the rights, duties and powers vested in it by the Indenture in
good faith and with that degree of diligence, care and skill which a reasonable person would
exercise under similar circumstances in like situations.

        (k)   The Trustee shall not be responsible for insuring the Project or for collecting any
insurance moneys.

       (l)      The Trustee shall not be required to give any bond or surety with respect to the
performance of its duties or the exercise of its powers under the Indenture.

         (m)     In the event the Trustee receives inconsistent or conflicting requests and
indemnity from two or more groups of Bondholders, each representing less than a majority of the
aggregate principal amount of Bonds then Outstanding, the Trustee, in its sole discretion, may
determine what action, if any, shall be taken, including the right to interplead said parties in any
court of applicable jurisdiction.

         (n)    No personal recourse may be taken, directly or indirectly, against any officer,
director, employee or agent of the Trustee with respect to the obligations of the Trustee under the
Indenture, the Financing Agreement or any certificate or other writing delivered in connection
therewith.

        (o)     The Trustee’s immunities and protections from liability and its right to
indemnification in connection with the performance of its duties and functions under the
Indenture and the Financing Agreement shall extend to the Trustee in each of its capacities under
the Indenture and to the Trustee’s officers, directors, employees and agents.

       (p)     The Trustee’s immunities and protections from liability and its right to payment
of compensation and indemnification in connection with performance of its duties and functions
under the Indenture and the Financing Agreement shall survive the Trustee’s resignation or
removal and the final payment of the Bonds.

        (q)     The Trustee shall have no responsibility for any information in any offering
memorandum or other disclosure material distributed with respect to the Bonds, and the Trustee
shall have no responsibility for compliance with any state or federal securities laws in connection
with the Bonds.




                                           E-11
                 (r)     In acting or omitting to act under the Financing Agreement, the Trustee shall be
        entitled to all of the rights, protections and immunities, and to its rights of indemnification,
        accorded to it under the Indenture.

                (s)      Whether or not expressly provided for in the Indenture, every provision of the
        Indenture relating to the conduct of or affecting the liability of the Trustee shall be subject to the
        provisions of the Indenture.

                 (t)     The Trustee shall not in any event be responsible for ensuring that the rate of
        interest due and payable on the Bonds under the Indenture does not exceed the highest legal rate
        of interest permissible under federal or state law applicable thereto.

                (u)     The Trustee shall not be responsible for the application of any of the proceeds of
        the Bonds or any other moneys deposited with it and paid out, withdrawn or transferred under the
        Indenture if such application, payment, withdrawal or transfer shall be made in accordance with
        the provisions of the Indenture.

                (v)      No provision of the Indenture shall require the Trustee to expend or risk its own
        funds or otherwise incur any financial liability in the performance of any of its duties under the
        Indenture, or in the exercise of any of its rights or powers.

GNMA/FHA Documents and Regulations Control; FHA Requirements

         (a)     To the extent that there is any conflict, inconsistency or ambiguity between or among the
Indenture and (i) any applicable FHA mortgage insurance, or other applicable FHA or GNMA statutory,
regulatory, administrative requirements; (ii) any of the FHA Loan Documents which have been or are
required by FHA and/or the Lender to be executed by the Issuer, FHA and/or the Lender in connection
with the subject transaction; or (iii) any of the GNMA Documents which have been or are required by
GNMA to be executed by the Issuer, FHA, GNMA and/or the Lender in connection with the subject
transaction, said FHA mortgage insurance and other applicable FHA and GNMA statutory, regulatory and
administrative requirements and said FHA Loan Documents and GNMA Documents will be deemed to be
controlling and any such ambiguity or inconsistency will be resolved in favor of, and pursuant to the FHA
mortgage insurance, and other applicable FHA and GNMA statutory, regulatory or administrative
requirements and the terms of the FHA Loan Documents and GNMA Documents, as applicable. For
purposes of the Indenture, the reference to FHA’s statutory, regulatory and administrative requirements
shall be deemed to include, but shall not be limited to, any statutory, regulatory or administrative
requirements pertaining to Sections 241 and/or 242 of the National Housing Act, as may be applicable.
The parties to the Indenture agree to amend the instrument as may be necessary or required by FHA,
GMNA or the Lender to conform the instrument to the above cited requirements and FHA Loan
Documents and GNMA Documents. In addition, it is understood and agreed that any default under the
Indenture shall not constitute a default under the FHA Loan Documents or the GNMA Documents; and
further, that nothing in the Indenture contained shall be construed to limit or affect the Lender’s rights
under the FHA Loan Documents or the GNMA Documents.

        (b)     No amendment to the Indenture shall conflict with the provisions of the National Housing
Act, any applicable HUD regulations, related administrative requirements, the FHA Loan Documents, any
applicable GNMA regulations, related administrative requirements and the GNMA Documents.

      (c)     The Lender will hold escrow funds and any letters of credit required under the FHA Loan
Documents as required by FHA and/or GNMA outside the terms of the Indenture, and any Mortgage




                                                    E-12
Loans funds held by the Lender will not be deposited in any of the funds or accounts created by the
Indenture or under the control of the Trustee.

         (d)     Nothing contained in the Indenture shall inhibit or impair the right of the Lender or the
Issuer to require or agree to any amendment, charge or modification of the FHA Loan Documents or the
GNMA Documents for the purpose of curing any ambiguity, or of curing, correcting or supplementing
any defective or inconsistent provision contained therein, or in regard to matters or questions arising
under said FHA Loan Documents or the GNMA Documents so long as any such amendment, change or
modification shall not adversely affect the payment terms of the Bonds.

         (e)     The Indenture shall not be construed to restrict or adversely affect the duties and
obligations of the Lender under the contract of mortgage insurance between FHA and the Lender with
respect to the Mortgage Loans, or with respect to GNMA under the GNMA Documents.

        (f)    Neither the Trustee nor any of the Bondholders has or shall be entitled to assert any claim
against the Project, the Mortgage Loans proceeds, any reserves or deposits required by HUD in
connection with the Mortgage Loans transaction, or the revenues, receipts, rents or deposits or other
income of the property other than available “Residual Receipts” (as defined in the FHA Regulatory
Agreement) authorized for release by HUD.

         (g)     Proceeds from any condemnation award or from the payment of a claim under any hazard
insurance policy relating to the Project will not be payable to the Trustee, but will be payable to the
Lender, and the Bonds will be subject to redemption in whole or in part, prior to their stated maturity date,
in said event from payments the Trustee receives on the GNMA Security representing and subsequent to a
prepayment of the Mortgage Notes and the Mortgages from such proceeds or claims payment.

         (h)      In the event of any conflict between the provisions under this heading and the provisions
contained in any other Section of the Indenture, the provisions under this heading shall govern and be
controlling in all respects.

        (i)     Nothing under this heading shall be interpreted to increase the obligations of the Issuer
under the Indenture or otherwise impose additional obligations on the Issuer.

       (j)      The parties hereto acknowledge and agree that an indemnification obligation of Issuer
hereunder shall not succeed to or become an obligation of FHA and/or HUD.




                                                   E-13
[This page intentionally left blank]
                       APPENDIX F

SUMMARY OF CERTAIN PROVISIONS OF THE FINANCING AGREEMENT
[This page intentionally left blank]
                                             APPENDIX F

         SUMMARY OF CERTAIN PROVISIONS OF THE FINANCING AGREEMENT

        The following is a summary, which does not purport to be complete, comprehensive or definitive,
of certain provisions of the Financing Agreement, which is qualified in its entirety by reference to the
Financing Agreement.

Financing Structure

                (a)     The Lender agrees, subject to the terms and conditions of the Financing
        Agreement and the Lender Commitment, to make a loan to the Issuer in an amount equal to the
        outstanding principal amount of the Mortgage Loans as of the Closing Date, which will be
        evidenced by the Mortgage Notes, as amended. The Issuer agrees, subject to the terms and
        provisions of the Financing Agreement, to issue the Bonds and to make the proceeds thereof
        available to purchase the GNMA Securities. The Issuer agrees, subject to the terms and
        conditions of the Financing Agreement, to use the proceeds of the Mortgage Loans to refinance
        the Prior Bonds and pay certain costs in connection therewith.

                 (b)     Upon issuance of the GNMA Securities by the Lender, the Trustee, on behalf of
        the Issuer, has been authorized and directed under the Indenture to purchase the GNMA
        Securities from the Lender with funds in the Acquisition Fund and with respect to the payment of
        accrued and unpaid interest on the GNMA Securities with funds in the Bond Fund in accordance
        with the Financing Agreement and the Indenture, at a price specified in the Financing Agreement.
        The Trustee agrees to acquire the GNMA Securities as set forth in the Financing Agreement and
        in the Indenture.

               (c)      Pursuant to the GNMA Mortgage-Backed Securities Guide, the Lender agrees to
        make all payments on the GNMA Securities in accordance with their terms, provided such
        agreement shall not be construed as the Lender’s guaranty.

                (d)      Nothing in the Financing Agreement shall be construed to impose a duty on the
        Trustee to purchase, or on the Lender to issue, GNMA Securities in a principal amount in excess
        of the outstanding balance of the Mortgage Notes as of the Closing Date.

                (e)      The Issuer agrees to remit to the Lender any amounts which the Trustee is
        required to pay the Lender, but for which sufficient funds to make such payments are not
        available under the Indenture.

Delivery of the GNMA Securities

        The Issuer and the Lender agree under the Financing Agreement to use their best efforts to deliver
to the Trustee the GNMA Securities as soon as practicable after the Closing Date. The Financing
Agreement provides that the Issuer and the Lender expect to deliver the GNMA Securities to the Trustee
on or before April 4, 2013. The Financing Agreement further states that neither the Issuer nor the Lender
has actual knowledge of a material fact that causes it to believe that the GNMA Securities will not be
delivered to the Trustee on or before such date.




                                                   F-1
Sufficiency of Funds

        The Issuer agrees that if the Issuer should pay any costs relating to the acquisition of the GNMA
Securities other than from the proceeds of the Bonds, the Issuer shall not be entitled to any reimbursement
therefor from the Lender, the Trustee or the Bondholders.

Operation of the Project

        The Financing Agreement provides that the Issuer shall operate or cause the Project to be
operated as an eligible project under Sections 241 and 242 of the National Housing Act.

Events of Default; Remedies

         Upon receipt by a Responsible Officer of the Trustee of notice of a violation by the Issuer of, or
default by the Issuer under, any of the provisions of the Financing Agreement, the Trustee shall give
written notice thereof to the Issuer by certified mail, postage prepaid, return-receipt requested. If a
violation or default by the Issuer of any of the provisions of the Financing Agreement is not corrected to
the reasonable satisfaction of the Trustee within 30 days after the date such notice is received, or if the
violation or default (other than a payment default) cannot be corrected within such period, within such
longer period as may be necessary, in the reasonable opinion of the Trustee, to correct such violation,
provided that the Issuer has commenced and is diligently pursuing appropriate action to correct such
violation and there will be no material adverse effect on the rights of the Trustee, the Lender or the
Bondholders under the Financing Agreement, any of the FHA Loan Documents or the Indenture as a
result of such extension, without further notice, the Trustee may declare a default under the Financing
Agreement effective on the date of such declaration of default, and, upon such default, the Issuer, the
Lender or the Trustee may apply to any state or federal court having jurisdiction (a) for specific
performance of the Financing Agreement or for an injunction against any violation of the Financing
Agreement, since the injury to the Issuer, the Lender and the Trustee arising from a default under any of
the terms of the Financing Agreement would be irreparable, and the amount of damage would be difficult
to ascertain, or (b) for other relief in law or equity which may be appropriate. A default under the
Financing Agreement shall not constitute an Event of Default under the Indenture, the FHA Loan
Documents or the documents relating to the GNMA Securities. Notwithstanding the occurrence of any
event of default under the Financing Agreement, the Trustee shall continue to purchase the GNMA
Securities from the Lender and to make disbursements pursuant to the Financing Agreement, and the
funds on deposit in the Acquisition Fund and the Bond Fund shall remain available for such purpose.

GMNA/FHA Loan Documents and Regulations Control; FHA Requirements

        (a)      To the extent that there is any conflict, inconsistency or ambiguity between or among the
Financing Agreement and (i) any applicable FHA mortgage insurance, or other applicable FHA or
GNMA statutory, regulatory, administrative requirements; (ii) any of the FHA Loan Documents which
have been or are required by FHA and/or the Lender to be executed by the Issuer, FHA and/or the Lender
in connection with the subject transaction or (iii) any of the GNMA Documents which have been or are
required by GNMA to be executed by the Issuer, FHA, GNMA and/or the Lender in connection with the
subject transaction, said FHA mortgage insurance and other applicable FHA and GNMA statutory,
regulatory and administrative requirements and said FHA Loan Documents and GNMA Documents will
be deemed to be controlling and any such ambiguity or inconsistency will be resolved in favor of, and
pursuant to, the FHA mortgage insurance, and other applicable FHA and GNMA statutory, regulatory or
administrative requirements and the terms of the FHA Loan Documents and GNMA Documents, as
applicable. For purposes of the Financing Agreement, the reference to FHA’s statutory, regulatory and
administrative requirements shall be deemed to include, but shall not be limited to, any statutory,



                                                   F-2
regulatory or administrative requirements pertaining to Sections 241 and 242 of the National Housing
Act, as may be applicable. The parties to the Financing Agreement agree to amend the instrument as may
be necessary or required by FHA, GMNA or the Lender to conform the instrument to the above-cited
requirements and FHA Loan Documents and GNMA Documents. In addition, it is understood and agreed
that any default under the Financing Agreement shall not constitute a default under the FHA Loan
Documents or the GNMA Documents; and further, that nothing in the Financing Agreement contained
shall be construed to limit or affect the Lender’s rights under the FHA Loan Documents or the GNMA
Documents.

       (b)     No amendment to the Financing Agreement shall conflict with the provisions of the
National Housing Act, any applicable HUD regulations, related administrative requirements, the FHA
Loan Documents, any applicable GNMA regulations, related administrative requirements and the GNMA
Documents.

        (c)     The Lender will hold escrow funds required under the Mortgage Loans as required by
FHA and/or GNMA outside the terms of the Indenture and the Financing Agreement, and any Project
funds held by the Lender will not be deposited in any of the funds or accounts created by the Financing
Agreement or under the control of the Trustee.

        (d)     Nothing contained in the Financing Agreement shall inhibit or impair the right of the
Lender to require or agree to any amendment, charge or modification of the FHA Loan Documents or the
GNMA Documents for the purpose of curing any ambiguity, or of curing, correcting or supplementing
any defective or inconsistent provision contained in the Financing Agreement, or in regard to matters or
questions arising under said FHA Loan Documents or the GNMA Documents so long as any such
amendment, change or modification shall not adversely affect the payment terms of the Bonds.

         (e)    The Financing Agreement shall not be construed to restrict or adversely affect the duties
and obligations of the Lender under the contract of mortgage insurance between FHA and the Lender with
respect to the Mortgage Loans.

        (f)     The Financing Agreement shall not entitle the Trustee, or any of the Bondholders, to
assert any lien against the Project, the Mortgage Loans proceeds, any reserves or deposits required by
HUD in connection with the Mortgage Loans transaction, or the revenues, receipts, rents or deposits or
other income of the Project.

         (g)     Proceeds from any condemnation award or from the payment of a claim under any hazard
insurance policy relating to the Project will not be payable to the Trustee, but will be payable to the
Lender to the extent proceeds of any casualty insurance, condemnation award or other amounts received
following a partial or total destruction or condemnation of the Project are not applied to the repair or
restoration of the Project, and the Bonds will be subject to redemption in whole or in part, prior to their
stated maturity date, in said event from payments the Trustee receives on the GNMA Securities
representing and subsequent to a prepayment of the Mortgage Notes and the Mortgages from such
proceeds or claims payment.

        (h)    In the event of any conflict between the provisions of this Section 9.10 and the provisions
contained in any other Section of the Financing Agreement, the provisions of this Section 9.10 shall
govern and be controlling in all respects.




                                                   F-3
[This page intentionally left blank]
              APPENDIX G

FORM OF CONTINUING DISCLOSURE AGREEMENT
[This page intentionally left blank]
                       CONTINUING DISCLOSURE AGREEMENT
         This Continuing Disclosure Agreement (the “Disclosure Agreement”), dated March 21, 2013, is
by and between MAIMONIDES MEDICAL CENTER (the “Issuer”) and U.S. BANK NATIONAL
ASSOCIATION, as Trustee (defined herein) on behalf of the holders of the Issuer’s $100,535,000
aggregate principal amount of GNMA Collateralized Taxable Revenue Bonds, Series 2013 (the “Bonds”).
The Bonds are being issued by the Issuer and sold to the underwriter (defined below) as described in the
official statement, dated February 27, 2013 (the “Official Statement”). The Bonds are being issued
pursuant to a Trust Indenture dated as of March 1, 2013 (the “Indenture”) between the Issuer and U.S.
Bank National Association, as trustee (the “Trustee”). The proceeds of the Bonds are being loaned to the
Issuer pursuant to a Financing Agreement dated as of March 1, 2013 (the “Financing Agreement”) among
the Issuer, the Trustee and Prudential Huntoon Paige Associates, LLC, a Delaware limited liability
company (the “Lender”). The Issuer and Trustee covenant and agree as follows:

         Section 1. Purpose of this Disclosure Agreement. This Disclosure Agreement is being
executed and delivered by the Issuer and the Trustee for the benefit of the holders of the Bonds. The
Issuer and the Trustee acknowledge that neither the Issuer nor the Trustee shall have any monetary
liability to any Person, including any holder of the Bonds or Beneficial Owner, with respect to any
reports, notices or disclosures required to be provided pursuant to this Disclosure Agreement.

        Section 2. Definitions. In addition to the definitions set forth in the Indenture, which apply to
any capitalized term used in this Disclosure Agreement unless otherwise defined in this Section, the
following capitalized terms shall have the following meanings:

        “Annual Report” shall mean any Annual Report provided by the Issuer pursuant to, and as
described in, Sections 3 and 4 of this Disclosure Agreement.

         “Beneficial Owner” shall mean any Person which (a) has the power, directly or indirectly, to vote
or consent with respect to, or to dispose of ownership of, any Bonds (including Persons holding Bonds
through nominees, depositories or other intermediaries), or (b) is treated as the owner of any Bonds for
federal income tax purposes.

        “DAC” shall mean the Digital Assurance Certification LLC, or such other Person as the Issuer
shall designate in writing to the Trustee from time to time.

       “Disclosure Representative” shall mean the Chief Financial Officer of the Issuer or his or her
designee, or such other Person as the Issuer shall designate in writing to the Trustee from time to time.

           “Listed Events” shall mean any of the events listed in Section 5(a) of this Disclosure Agreement.

        “Quarterly Report” shall mean any Quarterly Report provided by the Issuer pursuant to, and as
described in, Sections 3 and 4 of this Disclosure Agreement.

           “Underwriter” means Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith Incorporated and its successors and
assigns.

         Section 3. Provision of Reports. (a) The Issuer will provide to DAC for electronic posting on
DAC’s website, not later than 135 days following the end of the Issuer’s fiscal year, commencing with the
fiscal year ending in December 31, 2013, an Annual Report which is consistent with the requirements set
forth in Section 4(a) below. The Issuer will also provide to DAC for electronic posting on DAC’s
website, not later than 60 days following the end of the Issuer’s first three fiscal quarters, commencing
with the fiscal quarter ending June 30, 2013, a Quarterly Report which is consistent with the requirements

                                                     G-1
set forth in Section 4(b) below. In each case, the Annual Report and/or Quarterly Report may be
submitted as a single document or as separate documents comprising a package and may cross reference
other information, provided that the audited financial statements for the prior fiscal year of the Issuer or
the unaudited financial statements for the fiscal quarter of the Issuer, as the case may be, may be
submitted separately from the balance of the Annual Report and/or Quarterly Report. The Issuer
covenants and agrees to provide the Trustee with an electronic copy of every Annual Report and
Quarterly Report at the same time that it provides such information to DAC.

        (b)    If the Trustee has not received an electronic copy of the Annual Report and/or Quarterly
Report from the Issuer by the applicable date specified in subsection (a), the Trustee shall (i) notify the
Disclosure Representative that the Issuer is not in compliance with subsection (a), and (ii) upon
confirmation of such non-compliance shall provide DAC with an electronic notice to such effect for
posting on DAC’s website.

        (c)     Upon the timely receipt of each Annual Report and/or Quarterly Report, the Issuer shall
request from DAC a written confirmation of receipt of the Annual Report and/or Quarterly Report,
including the date it was received by DAC.

        Section 4. Content of Reports. (a) The Issuer’s Annual Report will contain or incorporate by
reference the following:

                 (i)     the audited financial statements of the Issuer for its prior fiscal year, prepared in
        accordance with generally accepted accounting principles as promulgated from time to time by
        the Financial Accounting Standards Board (or any successor entity), and modified as necessary to
        comply with HUD reporting. If the Issuer’s audited financial statements are not available by the
        time the Annual Report is required to be filed, the Annual Report will contain unaudited financial
        statements in a format similar to the financial statements contained in the Official Statement (i.e.,
        including a balance sheet, statement of operations, changes in net assets and cash flow for the
        fiscal year), and the audited financial statements will be filed in the same manner as the Annual
        Report when they become available; and

                 (ii)     certain annual financial information and operating data relating to it for its prior
        fiscal year, in scope, content and presentation similar to the information set forth in the Official
        Statement (i.e., including aggregate inpatient discharges, patient days, average length of stay,
        emergency room visits, outpatient visits and outpatient procedures; and discharges by major
        payor source for the fiscal year), with an explanation of any significant trends or changes.

        (b)     The Issuer’s Quarterly Report will contain or incorporate by reference the following:

                 (i)      the Quarterly Report will contain unaudited financial statements of the Issuer for
        its prior fiscal quarter in a format similar to the unaudited financial statements contained in the
        Official Statement (i.e., including a balance sheet, statement of operations, changes in net asses
        and cash flow as of the end of the fiscal quarter); and

                (ii)     interim financial information and operating data relating to it for its prior fiscal
        quarter, in scope, content and presentation similar to the information set forth in the Official
        Statement (i.e., including aggregate inpatient discharges, patient days, average length of stay,
        emergency room visits, outpatient visits and outpatient procedures; and discharges by major
        payor source for the fiscal quarter), with an explanation of any significant trends or changes.

        Section 5. Reporting of Significant Events. (a) The Issuer will give, or cause to be given,
notice of the occurrence of any of the following events with respect to the Bonds:


                                                    G-2
                         (i)      principal and interest payment delinquencies;

                         (ii)     non payment related defaults, if material;

                         (iii)    [Reserved];

                         (iv)     unscheduled draws on credit enhancements reflecting financial
                                  difficulties;

                         (v)      substitution of credit or liquidity providers or their failure to perform;

                         (vi)     [Reserved];

                         (vii)    modifications to rights of Bondholders, if material;

                         (viii)   Bond calls, if material and tender offers;

                         (ix)     defeasances;

                         (x)      release, substitution or sale of property securing repayment of the Bonds;

                         (xi)     rating changes;

                         (xii)    bankruptcy, insolvency, receivership of similar event of the Issuer;

                         (xiii)   the consummation of a merger, consolidation or acquisition involving the
                                  Issuer, or the sale of all or substantially all of the assets of the Issuer,
                                  other than in the ordinary course of business, the entry into a definitive
                                  agreement to undertake such an action or the termination of a definitive
                                  agreement relating to any such actions, other than pursuant to its terms, if
                                  material; and

                         (xiv)    appointment of a successor or additional Bond trustee, or the change of
                                  name of a Bond trustee, if material.

        (b)      Upon obtaining knowledge of the occurrence of a Listed Event for which a materiality
standard exists, the Issuer agrees to promptly determine if such event is considered material for purposes
of applicable federal securities laws.

        (c)      If the Issuer has determined that knowledge of the occurrence of a Listed Event would be
material under applicable federal securities laws, or if the Listed Event does not involve a materiality
standard, the Issuer will (i) promptly notify the Trustee in writing, and (ii) electronically file with DAC a
notice of the occurrence of such Listed Event for posting on DAC’s website.

         (d)    If in response to a request under subsection (b), the Issuer determines that the Listed
Event would not be material under applicable federal securities laws, the Issuer will so notify the Trustee
in writing and (except with respect to Section 5(a)(ii) above) provide a concurring opinion of counsel to
the Trustee.

        Section 6. Amendment; Waiver. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Disclosure
Agreement, the Issuer and the Trustee may amend this Disclosure Agreement and any provision of this
Disclosure Agreement may be waived, provided that the following conditions are satisfied:


                                                     G-3
                (a)     If the amendment or waiver relates to the provisions described under paragraph
        (a) under “Provision of Reports”, “Contents of Reports” or paragraph (a) under “Reporting of
        Significant Events”, it may only be made in connection with a change in circumstances that arises
        from a change in legal requirements, change in law or change in the identity, nature or status of
        an obligated Person with respect to the Bonds or the type of business conducted; and

                (b)      The amendment or waiver either (i) is approved by the Holders of the Bonds in
        the same manner as provided in the Indenture for amendments to the Indenture with the consent
        of Holders or (ii) does not, in the opinion of Transaction Counsel, materially impair the interests
        of the Holders or Beneficial Borrowers of the Bonds.

        Notwithstanding the foregoing, no amendment or waiver shall be required if there is a change in
accounting principles as required under generally accepted accounting principles.

        In the event of any amendment or waiver of a provision of this Disclosure Agreement, the Issuer
covenants and agrees to (i) describe such amendment in the next Annual Report and (ii) as applicable, a
narrative explanation of the reason for the amendment or waiver and its impact on the type (or, in the case
of a change of accounting principles, on the presentation) of financial information or operating data being
presented by the Issuer. In addition, if the amendment relates to the accounting principles to be followed
in preparing financial statements, the Annual Report for the year in which the change is made should
present a comparison (in narrative form and also, if feasible, in quantitative form) between the financial
statements as prepared on the basis of the new accounting principles and those prepared on the basis of
the former accounting principles. Notwithstanding the foregoing, a separate narrative explanation shall
not be required if described in the relevant financial statements.

       The Issuer will provide a copy of any amendment to this Disclosure Agreement to the Trustee
promptly following its execution.

         Section 7. Remedies. In the event of a failure by either the Issuer or the Trustee to comply with
any provision of this Disclosure Agreement, the non-defaulting party, may, and, at the request of the
Underwriter or the Holders of at least 25% aggregate principal amount of Outstanding Bonds, shall, take
such actions by mandamus or other suit or proceeding at law or in equity as may be necessary and
appropriate against the other party and any of its officers, agents and employees, in order to cause the
defaulting party to comply with its obligations under this Disclosure Agreement; provided, however, that
the sole and exclusive remedy for breach of this Disclosure Agreement shall be an action to compel
specific performance of the obligations of such defaulting party hereunder and no person or entity shall be
entitled to recover monetary damages hereunder under any circumstances.

        A default under this Disclosure Agreement shall not be deemed an Event of Default under the
Indenture or the Financing Agreement.

         Section 8. Beneficiaries. This Disclosure Agreement will inure solely to the benefit of the
Issuer, the Trustee, the Underwriter and Holders from time to time of the Bonds and will create no rights
in any other Person or entity.

        Section 9. GNMA/FHA Documents and Regulations Control. Notwithstanding any provision
of this Disclosure Agreement to the contrary, the parties hereto acknowledge and agree that all of their
respective rights and powers under this Agreement are subordinate and subject to the liens of the
Mortgages created by the Issuer in favor of the Lender under the FHA Loan Documents, and to all of the
terms and provisions of the Mortgages, and any and all other FHA Loan Documents and GNMA
Documents executed by the Issuer, FHA, GNMA and/or the Lender, as required by FHA, GNMA or the
Lender in connection with the Mortgage Loans.


                                                   G-4
         Section 10. Additional Information. Nothing in this Disclosure Agreement shall be deemed to
prevent the Issuer from disseminating any other information, using the means of dissemination set forth in
this Disclosure Agreement or any other means of communication, or including any other information in
any Annual Report, Quarterly Report or notice of occurrence of a Listed Event, in addition to that which
is required by this Disclosure Agreement. If the Issuer chooses to include any information in any Annual
Report, Quarterly Report or notice of occurrence of a Listed Event, in addition to that which is
specifically required by this Disclosure Agreement, the Issuer shall have no obligation under this
Disclosure Agreement to update such information or include it in any future Annual Report or notice of
occurrence of a Listed Event.

        Section 11. Duties, Immunities and Liabilities of the Trustee. For purposes of this Disclosure
Agreement, the Trustee shall have only such duties as are specifically set forth herein, and the Issuer
agrees to indemnify and save the Trustee and its officers, directors, employees and agents, harmless
against any loss, expense and liabilities which they may incur arising out of or in the exercise or
performance of their rights, obligations, powers and duties hereunder, including the costs and expenses
(including reasonable attorneys’ fees) of defending against any claim of liability, but excluding liabilities
due to the Trustee’s negligence or willful misconduct. The obligations of the Issuer under this Section
shall survive the termination of this Disclosure Agreement, the resignation or removal of the Trustee
hereunder and the payment of the Bonds.

         The Trustee shall not be deemed to be acting in any fiduciary capacity for the Issuer or the
holders of the Series 2013 Bonds or any other party. The Trustee shall have no duty or obligation (i) with
respect to the form or content of any disclosure or Listed Events Notices provided by the Issuer pursuant
to the terms of this Disclosure Agreement, or (ii) to review or verify any information contained in the
Annual Reports or the Quarterly Reports or Listed Event Notices or any other information, disclosures or
notices provided to it by the Issuer. The Trustee shall have no responsibility for the Issuer’s failure to
electronically provide to DAC any notices of Listed Events required by this Disclosure Agreement or
duty to determine the materiality thereof. The Trustee shall have no duty to determine or liability for
failing to determine whether the Issuer has complied with this Disclosure Agreement and it may
conclusively rely upon certifications of the Issuer with respect to its obligations hereunder. In no event
shall the Trustee have any liability to the holders of the Bond or any other party for any monetary
damages or financial liability of any kind whatsoever related to or arising from the breach of this
Disclosure Agreement.

        In the event that the obligations of the Trustee hereunder terminate, the Issuer will either appoint
a successor for the benefit of the Series 2013 Bondholders.

        No provision of this Disclosure Agreement shall require or be construed to require the Issuer or
the Trustee to interpret or provide an opinion concerning any information disclosed hereunder.

        The Annual Report may contain such disclaimer language as the Issuer may deem appropriate.

         The Issuer hereby agrees to compensate the Trustee for the services provided pursuant to this
Disclosure Agreement, in an amount to be agreed upon, and to reimburse the Trustee upon its request for
all reasonable expenses, disbursements and advances incurred by it hereunder (including any reasonable
compensation and expenses of counsel) except any such expense, disbursement or advance that may be
attributable to its negligence or willful misconduct.

        The Trustee may consult with counsel of its choice and the written advice of such counsel or any
opinion of counsel shall be full and complete authorization and protection in respect of any action taken,
suffered or omitted by it hereunder in good faith and in reliance thereon, it being understood that for
purposes of this provision, that such counsel may be counsel to the Issuer.


                                                    G-5
        No provision of this Disclosure Agreement shall require the Trustee to expend or risk its own
funds or otherwise incur any financial liability in the performance of any of its duties hereunder, or in the
exercise of any of its rights of powers.

        Section 12. Notices. Any notices or communications to or among any of the parties to this
Disclosure Agreement may be given as follows, and shall be effective only upon receipt, with notices to
be sent by mail or overnight mail, and facsimile:

        To the Issuer:

                Maimonides Medical Center
                4721 Fort Hamilton Parkway
                Brooklyn, NY 11219
                Attention: Robert Naldi
                Telephone: (718) 283-3909
                Facsimile: (718) 283-3930

                With a copy to the Issuer’s General Counsel

        To the Trustee:

                U.S. Bank National Association
                100 Wall Street, 16th Floor
                New York, New York 10005
                Attention: Corporate Trust Department
                Telephone: (212) 951-8500
                Facsimile: (212) 809-4993

        Any person may, by written notice to the other persons listed above, designate a different address
or telephone number(s) to which subsequent notices of communications should be sent, effective only
upon receipt.

         Section 13. Governing Law. This Disclosure Agreement shall be governed by the laws of the
State of New York.

        Section 14. Termination of this Disclosure Agreement. The Issuer or the Trustee may
terminate this Disclosure Agreement by giving written notice to the other party at least 30 days prior to
such termination. The Trustee shall be fully discharged at the time any such termination is effective.



                                 [balance of page intentionally left blank]




                                                    G-6
        Section 15. Counterparts. This Disclosure Agreement may be executed in several counterparts,
each of which shall be an original and all of which shall constitute but one and the same instrument.

Dated as of March __ , 2013

                                              MAIMONIDES MEDICAL CENTER



                                              By:
                                                              Authorized Officer


                                              U.S. BANK NATIONAL ASSOCIATION
                                              On behalf of the holders of the Bonds



                                              By:
                                                              Authorized Officer




                                                G-7
[This page intentionally left blank]
                   APPENDIX H

FORM OF APPROVING OPINION OF TRANSACTION COUNSEL
[This page intentionally left blank]
                             EICHNER NORRIS & NEUMANN PLLC
                                             ATTORNEYS AT LAW
                                          THE JEFFERSON BUILDING
                                       1225 19TH STREET, N.W., 7TH FLOOR
                                           WASHINGTON, D.C. 20036
                                              TEL: (202) 973-0100
                                              FAX: (202) 296-6990




                                             March 21, 2013



Maimonides Medical Center
Brooklyn, New York

Re:
                                          $100,535,000
                                  Maimonides Medical Center
                            GNMA Collateralized Taxable Revenue Bonds,
                                           Series 2013

Ladies and Gentlemen:

        We have acted as transaction counsel to Maimonides Medical Center (the “Issuer”), a New York
not-for-profit corporation organized under the New York State not-for-profit corporation law and a
charitable organization within the meaning of Section 501(c)(3) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, in
connection with the issuance of $100,535,000 in aggregate principal amount of its GNMA Collateralized
Taxable Revenue Bonds, Series 2013, dated the date hereof (the “Bonds”). The Bonds are issued by the
Issuer under and pursuant to that certain Trust Indenture dated as of March 1, 2013 (the “Indenture”)
between the Issuer and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee (the “Trustee”).

       The proceeds from the sale of the Bonds will be used by the Issuer to purchase fully modified
mortgage-backed securities which will be guaranteed as to timely payment of principal and interest by the
Government National Mortgage Association from Prudential Huntoon Paige Associates, LLC (the
“Lender”) pursuant to that certain Financing Agreement dated as of March 1, 2013 (the “Financing
Agreement”) among the Issuer, the Trustee and the Lender.

        In our capacity as transaction counsel to the Issuer, we have examined, among other things,
proceedings of the Issuer authorizing, among other things, the execution and delivery of the Indenture, the
Financing Agreement, and the issuance of the Bonds, a specimen Bond, a certificate of the Trustee
regarding the authentication of the Bonds, executed counterparts of the above-referenced documents, the
executed opinion of Arent Fox LLP, New York, New York, counsel to the Issuer, dated this date, and
such other documents, showings and related matters as we have deemed necessary in order to render this
opinion.

       Based on the foregoing, but subject to the assumptions, qualifications and limitations set forth
below, we are of the opinion that:

         1.     The Indenture has been duly authorized by the Issuer, has been duly executed and
delivered by authorized officers of the Issuer and, assuming due authorization, execution and delivery
thereof by the Trustee, constitutes a valid and binding instrument of the Issuer, enforceable against the
Issuer in accordance with its terms.



                                                     H-1
March 21, 2013
Page 2

        2.      The Bonds have been duly authorized by the Issuer, have been duly executed by
authorized officers of the Issuer, authenticated by the Trustee and validly issued by the Issuer and
constitute the valid and binding limited obligations of the Issuer payable solely from payments and
prepayments and from other amounts payable under the under the Indenture and the Bonds are
enforceable in accordance with their terms and are entitled to the benefit and security of the Indenture.

         3.      The Financing Agreement has been duly authorized by the Issuer, has been executed and
delivered by authorized officers of the Issuer and, assuming due authorization, execution and delivery
thereof by the other parties thereto, constitutes a valid and binding instrument of the Issuer enforceable
against the Issuer in accordance with its terms.

         The opinions set forth above are subject to the following assumptions, qualifications and
limitations:

        (a)       We have assumed without any independent investigation (i) the genuineness of all
        signatures on documents examined by us and the authority of the persons to sign such documents
        (other than the genuineness of the signature of the officers of the Issuer on the Indenture, the
        Financing Agreement and the Bonds, and the authority of such officers to sign such documents),
        (ii) the authenticity of all documents submitted to us as originals and the conformity to authentic
        original documents of all documents submitted to us as certified, conformed, facsimile or
        photostatic copies, and (iii) the correctness of public files, records and certificates of, or furnished
        by, governmental or regulatory agencies or authorities.

        (b)      We have assumed (without expressing any opinion thereon), to the extent the obligations
        of the Issuer or its performance thereof may be dependent on such matters, that: (i) each party to
        the Indenture and the Financing Agreement (other than the Issuer) is duly organized, validly
        existing and in good standing under the laws of its jurisdiction of incorporation, and (ii) any party
        seeking to enforce its rights against the Issuer under the Indenture or the Financing Agreement is
        qualified to do business in every state necessary in order for it to realize the practical benefits of
        enforcing its rights under such document. We also have assumed (i) the due authorization,
        execution and delivery of the Indenture and the Financing Agreement by all parties (other than
        the Issuer), (ii) that each party to the Indenture and the Financing Agreement (other than the
        Issuer) has the requisite organizational power and authority to perform its obligations under such
        document, and (iii) the validity and binding effect of the Indenture and the Financing Agreement
        with regard to such parties (other than the Issuer).

        (c)     Our opinions in paragraphs 2 and 3 are subject, as to enforceability, to the effect of any
        applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or similar laws affecting creditors’
        rights generally from time to time in effect, and to the effect of general principles of equity,
        including without limitation those related to equitable subordination, matters of charitable trust or
        public policy, concepts of materiality, reasonableness, good faith and fair dealing (regardless of
        whether considered in a proceeding in equity or at law) and the possible unavailability of the
        remedy of specific performance or payment of attorney fees.

        (d)     We offer no opinion as to whether any authorizations, consents, approvals, licenses,
        permits, filings or registrations may be required (or whether any fees may be required to be paid
        in connection therewith) in connection with any legal or other proceedings for enforcement of the
        Indenture and the Financing Agreement.




                                                     H-2
March 21, 2013
Page 3

       (e)     We express no opinion as to the applicability of laws relating to fraudulent transfer,
       fraudulent obligations or preferential transfer, or any laws governing the distribution of assets of
       the Issuer including without limitation, Section 548 of Chapter 11 of the United States Code.

       (f)   We express no opinion as to any provision of any document purporting to provide for the
       payment of interest on interest.

       (g)    We express no opinion as to the inclusion of interest on the Bonds in the gross income of
       the owners thereof for federal or state income tax purposes.

         These opinions are based solely on the laws of the State of New York and federal laws of the
United States of America and no opinion is intended or given with respect to the laws of any other
jurisdiction.

       This opinion is intended solely for your benefit and may not be relied upon by any other person.
We are assuming no professional responsibility to any other person by rendering this opinion.

                                                Respectfully submitted,

                                                EICHNER NORRIS & NEUMANN PLLC




                                                  H-3
[This page intentionally left blank]
MAIMONIDES MEDICAL CENTER • GNMA COLLATERALIZED TAXABLE REVENUE BONDS, SERIES 2013
