8-K 1 tfvr0515form8k.htm FORM 8-K UNITED
STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington,
DC 20549 Form
8-K CURRENT
REPORT Pursuant
to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 Date
of Report (Date of earliest event reported): May 15, 2019 TimeFireVR,
Inc. (Exact
name of the registrant as specified in its charter) Nevada | 814-00175 | 86-0490034
(State or other jurisdiction of | (Commission | (IRS Employer
of incorporation) | File Number) | Identification No.) 1607
Ponce de Leon Ave, Suite 407, San Juan, PR 00909 (Address
of principle executive offices) (Zip code) Registrant’s
telephone number, including area code: (833) 373-3228 7150
E. Camelback Rd. Suite 444, Scottsdale AZ 85251 (Former
name or address if changed since last report) Check
the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the Registrant
under any of the following provisions ( see General Instruction A.2 below): ☐
Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425). ☐
Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12). ☐
Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b)). ☐
Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c)). Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act
of 1933 (§230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (§240.12b-2 of this chapter). ☐
Emerging growth company If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for
complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. ☐ Section
1 – RegISTRANT’S BUSINESS AND OPERATIONS Item 1.01 | Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement Share
Exchange Agreement with Red Cat Propware, Inc. Effective
May 15, 2019, we closed a Share Exchange Agreement (the “SEA”) with Red Cat Propware, Inc., a Nevada corporation (“Red
Cat”) and each of the shareholders of Red Cat (the “Acquisition”). Under the SEA, we acquired all of the issued
and outstanding capital stock of Red Cat, in exchange for our issuance to the Red Cat shareholders of: (i) 236,000,000 shares
of our common stock, and (ii) 2,169,068.0554 shares of our newly-designated Series A Preferred Stock. Our new Series A Preferred
Stock is convertible to common stock at a ratio of 10,000 shares of common stock for each share of preferred stock held, and votes
together with the common stock on an as-converted basis. The new Series A Preferred Stock will convert automatically to common
stock upon the effectiveness of any future reverse split of our common stock. In total, the common stock and Series A Preferred
Stock issued under the SEA will constitute approximately 83.33% of our issued an outstanding share capital on a fully-diluted
basis. With the exception of shares held by the President of Red Cat, Jeffrey Thompson, the convertibility of shares of Series
A Preferred Stock is limited such that a holder of Series A Preferred Stock may not convert Series A Preferred Stock to our common
stock to the extent that the number of shares of common stock to be issued pursuant to such conversion, when aggregated with all
other shares of common stock owned by the holder at such time, would result in the holder beneficially owning (as determined in
accordance with Section 13(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934) more than 4.99% of all of our common stock outstanding. Exchange
Agreements with Holders of Series E Convertible Preferred Stock, Promissory Notes, Options, and Warrants Immediately
prior to the closing of the SEA, we entered into Securities Exchange Agreements (the “Exchange Agreements”) with each
of the holders of our outstanding Series E Convertible Preferred Stock, Promissory Notes, Options, and Warrants (collectively,
the “Exchange Securities”). The holders of the Exchange Securities were issued, in exchange for their Exchange Securities,
a total of 4,212,645.28 shares of our newly-designated Series B Preferred Stock. Gary Smith, a director, exchanged outstanding
stock options for Series B Preferred Stock convertible into 4 million shares of common stock and resigned in connection with the
closing of the Acquisition. Our new Series B Preferred Stock is convertible to common stock at a ratio of 1,000 shares of common
stock for each share of preferred stock held, and votes together with the common stock on an as-converted basis. In total, the
Series B Preferred Stock issued under the Exchange Agreement will constitute approximately 15.64% of our issued an outstanding
share capital on a fully-diluted basis. The convertibility of shares of Series B Preferred Stock is also limited such that a holder
of Series B Preferred Stock may not convert Series B Preferred Stock to our common stock to the extent that the number of shares
of common stock to be issued pursuant to such conversion, when aggregated with all other shares of common stock owned by the holder
at such time, would result in the holder beneficially owning (as determined in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934) more than 4.99% of all of our common stock outstanding. Series B Preferred Stock does not have an automatic
conversion feature. Issuance
of RSUs to Jonathan Read Also
concurrently with the SEA, our director and former CEO, Jonathan Read, received Restricted Stock Units (“RSUs”) for
500 million shares of common stock in exchange for $35,000 of past due compensation. The RSUs issued to Mr. Read will constitute
approximately 0.19% of our issued an outstanding share capital on a fully-diluted basis. The underlying shares of common stock
are fully vested and will be delivered in 2 years, and are not transferable or entitled to voting rights prior to delivery. Issuance
of New Warrant and Series A and Series B Preferred Stock to Cavalry Fund I LP In
connection with the SEA, we also issued a new Warrant to Cavalry Fund I LP (“Cavalry”), in exchange for a Warrant
previously issued to Cavalry by Red Cat. This warrant exchange was conducted at the same ratio as our exchange of common and Series
A Preferred Stock with the shareholders of Red Cat, and the new Warrant contains the same material terms as the prior Red Cat
warrant. The new Warrant issued to Cavalry permits Cavalry to purchase up to 563,848,196 shares of our common stock at a price
of $0.00027 per share, exercisable for a period of 5 years. Shares issuable upon exercise of the Warrant have piggy-back registration
rights. Cavalry held convertible notes, warrants, and Series E Preferred Stock which it exchanged for Series B Preferred Stock
convertible into 3,224,742,332 shares of common stock and received Series A Preferred Stock convertible into 563,848,196 shares
of common stock, and received Series A Preferred Stock convertible into 563,848,196 shares of common stock. Both the Series A
and Series B Preferred Stock have 4.99% beneficial ownership limitations. Redemption
of old Series A Preferred Stock Immediate
prior to the closing of the SEA and the Exchange Agreements, the 100 shares of our old Series A Preferred Stock held by Jonathan
Read were redeemed by the company and cancelled. Resulting
Capital Structure Following
the transactions described above, there are no longer any outstanding shares of Series E Convertible Preferred Stock, promissory
notes, options, or warrants, with the sole exceptions of the RSU’s granted to Mr. Read and the new Warrant issued to Cavalry
and 3,333,3333 Warrants held by a former advisor to the company’s legacy business. Our resulting capital structure, on a
fully-diluted basis, is as follows: Category | Security Held | Number of Shares | Common Stock Equivalents
Existing Common Shareholders | Common Stock | 235,460,470 | 235,460,470
Former Red Cat Shareholders | Common Stock | 236,000,000 | 236,000,000
Former Red Cat Shareholders | Series A Preferred Stock | 2,169,068.0554 | 21,690,680,554
Cavalry Fund I LP | Warrant | 563,848,196 | 563,848,196
Former Holders of Exchange Securities | Series B Preferred Stock | 4,212,645.28 | 4,212,645,280
Jonathan Read | Restricted Stock Units | 50,000,000 | 50,000,000
Warrant holder | Warrants | 3,333,333 | 3,333,333
Total | 26,991,967,833 Following
the closing of the SEA and related transactions, we have approximately 471,460,470 shares of common stock issued and outstanding. Section
2 – FINANCIAL INFORMATION Item 2.01 | Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets. The
disclosures set forth in Item 1.01, above, are hereby incorporated by reference into this Item 2.01. As a result of the SEA, Red
Cat is now our wholly-owned subsidiary. We intend to focus primarily on the business of Red Cat going forward. Red Cat offers
secure, cloud-based analytics, storage, and services for drones. Its primary product is Black Box by Red Cat. Black Box by Red
Cat is a blockchain technology that records all information from a drone much like a traditional airliner black box. Red
Cat sends the information directly to the cloud and clones the drone in real time. This information can then be viewed using Red
Cat’s analytics platform with a secure login. Prior
to the Acquisition, there were no material relationships between us and Red Cat, or any of their respective affiliates, directors
or officers, or any associates of their respective officers or directors. The
Acquisition will be accounted for as a “reverse acquisition,” as the stockholders of Red Cat possess majority voting
control of the company immediately following the Acquisition and now control our board of directors. Red Cat is deemed to be the
accounting acquirer in the reverse acquisition. Consequently, the assets and liabilities and the historical operations of Red
Cat prior to the Acquisition will be reflected in the financial statements and will be recorded at the historical cost basis of
Red Cat. Our consolidated financial statements after completion of the Acquisition will include the assets and liabilities of
both companies, the historical operations of Red Cat, and our operations from the closing date of the Acquisition. As a result
of the issuance of the shares of our common stock and shares of Series A Preferred Stock pursuant to the Acquisition, a change
in control of the Company occurred on May 15, 2019. Except as described herein, no arrangements or understandings exist among
present or former controlling stockholders with respect to the election of members of our board of directors and, to our knowledge,
no other arrangements exist that might result in a future change of control of the Company. We will continue to be a “small
business issuer,” as defined under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “Exchange Act”), following
the Acquisition. Section
3 – SECURITIES AND TRADING MARKETS Item 3.02 | Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities As
described above, we issued 236,000,000 shares of common stock and 2,169,068.0554 shares of Series A Preferred Stock to the former
shareholders of Red Cat. As represented in the SEA, each of these shareholders is an “accredited investor” within
the meaning of Rule 501 under the Securities Act. In addition, we issued 4,212,645.28 shares of Series B Preferred Stock to various
holders of the Exchange Securities, as described above. As represented in the Exchange Agreements, each of the former holders
of the Exchange Securities is an “accredited investor” within the meaning of Rule 501 under the Securities Act. We
engaged in no general solicitation or advertising in connection with the SEA and the Exchange Agreements. The issuance of the
common stock, Series A Preferred Stock, and Series B Preferred Stock as described herein was exempt from registration under Rule
506 of Regulation D under the Securities Act. The exchange of other securities for the Series B Preferred Stock was also exempt
under Section (9a)(9) of the Securities Act. Section
5 – CORPORATE GOVERNANCE AND MANAGEMENT Item 5.01 | Changes in Control of Registrant As
a result of the issuance of shares of our common stock and shares of Series A Preferred Stock pursuant to the SEA, a change in
control of the Company occurred on May 15, 2019. Our controlling shareholder is now Jeffrey M. Thompson, the founder, CEO, and
former majority shareholder of Red Cat. Mr. Thompson now holds 236,000,000 shares of common stock and 1,433,007.8398 shares of
our new Series A Preferred Stock. As a result, he is the beneficial owner of approximately 50.06% of our common stock and the
holder of 54.07% of all of our capital stock on a fully-diluted basis. Under the terms of the SEA, Mr. Thompson has been appointed
as a member of the Board of Directors. In addition, Red Cat has the right to nominate up to 3 additional new members to the Board
of Directors, and has appointed 2 new board members in addition to Mr. Thompson. The appointment of these other 2 members is subject
to compliance with Rule 14f-1 under the Exchange Act. Other
than as set forth in the SEA, there are no other arrangements which may, at a subsequent date, result in a change in control of
the registrant. Item 5.02 | Departure of Directors or Principal Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Principal Officers Concurrently
with the closing of the SEA, our Board of Directors appointed the founder and President of Red Cat, Jeffrey Thompson, to serve
as our new President, CEO, Secretary, Treasurer and member of the Board of Directors. Jonathan Read, who has resigned from his
position as CEO, will continue to serve the company as a member of the Board of Directors. Gary Smith resigned from the Board
of Directors. Our Chief Financial Officer, Jessica Smith, will also continue to serve in that position going forward. Further,
effective ten (10) days after mailing to shareholders of a Schedule 14f-1 regarding the proposed change in our board, two additional
members of the Board of Directors nominated by Red Cat will be appointed – Patrick T. Mitchell and Nicholas R. Liuzza, Jr. Jeffrey
Thompson – President, CEO, and Director, age 54 , is the founder and CEO of Red Cat Propware Inc.,
a provider of cloud-based analytics, storage, and services for drone aircraft. He founded Red Cat Propware, Inc. in 2016. Since
January of 2019, Mr. Thompson has been a member of the board of directors of Exactus, Inc., a producer and marketer of products
made from industrial hemp containing cannabidiol (CBD), currently traded on the OTCQB venture market. In December 1999 he founded
Towerstream Corp. Towerstream Corp. became a publicly traded company on the NASDAQ in June 2007, when Mr. Thompson was president,
chief executive officer and a director. In 1994, Mr. Thompson founded EdgeNet Inc., a privately held Internet service provider
(which was sold to Citadel Broadcasting Corporation in 1997) and became eFortress through 1999. Mr. Thompson holds a B.S. degree
from the University of Massachusetts. Nicholas
Liuzza Jr. – Director (proposed) , age 53, serves as an Executive Vice President of Real Matters, Inc. a network management
services provider for the mortgage lending and insurance industries, a position he has held from April of 2016 to the present.
Real Matters, Inc. is listed on the Toronto Stock Exchange. Mr. Liuzza was also the founder and CEO of Linear Settlement Services,
LLC, a title insurance agency acquired by Real Matters, Inc. As an innovator and a driving force behind Linear’s technology
strategy, he was responsible for building the company into one of the top independent title insurance agencies in the U.S. Mr.
Liuzza has more than 20 years of experience as an entrepreneur, with a proven track record for driving growth and building leading
market positions. In 2001, he was the President of New Age Nurses & New Age Staffing, a healthcare staffing company which
he grew into a national provider of healthcare personnel services which became the platform for a reverse merger upon its acquisition
in 2003. Prior to that, Mr. Liuzza was Executive Vice President of AMICUS Legal Staffing, a national staffing services provider
with a specialization in real estate transactions. Under his leadership, AMICUS Legal Staffing became one of the largest privately
held legal staffing companies in the U.S. Mr. Liuzza started his career with Xerox Corporation in 1988. Patrick
T. Mitchell – Director (proposed) , age 58, is the Chief Executive Officer of The Carpenter Health Network, a leading
health care provider in the Gulf Coast region providing a continuum of services including nursing, home care, hospice, and rehabilitation
care. In 2002, he founded St. Joseph Hospice with the mission of providing peace, comfort and dignity to those facing terminal
illness. The Carpenter Health Network was created in 2014 as the parent company of St. Joseph Hospice and its sister companies.
In 2006, he formed STAT Home Health, leading to Louisiana’s first AIM Palliative Home Health Program that helps seriously
ill patients who lack coordinated hospital, home health and hospice care. In 2013, he created Homedica to improve the patient
experience and reducing hospitalizations by enabling physicians and mid-level care providers to make house calls. Mr. Mitchell
is a graduate of the University of Louisiana-Monroe. None
of our new officers and directors have had had any material direct or indirect interest in any of our transactions or proposed
transactions over the last two years. At this time, we do not have written employment agreements or other formal compensation
agreements with any of our new officers and directors. Item 5.03 | Amendments to Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws As
discussed in Item 1.01, above, we have designated two new classes of preferred stock – Series A Preferred Stock and Series
B Preferred Stock. The rights and preferences of these new classes of common stock are discussed in Item 1.01, above, which is
incorporated herein by reference. Further, as a result of the Exchange Agreements, we no longer have any outstanding shares of
Series E Preferred Stock, and the designation for that class has been withdrawn. Finally, due to the redemption of our old Series
A Preferred Stock, no shares of that class exist, and its designation has also been withdrawn. Section
7 – REGULATION FD Item 7.01 | Regulation FD Disclosure On
May 16, 2019, we released the press release furnished herewith as Exhibit 99.1. Section
8 – OTHER EVENTS Item 8.01 | Other Events As
a result of our acquisition of Red Cat and the resulting transition in business focus, investors in our common stock may face
different and/or additional risks than those previously applicable to investors in the company. Certain risks relating to the
business and operations of Red Cat are as follows: Risks
Related to Our Company and Business If
we do not obtain additional financing, our business development plans will be delayed and we may not achieve profitable operations. We
will require significant additional capital to execute on our business development plans. We intend to seek additional funds through
private placements of our common stock or other securities. Our business plan calls for incurring expenses for the ongoing development
and marketing of our Blockbox product. If no additional financing is secured, we may have to significantly curtail our plan of
operations. If that is the case, our business will not grow as desired. Our ability to raise additional financing is unknown.
We do not have any formal commitments or arrangements for the advancement of funds. Consequently, there can be no assurance that
we will be able to obtain access to capital as and when needed or, if so, that the terms of any available financing will be commercially
reasonable. If we are unable to raise suitable financing, our business development plans may be delayed and we may be unable to
achieve profitable operations. Since
we have limited operating history and no revenues from operations to date, we can provide no assurance that we will be able to
achieve or maintain profitability. The likelihood of our success must be considered in light of the problems, expenses, difficulties,
complications and delays frequently encountered by a newer enterprise. We
have limited financial resources and have not yet generated revenues. The likelihood of our success must be considered in light
of the problems, expenses, difficulties, complications and delays frequently encountered by an emerging growth company starting
a new business enterprise and the highly competitive environment in which we will operate. Since we have a limited operating history
and lack a track record of revenues, we cannot assure you that our business will be profitable or that we will ever generate sufficient
revenues to fully meet our expenses and totally support our anticipated activities. Our
ability to continue as a business and implement our business plan will depend on our ability to raise sufficient funds. There
is no assurance that any debt or equity offerings will be successful or that we will remain in business or be able to implement
our business plan if the offerings are not successful. If
we experience difficulties in introducing our products, we may experience negative publicity, loss of sales, a delay in market
acceptance, or customer dissatisfaction. Our
future financial performance depends on the successful and timely development, introduction and market acceptance of our Black
Box product, together with such additional upgrades and improvements as will be implemented in the future. The market for drone
data analytics services and related data storage is an emerging one characterized by rapid technological change, changing customer
needs and evolving industry standards. The introduction of products or computer systems employing new technologies and new, competing
industry standards could render our products obsolete and unmarketable, or cause customers to defer orders for our product. In
order to grow revenues, we will depend on ever-increasing market acceptance of our products and, ultimately, the adoption of our
products as new industry standards. Therefore, it is important that our customers are satisfied with their initial product implementations. If
the implementation of our product proves difficult, costly or time-consuming, our customers could become dissatisfied. Our
products may need to integrate with many different disparate systems operated by our customers. If this integration proves to
be complex, time consuming or expensive, or causes delays in the deployment of our products, customers may become dissatisfied
with our products, resulting in reduced sales, decreased revenues and damage to our reputation. If
we are unable to successfully market our products or our products do not perform as expected, our business and financial condition
will be adversely affected. We
are subject to the risks generally associated with new product introductions and applications, including lack of market acceptance
and failure of products to perform as expected. There can be no assurance that we will be successful in marketing our Black Box
product to the drone community. Our success will depend on our ability to grow our customer network and to develop additional
sales channels on cost-effective terms. Our marketing efforts may not be sufficient to generate significant and ongoing sales.
Further, if our products do not perform as expected by consumers, either in terms of technological performance, ease-of-use, or
perceived value, our ability to expand our product distribution and grow overall sales will be severely impaired. Because
of pressures from competitors with more resources, we may fail to implement our business strategy profitably. The
market for drone data analytics and related services is competitive and we expect competition to increase in the future. We
will compete with larger and more established companies that have longer operating histories, greater name recognition, access
to larger customer bases and distribution networks, and significantly greater financial, technical and marketing resources than
we do. As a result, they may be able to adapt more quickly to changes in technology and customer needs and they may devote
greater resources to the promotion and sale of their products than we will. In addition, they may have more firmly established
financial and sales relationships in the industry. Therefore, we cannot be sure that we will be able to successfully implement
our business strategy in the face of such competition. If we cannot compete effectively, we may experience low gross margins or
a failure to establish and maintain market share, either of which will materially adversely affect our business, operating results
and financial condition. If
we are unable to manage growth, our operations could be adversely affected. Our
progress is expected to require the full utilization of our management, financial and other resources, which to date has occurred
with limited working capital. Our ability to manage growth effectively will depend on our ability to improve and expand operations,
including our financial and management information systems, and to recruit, train and manage sales, management, and technical
personnel. There can be no assurance that management will be able to manage growth effectively. If
we do not properly manage the growth of our business, we may experience significant strains on our management and operations and
disruptions in our business. Various risks arise when companies grow quickly. If our business or industry grows too quickly, our
ability to meet customer demand in a timely and efficient manner could be challenged. We may also experience development delays
as we seek to meet increased demand for our products. Our failure to properly manage the growth we might experience could negatively
impact our ability to execute on our operating plan and, accordingly, could have an adverse impact on our business, our cash flow
and results of operations, and our reputation with our current or potential customers. Our
business and growth may suffer if we are unable to attract and retain key employees. Our
ability to expand operations to accommodate our anticipated growth will also depend on our ability to attract and retain qualified
media, management, finance, marketing, sales and technical personnel. However, competition for these types of employees is intense
due to the limited number of qualified professionals. Our ability to meet our business development objectives will depend in part
on our ability to recruit, train and retain top quality people with advanced skills who understand our business. We hope that
we will be able to attract competent employees, but no assurance can be given that we will be successful in this regard. If we
are unable to engage and retain the necessary personnel, our business may be materially and adversely affected. Risks
Related to General Legal Uncertainty If
we are the subject of significant future product liability or related lawsuits, our business will likely fail. As
a seller of services for the computerized analysis of drone aircraft performance, we face some risk that our data analytics and
related services may be alleged to have failed to detect or prevent a drone malfunction that results in damage to persons or property.
We currently do not maintain product liability or general liability insurance and we may not be able to obtain such coverage in
the future or such coverage may not be adequate to cover all potential claims. Moreover, even if we are able to maintain sufficient
insurance coverage in the future, any successful claim could significantly harm our business, financial condition and results
of operations. If
we are unable to protect our intellectual property, we may lose valuable assets. Our
ability to compete will depend upon our proprietary software and related technologies. We rely on trade secret and patent laws
to protect our intellectual property. Despite our efforts to protect our intellectual property, a third party could copy or otherwise
obtain our software or other proprietary information without authorization, or could develop software competitive to ours. Our
means of protecting our proprietary rights may not be adequate and our competitors may independently develop similar technology
or duplicate our products. We
may have to resort to litigation to enforce our intellectual property rights, to protect our trade secrets or know-how, or to
determine their scope, validity or enforceability. Enforcing or defending our proprietary technologies could be expensive, could
cause the diversion of our resources, and may not prove successful. Our protective measures may prove inadequate to protect our
proprietary rights, and any failure to enforce or protect our rights could cause us to lose a valuable asset. Section
9 – FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND EXHIBITS Item 9.01 | Financial Statements and Exhibits Exhibit No. | Description
3.1 | Certificate of Withdrawal of Certificate of Designation
3.2 | Certificate of Designation for Series A Preferred Stock
3.3 | Certificate of Designation for Series B Preferred Stock
10.1 | Share Exchange Agreement with Red Cat Propware, Inc.
10.2 | Warrant issued to Cavalry Fund I LP
10.3 | Restricted Stock Unit Agreement with Jonathan Read
10.4 | Securities Exchange Agreement with Cavalry Fund I LP
10.5 | Securities Exchange Agreement with L1 Capital Global Opportunities Master Fund Ltd.
10.6 | Securities Exchange Agreement with Digital Power Lending, LLC
10.7 | Securities Exchange Agreement with Gary Smith
10.8 | Securities Exchange Agreement with Edward Slade Mead
10.9 | Letter Agreement with Jonathan Read
99.1 | Press Release SIGNATURES Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on behalf
of the undersigned hereunto duly authorized. TimeFireVR, Inc.
Date: May 16, 2019 | By: /s/ Jeffrey Thompson
Jeffrey Thompson
President and Chief Executive Officer