S-3 1 forms-3.htm S-3 As
filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on September 15, 2025. Registration
No. 333 - ______ UNITED
STATES SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington,
D.C. 20549 FORM
S-3 REGISTRATION
STATEMENT UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933 RED
CAT HOLDINGS, INC. (Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter) Nevada | 7372 | 88-0490034
(State or jurisdiction of | (Primary Standard Industrial | (I.R.S. Employer
incorporation or organization) | Classification Code Number) | Identification No.) 15
Ave. Munoz Rivera, Ste. 2200 San
Juan, PR 00901 (800)
466-9152 (Address,
including zip code, and telephone number, including area code of registrant’s principal executive offices) VCorp
Services, LLC 701
S. Carson St., Ste. 200 Carson
City, NV 89701 (888)
528-2677 (Name,
address, including zip code, and telephone number, including area code, of agent for service) Copies
to: John
Tishler, Esq. Alexander M. Schwartz, Esq. Sheppard
Mullin Richter & Hampton LLP 12275
El Camino Real, Suite 100 San
Diego, CA 92130 Telephone:
(858) 720-8900 Approximate
date of commencement of proposed sale to the public: From time to time after the effective date of this registration statement. If
the only securities being registered on this Form are being offered pursuant to dividend or interest reinvestment plans, please check
the following box: ☐ If
any of the securities being registered on this Form are to be offered on a delayed or continuous basis pursuant to Rule 415 under the
Securities Act of 1933 check the following box. ☒ If
this Form is filed to register additional securities for an offering pursuant to Rule 462(b) under the Securities Act, please check the
following and list the Securities Act registration statement number of the earlier effective registration statement for the same offering.
☐ If
this Form is a post-effective amendment filed pursuant to Rule 462(c) under the Securities Act, check the following box and list the
Securities Act registration statement number of the earlier effective registration statement for the same offering. ☐ If
this Form is a registration statement pursuant to General Instruction I.D. or a post-effective amendment thereto that shall become effective
upon filing with the Commission pursuant to Rule 462(e) under the Securities Act, check the following box. ☐ If
this Form is a post-effective amendment to a registration statement filed pursuant to General Instruction I.D. filed to register additional
securities or additional classes of securities pursuant to Rule 413(b) under the Securities Act, check the following box. ☐ Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting
company or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of “large accelerated filer,” “accelerated filer”,
“smaller reporting company” and “emerging growth company” in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. Large accelerated filer | ☐ | Accelerated filer | ☐
Non-accelerated filer | ☒ | Smaller reporting company | ☒
Emerging growth company | ☐ If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. ☐ The
registrant hereby amends this Registration Statement on such date or dates as may be necessary to delay its effective date until the
registrant shall file a further amendment which specifically states that this registration statement shall thereafter become effective
in accordance with Section 8(a) of the Securities Act of 1933, or until this Registration Statement shall become effective on such date
as the Securities and Exchange Commission, acting pursuant to Section 8(a), may determine. The
information contained in this prospectus is not complete and may be changed. We may not sell these securities or accept an offer to buy
these securities until the registration statement filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission of which this prospectus forms a
part is effective. This prospectus is not an offer to sell these securities, and it is not soliciting offers to buy these securities
in any state where such offer or sale is not permitted. SUBJECT
TO COMPLETION, DATED SEPTEMBER 15, 2025 PROSPECTUS Red
Cat Holdings, Inc. $300,000,000 Common
Stock Preferred
Stock Warrants Units From
time to time, we may offer up to $300,000,000 of any combination of the securities described in this prospectus in one or more offerings.
We may also offer securities as may be issuable upon conversion, redemption, repurchase, exchange or exercise of any securities registered
hereunder, including pursuant to any applicable antidilution provisions. This
prospectus provides a general description of the securities we may offer. Each time we offer securities, we will provide specific terms
of the securities offered in a supplement to this prospectus. We may also authorize one or more free writing prospectuses to be provided
to you in connection with these offerings. The prospectus supplement and any related free writing prospectus may also add, update, or
change information contained in this prospectus. You should carefully read this prospectus, the applicable prospectus supplement, and
any related free writing prospectus, as well as any documents incorporated by reference into any of the foregoing, before you invest
in any of the securities being offered. This
prospectus may not be used to consummate a sale of any securities unless accompanied by a prospectus supplement. Our
common stock is currently listed on The Nasdaq Capital Market under the symbol “RCAT.” On September 11, 2025, the
last reported sales price for our common stock on The Nasdaq Capital Market was $10.99 per share. The applicable prospectus supplement
will contain information, where applicable, as to any other listing on The Nasdaq Capital Market or any securities market or other exchange
of the securities, if any, covered by such prospectus supplement. We
may sell these securities directly to investors, through agents designated from time to time or to or through underwriters or dealers,
on a continuous or delayed basis. For additional information on the methods of sale, you should refer to the section titled “Plan
of Distribution” in this prospectus and in the prospectus supplement for the applicable offering. If any agents or underwriters
are involved in the sale of any securities with respect to which this prospectus is being delivered, the names of such agents or underwriters
and any applicable fees, commissions, discounts or over-allotment options will be set forth in a prospectus supplement. The price to
the public of such securities and the net proceeds we expect to receive from such sale will also be set forth in a prospectus supplement. Investing
in our securities involves a high degree of risk. You should carefully review the risks and uncertainties described under the heading
“Risk Factors” on page 5 of this prospectus as well as those described in the applicable prospectus supplement and
any related free writing prospectus, and under similar headings in the other documents that are incorporated by reference into this prospectus. Neither
the Securities and Exchange Commission nor any state securities commission has approved or disapproved of these securities or determined
if this prospectus is truthful or complete. Any representation to the contrary is a criminal offense. The
date of this prospectus is , 2025. TABLE
OF CONTENTS Page
About this Prospectus | 1
Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements | 2
Prospectus Summary | 3
Risk Factors | 5
Use of Proceeds | 6
Description of Capital Stock | 7
Description of Warrants | 11
Description of Units | 14
Plan of Distribution | 15
Experts | 18
Where You Can Find More Information | 18
Incorporation of Certain Documents by Reference | 19 You
should rely only on information contained in this prospectus. We have not authorized anyone to provide you with additional information
or information different from that contained in this prospectus. Neither the delivery of this prospectus nor the sale of our securities
means that the information contained in this prospectus is correct after the date of this prospectus. This prospectus is not an offer
to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy our securities in any circumstances under which the offer or solicitation is unlawful
or in any state or other jurisdiction where the offer is not permitted. i ABOUT
THIS PROSPECTUS This
prospectus is part of a registration statement that we filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, or SEC, using a “shelf”
registration process. Under this shelf registration process, we may sell any combination of the securities described in this prospectus
in one of more offerings up to a total dollar amount of proceeds of $300,000,000. This prospectus describes the general manner in which
our securities may be offered by this prospectus. Each time we sell securities, we will provide a prospectus supplement that will contain
specific information about the terms of that offering. The prospectus supplement may also add, update or change information contained
in this prospectus or in documents incorporated by reference in this prospectus. The prospectus supplement that contains specific information
about the terms of the securities being offered may also include a discussion of certain U.S. Federal income tax consequences and any
risk factors or other special considerations applicable to those securities. To the extent that any statement that we make in a prospectus
supplement is inconsistent with statements made in this prospectus or in documents incorporated by reference in this prospectus, you
should rely on the information in the prospectus supplement. You should carefully read both this prospectus and any prospectus supplement
together with the additional information described under “Where You Can Find More Information” before buying any securities
in this offering. The
terms “Red Cat,” “Red Cat Holdings,” the “Company,” “we,” “our” or “us”
in this prospectus refer to Red Cat Holdings, Inc., unless the context suggests otherwise. THIS
PROSPECTUS MAY NOT BE USED TO CONSUMMATE A SALE OF SECURITIES UNLESS IT IS ACCOMPANIED BY A PROSPECTUS SUPPLEMENT. Neither
we, nor any agent, underwriter or dealer has authorized any person to give any information or to make any representation other than those
contained or incorporated by reference into this prospectus, any applicable prospectus supplement or any related free writing prospectus
prepared by or on behalf of us or to which we have referred you. This prospectus, any applicable supplement to this prospectus or any
related free writing prospectus do not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any securities other than the
registered securities to which they relate, nor do this prospectus, any applicable supplement to this prospectus or any related free
writing prospectus constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy securities in any jurisdiction to any person to
whom it is unlawful to make such offer or solicitation in such jurisdiction. You
should not assume that the information contained in this prospectus, any applicable prospectus supplement or any related free writing
prospectus is accurate on any date subsequent to the date set forth on the front of such document or that any information we have incorporated
by reference is correct on any date subsequent to the date of the document incorporated by reference, even though this prospectus, any
applicable prospectus supplement or any related free writing prospectus is delivered, or securities are sold, on a later date. This
prospectus and the information incorporated herein by reference contains summaries of certain provisions contained in some of the documents
described herein, but reference is made to the actual documents for complete information. All of the summaries are qualified in their
entirety by the actual documents. Copies of some of the documents referred to herein have been filed, will be filed or will be incorporated
by reference as exhibits to the registration statement of which this prospectus is a part, and you may obtain copies of those documents
as described below under the heading “Where You Can Find More Information.” We further note that the representations, warranties
and covenants made by us in any agreement that is filed as an exhibit to any document that is incorporated by reference in this prospectus
were made solely for the benefit of the parties to such agreement, including, in some cases, for the purposes of allocating risk among
the parties to such agreements, and should not be deemed to be a representation, warranty or covenant to you. Moreover, such representations,
warranties and covenants should not be relied on as accurately representing the current state of our affairs. - 1 - CAUTIONARY
STATEMENT REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS This
prospectus contains certain forward-looking statements which are made pursuant to the safe harbor provisions of Section 27A of the Securities
Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”), and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “Exchange
Act”). Any statements in this Prospectus, including information incorporated by reference herein, as well as any other oral or
written statement made in press releases or otherwise by us or on our behalf, about our expectations, beliefs, plans, objectives, assumptions
or future events or performance are not historical facts and are forward-looking statements. These statements are often, but not always,
made through the use of words or phrases such as “may,” “should,” “believes,” “will,”
“expects,” “anticipates,” “estimates,” “predicts,” “potential,” “continues,”
“intends,” “plans” and “would” or the negative of these terms or other comparable terminology. For
example, statements concerning financial condition, possible or assumed future results of operations, growth opportunities, and plans
are all forward-looking statements. Our forward-looking statements are based on a series of expectations, assumptions, estimates and
projections about our company, are not guarantees of future results or performance and involve substantial risks and uncertainty. They
involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and assumptions that may cause actual results, levels of activity, performance or achievements
to differ materially from any results, levels of activity, performance or achievements expressed or implied by any forward-looking statement.
We may not actually achieve the plans, intentions or expectations disclosed in these forward-looking statements. Our business and our
forward-looking statements involve substantial known and unknown risks and uncertainties, including the risks and uncertainties inherent
in our statements regarding: ● | the market and sales success of our existing and any new products;
● | our ability to raise capital when needed and on acceptable terms;
● | our ability to make acquisitions and integrate acquired businesses into our company;
● | our ability to attract and retain management;
● | the intensity of competition;
● | changes in the political and regulatory environment and in business and economic conditions in the United States and globally;
● | changes in macroeconomic conditions, including inflation, interest rates, and geopolitical conflicts;
● | the imposition or increase of tariffs and other trade barriers that could impact the cost of raw materials, components, and finished goods;
● | delays or disruptions in our supply chain due to global trade restrictions or political instability; and
● | fluctuations in customer demand in response to broader economic conditions. All
of our forward-looking statements are as of the date of this prospectus only. In each case, actual results may differ materially from
such forward-looking information. We can give no assurance that such expectations or forward-looking statements will prove to be correct.
An occurrence of, or any material adverse change in, one or more of the risk factors or risks and uncertainties referred to in this prospectus
or included in our other public disclosures or our other periodic reports or other documents or filings filed with or furnished to the
SEC could materially and adversely affect our business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations. Except as required
by law, we do not undertake or plan to update or revise any such forward-looking statements to reflect actual results, changes in plans,
assumptions, estimates or projections or other circumstances affecting such forward-looking statements occurring after the date of this
prospectus, even if such results, changes or circumstances make it clear that any forward-looking information will not be realized. Any
public statements or disclosures by us following this prospectus that modify or impact any of the forward-looking statements contained
in this prospectus will be deemed to modify or supersede such statements in this prospectus. - 2 - PROSPECTUS
SUMMARY Overview We
are a drone technology company integrating robotic hardware and software for military, government and commercial operations. The Company
was originally incorporated under the laws of the State of Colorado in 1984 under the name Oravest International, Inc. In November 2016,
we changed our name to TimefireVR, Inc. and re-incorporated in Nevada. In May 2019, the Company completed a share exchange agreement
with Propware which resulted in the Propware shareholders acquiring an 83% ownership interest, and management control, of the Company.
In connection with the share exchange agreement, we changed our name to Red Cat Holdings, Inc. and our operating focus to the drone industry. Prior
to the share exchange agreement, Propware was focused on the research and development of software solutions that could provide secure
cloud-based analytics, storage and services for the drone industry. Following the share exchange agreement and name change, Red Cat has
completed a series of acquisitions and financings which have broadened the scope of its activities in the drone industry. These acquisitions
included: ● | In January 2020, we acquired Rotor Riot, a reseller of drones and related parts, primarily to the consumer marketplace through its digital storefront located at www.rotorriot.com. The total purchase price was $2.0 million. Rotor Riot was sold in February 2024 to Unusual Machines.
● | In November 2020, we acquired Fat Shark which sells consumer electronics products to the first-person view sector of the drone industry. Fat Shark’s flagship products are headsets with a built-in display (or “goggles”) that allow a pilot to see a real-time video feed from a camera typically mounted on an aerial platform or drone. The total purchase price was $8.4 million. Fat Shark was sold in February 2024 to Unusual Machines.
● | In May 2021, we acquired Skypersonic, a provider of drone products and software solutions that enable drone inspection flights that can be executed by pilots anywhere in the world. Skypersonic powers drones to “Fly Anywhere” and “Inspect the Impossible”. Its patented software and hardware solutions allow for inspection services in restricted spaces where GPS is denied or unavailable. The total purchase price was $2.8 million. Skypersonic’s technology has been redirected to military applications and its operations consolidated into Teal.
● | In August 2021, we acquired Teal, a leader in providing sophisticated and complex unmanned aerial vehicle technology, primarily drones, to government and commercial enterprises, most notably, the military. Teal manufactures drones approved by the U.S. Department of Defense for reconnaissance, public safety, and inspection applications. The total purchase price was $10.0 million. ● | In September 2024, we acquired FlightWave Aerospace Systems Corporation, an industry-leading provider of VTOL drone, sensor and software solutions, under an Asset Purchase Agreement. As part of the acquisition, we created a new subsidiary, FW Acquisition Inc. for ongoing operations. The total purchase price was $14.0 million. Corporate
Information Our
principal executive offices are located at 15 Ave. Munoz Rivera Ste 2200, San Juan, Puerto Rico 00901 and our telephone number at that
address is (800) 466-9152. We maintain a corporate website at www.redcat.red and an investor relations website at ir.redcatholdings.com.
None of the information on or accessible through our websites is incorporated by reference in, or constitutes a part of, this prospectus
or in any other filings with, or in any information furnished or submitted to, the SEC. - 3 - Listing Our
common stock is currently quoted on The Nasdaq Capital Market under the ticker symbol “RCAT.” The
Securities We May Offer We
may offer common stock, preferred stock, warrants, or units, up to a total aggregate offering price of $300,000,000 from time
to time in one or more offerings under this prospectus, the prospectus supplement for the applicable offering and any related free writing
prospectus, at prices and on terms to be determined by market conditions at the time of the relevant offering. This prospectus provides
you with a general description of the securities we may offer. Each time we offer a type or series of securities under this prospectus,
we will provide a prospectus supplement that will describe the specific amounts, prices and other important terms of the securities,
including, to the extent applicable: ● | designation or classification;
● | aggregate principal amount or aggregate offering price;
● | maturity;
● | original issue discount;
● | rates and times of payment of interest or dividends;
● | redemption, conversion, exchange or sinking fund terms;
● | ranking;
● | restrictive covenants;
● | voting or other rights;
● | conversion or exchange prices or rates and any provisions for changes to or adjustments in the conversion or exchange prices or rates and in the securities or other property receivable upon conversion or exchange; and
● | important U.S. federal income tax considerations. The
prospectus supplement and any related free writing prospectus that we may authorize to be provided to you may also add, update or change
information contained in this prospectus or in documents we have incorporated by reference. However, no prospectus supplement or free
writing prospectus will offer a security that is not registered and described in this prospectus at the time of the effectiveness of
the registration statement of which this prospectus is a part. We
may sell the securities directly to investors or through underwriters, dealers or agents. We, and our underwriters or agents, reserve
the right to accept or reject all or part of any proposed purchase of securities. If we do offer securities through underwriters or agents,
we will include in the applicable prospectus supplement: ● | the names of those underwriters or agents;
● | applicable fees, discounts and commissions to be paid to them;
● | details regarding over-allotment options, if any; and
● | the estimated net proceeds to us. This
prospectus may not be used to consummate a sale of securities unless it is accompanied by a prospectus supplement - 4 - RISK
FACTORS Investing
in our securities involves a high degree of risk. You should carefully review the risks and uncertainties described under the heading
“Risk Factors” contained in the applicable prospectus supplement and any related free writing prospectus, and under similar
headings in our most recent Transition Report on Form 10-KT, as updated by our subsequent quarterly reports on Form 10-Q and other future
filings, reports and documents under the Exchange Act, that are incorporated by reference into this prospectus and the applicable prospectus
supplement, before deciding whether to purchase any of the securities being registered pursuant to the registration statement of which
this prospectus is a part. Each of the risk factors could adversely affect our business, results of operations, and financial condition,
as well as adversely affect the value of an investment in our securities, and the occurrence of any of these risks might cause you to
lose all or part of your investment. Additional risks not presently known to us or that we currently believe are immaterial may also
significantly impair our business operations. In
addition, please read the section of this prospectus captioned “Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements,”
in which we describe additional uncertainties associated with our business and the forward-looking statements included or incorporated
by reference in this prospectus. Please note that additional risks not presently known to us or that we currently deem immaterial may
also impair our business and operations. Investment in the securities offered pursuant to this prospectus involves risks and uncertainties.
Our business, financial condition, results of operations or liquidity could be materially adversely affected by any of these risks. The
market or trading price of our securities could decline due to any of these risks, and you may lose all or part of your investment. - 5 - USE
OF PROCEEDS We
will retain broad discretion over the use of the net proceeds from the sale of the securities offered hereby. Except as described in
any applicable prospectus supplement or in any free writing prospectuses that we may authorize to be provided to you in connection with
a specific offering, we currently intend to use the net proceeds from the sale of the securities offered hereby, if any, for general
corporate purposes, which may include working capital, capital expenditures, and refinancing or repayment of indebtedness. We may also
use a portion of the net proceeds for acquisitions, although we have no current plans, commitments or agreements with respect to any
acquisitions as of the date of this prospectus. We
will set forth in the applicable prospectus supplement or free writing prospectus our intended use for the net proceeds received from
the sale of any securities sold pursuant to the prospectus supplement or free writing prospectus. - 6 - DESCRIPTION
OF CAPITAL STOCK The
following description of our common stock and preferred stock, together with the additional information we include in any prospectus
supplement and in any related free writing prospectus that we may authorize to be provided to you, summarizes the material terms and
provisions of the common stock and preferred stock that we may offer pursuant to this prospectus. While the terms we have summarized
below will apply generally to any future common stock or preferred stock that we may offer, we will describe the particular terms of
any class or series of these securities in more detail in the particular prospectus supplement and in any related free writing prospectus
that we may authorize to be provided to you. For the complete terms of our common stock and preferred stock, please refer to our current
certificate of incorporation, as amended to date, and our by-laws, as amended to date, which have been filed with the SEC and are incorporated
herein by reference. The terms of these securities may also be affected by the Nevada Revised Statutes, which we refer to as the “NRS”.
The summary below and any update which may be contained in any prospectus supplement and/or and in any related free writing prospectus
that we may authorize to be provided to you is qualified in its entirety by reference to our certificate of incorporation and our by-laws
as either may be amended from time to time after the date of this prospectus, but before the date of any such prospectus supplement and/or
related free writing prospectus. Our
authorized capital stock consists of 500,000,000 shares of common stock, par value $0.001 per share, and 10,000,000 shares of preferred
stock, par value $0.001 per share, of which 2,200,000 shares have been designated Series A Preferred Stock and 4,300,000 shares have
been designated Series B Preferred Stock. As of September 1, 2025, there were (i) 99,792,590 shares of common stock outstanding,
(ii) 0 shares of Series A Preferred Stock outstanding that are convertible into 0 shares of common stock, and (iii) 4,676 shares
of Series B Preferred Stock outstanding that are convertible into 3,896 shares of common stock. Common
Stock The
holders of our common stock are entitled to one vote for each share held of record on all matters submitted to a vote of the stockholders
and do not have cumulative voting rights. Accordingly, holders of a majority of the shares of common stock and preferred stock entitled
to vote in any election of directors may elect all of the directors standing for election. Upon the liquidation, dissolution or winding
up of the Company, holders of our common stock are entitled to share ratably in all assets remaining after payment of liabilities and
the liquidation preferences of any outstanding shares of preferred stock. Holders of common stock have no preemptive rights and no right
to convert their common stock into any other securities. Our common stock has no redemption or sinking fund provisions. All outstanding
shares of common stock are fully paid and non-assessable. Preferred
Stock Pursuant
to our articles of incorporation, our board of directors has the authority, without further action by the stockholders, to issue up to
10,000,000 shares of preferred stock, in one or more series. Our articles of incorporation, as amended, provide that our Board of Directors
has the authority, without further action by the shareholders, to issue shares of preferred stock in one or more series and to fix the
rights, preferences, privileges and restrictions granted to or imposed upon the preferred stock. Preferred stock may be designated and
issued without authorization of shareholders unless such authorization is required by applicable law, the rules of the principal market
or other securities exchange on which our stock is then listed or admitted to trading. Our
Board of Directors may authorize the issuance of preferred stock with voting or conversion rights that could adversely affect the voting
power or other rights of the holders of common stock. The issuance of preferred stock, while providing flexibility in connection with
possible acquisitions and other corporate purposes could, under some circumstances, have the effect of delaying, deferring or preventing
a change in control of the Company. - 7 - All
shares of preferred stock offered hereby will, when issued, be fully paid and nonassessable, including shares of preferred stock issued
upon the exercise of preferred stock warrants or subscription rights, if any. A
prospectus supplement relating to a series of preferred stock offered hereby and any related free writing prospectus that we may authorize
to be provided to you will describe terms of that series of preferred stock, including: ● | the designation and stated value of that series;
● | the number of shares of preferred stock we are offering;
● | the initial public offering price at which the shares of preferred stock will be sold;
● | the dividend rate of that series, the conditions and dates upon which those dividends will be payable, whether those dividends will be cumulative or noncumulative, and, if cumulative, the date from which dividends will accumulate;
● | the process for any auction and remarketing, if any;
● | the relative ranking and preferences of that series as to dividend rights and rights upon any liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the affairs of our company;
● | any redemption, repurchase or sinking fund provisions;
● | any conversion or exchange rights of the holder or us;
● | any voting rights;
● | any preemptive rights;
● | any restrictions on transfer, sale or other assignment;
● | any restrictions on further issuances;
● | whether interests in the preferred stock will be represented by depositary shares;
● | a discussion of any material United States federal income tax considerations applicable to the preferred stock;
● | any application for listing of that series on any securities exchange or market;
● | any limitations on the issuance of any class or series of preferred stock ranking senior to or on a parity with the series of preferred stock as to dividend rights and rights upon liquidation, dissolution or winding up of our affairs; and
● | any other specific terms, preferences, rights or limitations of, or restrictions on, that series of preferred stock. - 8 - Series
A Convertible Preferred Stock On
May 15, 2019, we filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Nevada a Certificate of Designation of Series A Preferred Stock (the
“Series A Certificate of Designation”). Pursuant to the Series A Certificate of Designation, the Company designated 2,200,000
shares of its blank check preferred stock as Series A Preferred Stock. Each share of Series A Preferred Stock has no stated value. In
the event of a liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Company, each share of Series A Preferred Stock will not be entitled to
a per share preferential payment but will be entitled to participate in any distribution out of the assets of the Company on an equal
basis per share with the holders of Common Stock, as if all shares of Series A Preferred Stock had been converted to Common Stock immediately
prior to the distribution. Each share of Series A Preferred Stock is convertible at the option of the holder into 8.33 shares of common
stock for every one share of Series A Preferred Stock held (the “A Conversion Rate”). The A Conversion Rate is subject to
adjustment in the event of stock splits, stock dividends, combination of shares and similar recapitalization transactions. The Company
is prohibited from effecting the conversion of the Series A Preferred Stock to the extent that, as a result of such conversion, the holder
beneficially owns more than 4.99%, in the aggregate, which beneficial ownership limitation may be increased by the holder up to, but
not exceeding, 9.99% of the issued and outstanding shares of the Company’s Common Stock calculated immediately after giving effect
to the issuance of shares of Common Stock upon the conversion of the Series A Preferred Stock (the “Beneficial Ownership Limit”).
The Beneficial Ownership Limit is inapplicable to a shareholder who, in advance issuance of Series A Preferred Stock, specifically waives
such limitations and our Chief Executive Officer, Jeffrey Thompson, waived such limitations. Under the Series A Certificate of Designation,
no consideration (including any modification of this Certificate of Designation or related transaction document) shall be offered or
paid to any person or entity to amend or consent to a waiver or modification of any provision of this Certificate of Designation or related
transaction document unless the same consideration is also offered to all of the holders of the outstanding shares of Series A Preferred
Stock. There are no longer any shares of Series A Preferred Stock outstanding. Series
B Convertible Preferred Stock On
May 13, 2019, we filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Nevada a Certificate of Designation of Series B Preferred Stock (the
“Series B Certificate of Designation”). Pursuant to the Series B Certificate of Designation, the Company designated 4,300,000
shares of its blank check preferred stock as Series B Preferred Stock. Each share of Series B Preferred Stock has no stated value. In
the event of a liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Company, each share of Series B Preferred Stock will not be entitled to
a per share preferential payment but will be entitled to participate in any distribution out of the assets of the Company on an equal
basis per share with the holders of Common Stock, as if all shares of Series B Preferred Stock had been converted to Common Stock immediately
prior to the distribution. Each share of Series B Preferred Stock is convertible at the option of the holder into 0.83 shares of common
stock for every one share of Series B Preferred Stock held (the “B Conversion Rate”). The B Conversion Rate is subject to
adjustment in the event of stock splits, stock dividends, combination of shares and similar recapitalization transactions. The Company
is prohibited from effecting the conversion of the Series B Preferred Stock to the extent that, as a result of such conversion, the holder
beneficially owns more than 4.99%, in the aggregate, which beneficial ownership limitation may be increased by the holder up to, but
not exceeding, 9.99% of the issued and outstanding shares of the Company’s Common Stock calculated immediately after giving effect
to the issuance of shares of Common Stock upon the conversion of the Series B Preferred Stock (the “Beneficial Ownership Limit”).
Under the Series B Certificate of Designation, no consideration (including any modification of this Certificate of Designation or related
transaction document) shall be offered or paid to any person or entity to amend or consent to a waiver or modification of any provision
of this Certificate of Designation or related transaction document unless the same consideration is also offered to all of the holders
of the outstanding shares of Series B Preferred Stock. - 9 - Dividend
Rights Holders
of our common stock are entitled to receive such dividends, if any, as may be declared from time to time by our Board in its discretion
out of funds legally available therefor. In no event will any stock dividends or stock splits or combinations of stock be declared or
made on our common stock unless the shares of common stock at the time outstanding are treated equally and identically. The dividend
rights for holders of our common stock are subject to preferences that may be applicable to any outstanding shares of preferred stock. Anti-Takeover
Effects of Provisions of Our Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation, Our Bylaws and Nevada Law The
NRS contain several provisions which may make a hostile take-over or change of control of our Company more difficult to accomplish. They
include the following: Under
Nevada law, any one or all of the directors of a corporation may be removed by the holders of not less than two-thirds of the voting
power of a corporation’s issued and outstanding stock. All vacancies on the board of directors of a Nevada corporation may be filled
by a majority of the remaining directors, though less than a quorum, unless the articles of incorporation provide otherwise. In addition,
unless otherwise provided in the articles of incorporation, the board may fill the vacancies for the entire remainder of the term of
office of the resigning director or directors. Our Articles of Incorporation do not provide otherwise. In
addition, Nevada law provides that unless otherwise provided in a corporation’s articles of incorporation or bylaws, shareholders
do not have the right to call special meetings. Our articles of incorporation and our bylaws do not give shareholders this right. In
accordance with Nevada law, we also require advance notice of any shareholder proposals. Nevada
law provides that, unless otherwise prohibited by any bylaws adopted by the shareholders, the board of directors may amend any bylaw,
including any bylaw adopted by the shareholders. Pursuant to Nevada law, our articles of incorporation grant the authority to adopt,
amend or repeal bylaws exclusively to our directors. Nevada’s
“combinations with interested stockholders” statutes prohibit certain business “combinations” between certain
Nevada corporations and any person deemed to be an “interested stockholder” for two years after the such person first becomes
an “interested stockholder” unless (i) the corporation’s board of directors approves the combination (or the transaction
by which such person becomes an “interested stockholder”) in advance, or (ii) the combination is approved by the board of
directors and sixty percent of the corporation’s voting power not beneficially owned by the interested stockholder, its affiliates
and associates. Furthermore, in the absence of prior approval, certain restrictions may apply even after such two-year period. For purposes
of these statutes, an “interested stockholder” is any person who is (x) the beneficial owner, directly or indirectly, of
ten percent or more of the voting power of the outstanding voting shares of the corporation, or (y) an affiliate or associate of the
corporation and at any time within the two previous years was the beneficial owner, directly or indirectly, of ten percent or more of
the voting power of the then outstanding shares of the corporation. Subject to certain timing requirements set forth in the statutes,
a corporation may elect not to be governed by these statutes. However, we have not included any such provision in our Articles of Incorporation
or Bylaws, which means these provisions apply to us. Nevada’s
“acquisition of controlling interest” statutes contain provisions governing the acquisition of a controlling interest in
certain Nevada corporations. These “control share” laws provide generally that any person who acquires a “controlling
interest” in certain Nevada corporations may be denied certain voting rights, unless a majority of the disinterested stockholders
of the corporation elects to restore such voting rights. These statutes provide that a person acquires a “controlling interest”
whenever a person acquires shares of a subject corporation that, but for the application of these provisions of the NRS, would enable
that person to exercise (1) one-fifth or more, but less than one-third, (2) one-third or more, but less than a majority or (3) a majority
or more, of all of the voting power of the corporation in the election of directors. Once an acquirer crosses one of these thresholds,
shares which it acquired in the transaction taking it over the threshold and within the 90 days immediately preceding the date when the
acquiring person acquired or offered to acquire a controlling interest become “control shares” to which the voting restrictions
described above apply. Our Articles of Incorporation and Bylaws currently contain no provisions relating to these statutes, and unless
our Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws in effect on the tenth day after the acquisition of a controlling interest were to provide otherwise,
these laws would apply to us if we were to (i) have 200 or more stockholders of record (at least 100 of which have addresses in the State
of Nevada appearing on our stock ledger) and (ii) do business in the State of Nevada directly or through an affiliated corporation. As
of the date of this prospectus, we have less than 100 record stockholders with Nevada addresses. However, if these laws were to apply
to us, they might discourage companies or persons interested in acquiring a significant interest in or control of the company, regardless
of whether such acquisition may be in the interest of our stockholders. Transfer
Agent and Registrar Equity
Stock Transfer, LLC has been appointed as the transfer agent and registrar for our common stock. - 10 - DESCRIPTION
OF WARRANTS The
following description, together with the additional information we may include in any applicable prospectus supplement and in any related
free writing prospectus that we may authorize to be distributed to you, summarizes the material terms and provisions of the warrants
that we may offer under this prospectus, which may consist of warrants to purchase common stock or preferred stock and may be issued
in one or more series. Warrants may be offered independently or in combination with common stock or preferred stock offered by any prospectus
supplement. While the terms we have summarized below will apply generally to any warrants that we may offer under this prospectus, we
will describe the particular terms of any series of warrants in more detail in the applicable prospectus supplement. The following description
of warrants will apply to the warrants offered by this prospectus unless we provide otherwise in the applicable prospectus supplement.
The applicable prospectus supplement for a particular series of warrants may specify different or additional terms. We
will file as exhibits to the registration statement of which this prospectus is a part, or will incorporate by reference from reports
that we file with the SEC, the form of warrant or the warrant agreement and a form of warrant certificate, as applicable, that describes
the terms of the particular series of warrants we are offering, as well as any supplemental agreements, before the issuance of such warrants.
The following summaries of material provisions of the warrants are subject to, and qualified in their entirety by reference to, all the
provisions of the form of warrant or the warrant agreement and warrant certificate, as applicable, and any supplemental agreements applicable
to a particular series of warrants that we may offer under this prospectus. We urge you to read the applicable prospectus supplement
related to the particular series of warrants that we may offer under this prospectus, as well as any related free writing prospectus,
and the complete form of warrant or the warrant agreement and warrant certificate, as applicable, and any supplemental agreements, that
list the terms of the warrants.: ● | the title of the warrants;
● | the aggregate number of warrants;
● | the price or prices at which the warrants may be purchased;
● | the designation and terms of the securities with which the warrants are issued and the number of warrants issued with each such security or each principal amount of such security;
● | in the case of warrants to purchase common stock or preferred stock, the number of shares of common stock or preferred stock, as the case may be, purchasable upon the exercise of one warrant and the price at which these shares may be purchased upon such exercise;
● | the date on and after which the warrants and the related securities will be separately transferable;
● | the effect of any merger, consolidation, sale or other disposition of our business on the warrant agreements and the warrants;
● | the terms of any rights to redeem or call the warrants;
● | the terms of any rights to force the exercise of the warrants;
● | any provisions for changes to or adjustments in the exercise price or number of securities issuable upon exercise of the warrants; - 11 - ● | the date on which the right to exercise the warrants will commence and the date on which the right will expire;
● | the minimum or maximum number of warrants that may be exercised at any one time;
● | the manner in which the warrant agreements and warrants may be modified;
● | information relating to book-entry procedures, if any;
● | a discussion of material U.S. federal income tax considerations of holding or exercising the warrants;
● | any other terms of the warrants, including terms, procedures and limitations relating to the exchange and exercise of the warrants; and
● | any other specific terms, preferences, rights or limitations off or restrictions on the warrants. Before
exercising their warrants, holders of warrants will not have any of the rights of holders of the securities purchasable upon such exercise,
including, in the case of warrants to purchase common stock or preferred stock, the right to receive dividends, if any, or payments upon
our liquidation, dissolution or winding up or to exercise voting rights, if any. Exercise
of Warrants Each
warrant will entitle the holder to purchase the securities or shares of stock at such exercise price that we describe in the applicable
prospectus supplement. Unless we otherwise specify in the applicable prospectus supplement, holders of the warrants may exercise the
warrants at any time up to the close of business on the expiration date that we set forth in the applicable prospectus supplement. After
the close of business on the expiration date, unexercised warrants will become void. Unless
we otherwise specify in the applicable prospectus supplement, holders of the warrants may exercise the warrants by delivering the warrant
certificate representing the warrants to be exercised together with specified information and paying the required amount to the warrant
agent in immediately available funds, as provided in the applicable prospectus supplement. We will set forth on the reverse side of the
warrant certificate and in the applicable prospectus supplement the information that the holder of the warrant will be required to deliver
to the warrant agent in connection with the exercise of the warrant. Upon
receipt of the required payment and the warrant or warrant certificate, as applicable, properly completed and duly executed at the corporate
trust office of the warrant agent, if any, or any other office indicated in the applicable prospectus supplement, we will issue and deliver
the securities purchasable upon such exercise. If fewer than all of the warrants or of the warrants represented by such warrant certificate,
as applicable, are exercised, then we will issue a new warrant or warrant certificate, as applicable, for the remaining number of warrants.
If we so indicate in the applicable prospectus supplement, holders of the warrants may surrender securities as all or part of the exercise
price for warrants. - 12 - Governing
Law Unless
we provide otherwise in the applicable prospectus supplement, the warrants and warrant agreements, and any claim, controversy or dispute
arising under or related to the warrants or warrant agreements, will be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the
State of New York. Enforceability
of Rights by Holders of Warrants Each
warrant agent, if any, will act solely as our agent under the applicable warrant agreement and will not assume any obligation or relationship
of agency or trust with any holder of any warrant. A single bank or trust company may act as warrant agent for more than one issue of
warrants. A warrant agent will have no duty or responsibility in case of any default by us under the applicable warrant agreement or
warrant, including any duty or responsibility to initiate any proceedings at law or otherwise, or to make any demand upon us. Any holder
of a warrant may, without the consent of the related warrant agent or the holder of any other warrant, enforce by appropriate legal action
its right to exercise, and receive the securities purchasable upon exercise of, its warrants. Amendments
and Supplements to the Warrant Agreements We
may amend or supplement a warrant agreement without the consent of the holders of the applicable warrants to cure ambiguities in the
warrant agreement, to cure or correct a defective provision in the warrant agreement, or to provide for other matters under the warrant
agreement that we and the warrant agent deem necessary or desirable, so long as, in each case, such amendments or supplements do not
materially adversely affect the interests of the holders of the warrants. Warrant
Adjustments Unless
the applicable prospectus supplement states otherwise, the exercise price of, and the number of securities covered by, a warrant to purchase
shares of common stock or preferred stock will be adjusted proportionately if we subdivide or combine common stock or preferred stock,
as applicable. In addition, unless the prospectus supplement states otherwise, if we, without payment: ● | issue capital stock or other securities convertible into or exchangeable for preferred stock or common stock, or any rights to subscribe for, purchase or otherwise acquire either class of capital stock, as a dividend or distribution to holders of our preferred stock or common stock;
● | pay any cash to holders of our preferred stock or common stock other than a cash dividend paid out of our current or retained earnings or other than in accordance with the terms of the preferred stock;
● | issue any evidence of our indebtedness or rights to subscribe for or purchase our indebtedness to holders of our preferred stock or common stock; or
● | issue preferred stock or common stock or additional stock or other securities or property to holders of our preferred stock or common stock by way of spinoff, split-up, reclassification, combination of shares or similar corporate rearrangement, then
the holders of warrants will be entitled to receive upon exercise of the warrants, in addition to the securities otherwise receivable
upon exercise of the warrants and without paying any additional consideration, the amount of stock and other securities and property
those holders would have been entitled to receive had they held the preferred stock or common stock, as applicable, issuable under the
warrants on the dates on which holders of those securities received or became entitled to receive the additional stock and other securities
and property. Except
as stated above, the exercise price and number of securities covered by a preferred stock or common stock warrant, and the amounts of
other securities or property to be received, if any, upon exercise of those warrants, will not be adjusted or provided for if we issue
those securities or any securities convertible into or exchangeable for those securities, or securities carrying the right to purchase
those securities or securities convertible into or exchangeable for those securities. Holders
of preferred stock or common stock warrants may have additional rights under the following circumstances: ● | certain reclassifications, capital reorganizations or changes of the preferred stock or common stock, as applicable;
● | certain share exchanges, mergers, or similar transactions involving our company, and which result in changes of preferred stock or common stock, as applicable; or
● | certain sales or dispositions to another entity of all or substantially all of our property and assets. If
one of the above transactions occurs and holders of our preferred stock or common stock are entitled to receive capital stock, securities
or other property with respect to or in exchange for their securities, the holders of the preferred stock or common stock warrants then
outstanding, as applicable, will be entitled to receive upon exercise of their warrants the kind and amount of shares of capital stock
and other securities or property that they would have received upon the applicable transaction if they had exercised their warrants immediately
before the transaction. - 13 - DESCRIPTION
OF UNITS This
section outlines some of the provisions of the units and the unit agreements. This information may not be complete in all respects and
is qualified entirely by reference to the unit agreement with respect to the units of any particular series. The specific terms of any
series of units will be described in the applicable prospectus supplement or free writing prospectus. If so described in a particular
prospectus supplement or free writing prospectus, the specific terms of any series of units may differ from the general description of
terms presented below. As
specified in the applicable prospectus supplement, we may issue units consisting of one or more shares of common stock, shares of preferred
stock, warrants or any combination of such securities. ● | the terms of the units and of any of the common stock, preferred stock and warrants comprising the units, including whether and under what circumstances the securities comprising the units may be traded separately;
● | a description of the terms of any unit agreement governing the units;
● | if appropriate, a discussion of material U.S. federal income tax considerations; and
● | a description of the provisions for the payment, settlement, transfer or exchange of the units. - 14 - PLAN
OF DISTRIBUTION We
may sell our securities in any one or more of the following ways: ● | to or through underwriters, brokers or dealers (acting as agent or principal);
● | directly to one or more other purchasers;
● | upon the exercise of rights distributed or issued to our security holders;
● | through a block trade in which the broker or dealer engaged to handle the block trade will attempt to sell the securities as agent, but may position and resell a portion of the block as principal to facilitate the transaction;
● | in “at the market” offerings within the meaning of Rule 415(a)(4) under the Securities Act or through a market maker or into an existing market, on an exchange, or otherwise;
● | directly to purchasers, through a specific bidding or auction process, on a negotiated basis or otherwise;
● | through agents on a best-efforts basis;
● | through any other method permitted pursuant to applicable law; or
● | otherwise through a combination of any of the above methods of sale. Sales
of securities may be affected from time to time in one or more transactions, including negotiated transactions: ● | at a fixed price or prices, which may be changed;
● | at market prices prevailing at the time of sale;
● | at prices related to prevailing market prices;
● | at varying prices determined at the time of sale; or
● | at negotiated prices. In
addition, we may enter into option, share lending or other types of transactions that require us to deliver shares of common stock to
an underwriter, broker or dealer, who will then resell or transfer the shares of common stock under this prospectus. We may also enter
into hedging transactions with respect to our securities. For example, we may enter into option or other types of transactions that require
us to deliver shares of common stock to an underwriter, broker or dealer, who will then resell or transfer the shares of common stock
under this prospectus; or loan or pledge the shares of common stock to an underwriter, broker or dealer, who may sell the loaned shares
or, in the event of default, sell the pledged shares. - 15 - We
may enter into derivative transactions with third parties, or sell securities not covered by this prospectus to third parties in privately
negotiated transactions. If the applicable prospectus supplement so indicates, in connection with those derivatives, the third parties
may sell securities covered by this prospectus and the applicable prospectus supplement, including in short sale transactions. If so,
the third party may use securities pledged by us or borrowed from us or others to settle those sales or to close out any related open
borrowings of stock and may use securities received from us in settlement of those derivatives to close out any related open borrowings
of stock. The third party in such sale transactions will be an underwriter and, if not identified in this prospectus, will be identified
in the applicable prospectus supplement (or a post-effective amendment of the registration statement of which this prospectus is a part).
In addition, we may otherwise loan or pledge securities to a financial institution or other third party that in turn may sell the securities
short using this prospectus. Such financial institution or other third party may transfer its economic short position to investors in
our securities or in connection with a concurrent offering of other securities. If
we use any underwriter, the prospectus supplement will name any underwriter involved in the offer and sale of the securities. If underwriters
or dealers are used in the sale, the securities will be acquired by the underwriters or dealers for their own account. The prospectus
supplement will also set forth the terms of the offering, including: ● | the purchase price of the securities and the proceeds we will receive from the sale of the securities;
● | any underwriting discounts and other items constituting underwriters’ compensation;
● | any public offering or purchase price and any discounts or commissions allowed or re-allowed or paid to dealers;
● | any commissions allowed or paid to agents;
● | any securities exchanges on which the securities may be listed;
● | the method of distribution of the securities;
● | the terms of any agreement, arrangement or understanding entered into with the underwriters, brokers or dealers; and
● | any other information we think is important. The
securities may be offered to the public either through underwriting syndicates represented by one or more managing underwriters or directly
by one or more of such firms. Unless otherwise set forth in the prospectus supplement, the obligations of underwriters or dealers to
purchase the securities offered will be subject to certain conditions precedent and the underwriters or dealers will be obligated to
purchase all of the offered securities if any are purchased. Any public offering price and any discount or concession allowed or reallowed
or paid by underwriters or dealers to other dealers may be changed from time to time. The
securities may be sold directly by us through agents designated by us from time to time. Any agent involved in the offer or sale of the
securities in respect of which this prospectus is delivered will be named in, and any commissions payable by us to such agent will be
set forth in, the prospectus supplement. Unless otherwise indicated in the prospectus supplement, any such agent will be acting on a
best-efforts basis for the period of its appointment. - 16 - Offers
to purchase the securities offered by this prospectus may be solicited, and sales of the securities may be made by us directly to institutional
investors or others, who may be deemed to be underwriters within the meaning of the Securities Act with respect to any resale of the
securities. The terms of any offer made in this manner will be included in the prospectus supplement relating to the offer. If indicated
in the applicable prospectus supplement, underwriters, dealers or agents will be authorized to solicit offers by certain institutional
investors to purchase securities from us pursuant to contracts providing for payment and delivery at a future date on the terms set forth
in the applicable prospectus supplement. Broker-dealers
or agents involved in an arrangement to sell any of the offered securities may, under certain circumstances, be deemed to be “underwriters”
within the meaning of the Securities Act. Any profit on such sales and any discount, commission, concession or other compensation received
by any such underwriter, broker-dealer or agent may be deemed an underwriting discount and commission under the Exchange Act. Except
as indicated in the applicable prospectus supplement, any purchasers will pay all discounts, concessions, commissions and similar selling
expenses, if any, that can be attributed to the sale of the shares of such common stock. Some
of the underwriters, dealers or agents used by us in any offering of securities under this prospectus may be customers of, engage in
transactions with, and perform services for us or affiliates of ours in the ordinary course of business. Underwriters, dealers, agents
and other persons may be entitled under agreements which may be entered into with us to indemnification against and contribution toward
certain civil liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act, and to be reimbursed by us for certain expenses, by us. Any
securities initially sold outside the U.S. may be resold in the U.S. through underwriters, dealers or otherwise. The
anticipated date of delivery of the securities offered by this prospectus will be described in the applicable prospectus supplement relating
to the offering. In
compliance with the guidelines of the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority, or FINRA, the aggregate maximum discount, commission,
agency fees or other items constituting underwriting compensation to be received by any FINRA member or independent broker-dealer will
not exceed such amounts as is determined to be unfair or unreasonable under applicable FINRA rules. No
FINRA member may participate in any offering of securities made under this prospectus if such member has a conflict of interest under
FINRA Rule 5121 unless a qualified independent underwriter has participated in the offering, or the offering otherwise complies with
FINRA Rule 5121. To
comply with the securities laws of some states, if applicable, the securities that may be offered pursuant to this prospectus may be
sold in these jurisdictions only through registered or licensed brokers or dealers. In addition, in some states the securities may not
be sold unless they have been registered or qualified for sale or an exemption from registration or qualification requirements is available
and is complied with. All
securities we may offer pursuant to this prospectus, other than common stock, will be new issues of securities with no established trading
market. Any underwriters may make a market in these securities but will not be obligated to do so and may discontinue any market making
at any time without notice. We cannot guarantee the liquidity of the trading markets for any securities. Any
underwriter may engage in over-allotment, stabilizing transactions, short-covering transactions and penalty bids in accordance with Regulation
M under the Exchange Act. Over-allotment involves sales in excess of the offering size, which create a short position. Stabilizing transactions
permit bids to purchase the underlying security so long as the stabilizing bids do not exceed a specified maximum price. Syndicate-covering
or other short-covering transactions involve purchases of the securities, either through exercise of the over-allotment option or in
the open market after the distribution is completed, to cover short positions. Penalty bids permit the underwriters to reclaim a selling
concession from a dealer when the securities originally sold by the dealer are purchased in a stabilizing or covering transaction to
cover short positions. Those activities may cause the price of the securities to be higher than it would otherwise be. If commenced,
the underwriters may discontinue any of the activities at any time. Any
underwriters or agents that are qualified market makers may engage in passive market making transactions in the common stock in accordance
with Regulation M under the Exchange Act, during the business day prior to the pricing of the offering, before the commencement of offers
or sales of our common stock. Passive market makers must comply with applicable volume and price limitations and must be identified as
passive market makers. In general, a passive market maker must display its bid at a price not in excess of the highest independent bid
for such security; if all independent bids are lowered below the passive market maker’s bid, however, the passive market maker’s
bid must then be lowered when certain purchase limits are exceeded. Passive market making may stabilize the market price of the securities
at a level above that which might otherwise prevail in the open market and, if commenced, may be discontinued at any time. - 17 - LEGAL
MATTERS Unless
otherwise indicated in the applicable prospectus supplement, certain legal matters in connection with the offering and the validity of
the securities offered by this prospectus, and any supplement thereto, will be passed upon by Sheppard, Mullin, Richter
& Hampton, LLP. Additional legal matters may be passed upon for us or any underwriters, dealers or agents, by counsel that we will
name in the applicable prospectus supplement. EXPERTS The
financial statements incorporated by reference in this prospectus and elsewhere in the registration statement have been so incorporated
by reference in reliance on the report of dbb mckennon , independent registered public accountants, upon the authority of said firm
as experts in accounting and auditing. WHERE
YOU CAN FIND MORE INFORMATION This
prospectus is part of a registration statement on Form S-3 that we filed with the SEC to register the securities offered hereby under
the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. This prospectus does not contain all of the information included in the registration statement,
including certain exhibits and schedules. For further information with respect to us and the securities we are offering under this prospectus,
we refer you to the registration statement and the exhibits and schedules filed as a part of the registration statement. You should rely
only on the information contained in this prospectus or incorporated by reference herein. Neither we nor any agent, underwriter or dealer
has authorized anyone else to provide you with different information. We are not making an offer of these securities in any state where
the offer is not permitted. You should not assume that the information in this prospectus is accurate as of any date other than the date
on the front page of this prospectus, regardless of the time of delivery of this prospectus or any sale of the securities offered by
this prospectus. Whenever a reference is made in this prospectus to any of our contracts, agreements or other documents, the reference
may not be complete and you should refer to the exhibits that are a part of the registration statement or the exhibits to the reports
or other documents incorporated by reference into this prospectus for a copy of such contract, agreement or other document. We
file annual, quarterly and special reports, along with other information with the SEC. The SEC maintains an Internet site that contains
reports, proxy and information statements, and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC. Our SEC filings
are available to the public over the Internet at the SEC’s website at http://www.sec.gov . We maintain a corporate website
at www.redcat.red and an investor relations website at ir.redcatholdings.com. None of the information on or accessible through
our websites is incorporated by reference in, or constitutes a part of, this prospectus or in any other filings with, or in any information
furnished or submitted to, the SEC. - 18 - INCORPORATION
OF CERTAIN DOCUMENTS BY REFERENCE The
SEC allows us to “incorporate by reference” into this prospectus the information that we file with them, which means that
we can disclose important information to you by referring you to those documents. The information incorporated by reference is considered
to be part of this prospectus, and information that we file later with the SEC will automatically update and supersede this information.
The following documents that we have filed with the SEC are incorporated by reference and made a part of this prospectus: ● | our Transition Report on Form 10-KT for the transition period ended December 31, 2024 filed with the SEC on March 31, 2025;
● | our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended April 30, 2024, filed with the SEC on August 8, 2024;
● | portions of our Definitive Proxy Statement on Schedule 14A that are incorporated by reference into Part III of the Transition Report, filed with the SEC on April 28, 2025;
● | our Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q for the quarterly periods ended March 31, 2025 and June 30, 2025 filed with the SEC on May 14, 2025 and August 14, 2025, respectively;
● | our Current Reports on Form 8-K and Form 8-K/A filed with the SEC on February 12, 2025 , March 17, 2025 , April 2, 2025 , April 10, 2025 , April 11, 2025 , April 21, 2025 , May 22, 2025 , June 18, 2025 , June 20, 2025 , and September 4, 2025 ;
● | the description of our common stock contained in our Registration Statement on Form 8-A filed with the SEC on March 11, 2021, including any amendment or report filed for the purpose of updating such description. All
documents that we file with the SEC pursuant to Sections 13(a), 13(c), 14, and 15(d) of the Exchange Act subsequent to the date of this
registration statement and prior to the filing of a post-effective amendment to this registration statement that indicates that all securities
offered under this prospectus have been sold, or that deregisters all securities then remaining unsold, will be deemed to be incorporated
in this registration statement by reference and to be a part hereof from the date of filing of such documents. Nothing in this prospectus
shall be deemed to incorporate information furnished but not filed with the SEC (including without limitation, information furnished
under Item 2.02 or Item 7.01 of Form 8-K, and any exhibits relating to such information). Any
statement contained in this prospectus or in a document incorporated or deemed to be incorporated by reference in this prospectus shall
be deemed to be modified or superseded for purposes of this prospectus to the extent that a statement contained herein or in the applicable
prospectus supplement or in any other subsequently filed document which also is or is deemed to be incorporated by reference modifies
or supersedes the statement. Any statement so modified or superseded shall not be deemed, except as so modified or superseded, to constitute
a part of this prospectus. The
information about us contained in this prospectus should be read together with the information in the documents incorporated by reference.
You may request a copy of any or all of these filings, at no cost, by writing or telephoning us at: Red Cat Holdings, Inc., 15 Ave. Munoz
Rivera, Ste. 2200, San Juan, PR 00901; (800) 466-9152. - 19 - PART
II INFORMATION
NOT REQUIRED IN A PROSPECTUS Item
14. Other Expenses of Issuance and Distribution. The
following table sets forth an itemization of the various expenses, other than the underwriting discounts and commissions, payable by
the registrant in connection with the offering of securities being registered. All amounts are estimates except for the SEC registration
fee. Item | Amount to be paid
SEC registration fee | $ | 45,930
FINRA filing fee | *
Accounting fees and expenses | *
Legal fees and expenses | *
Transfer agent fees and expenses | *
Printing and miscellaneous expenses | *
Total | $ | 45,930 *
These fees are calculated based on the securities offered and the number of offerings and accordingly cannot be estimated at this time. Item
15. Indemnification of Directors and Officers. Under
certain circumstances, Chapter 78 of the NRS also provides for mandatory and discretionary indemnification, as applicable, of any person
who is a director, officer, employee or agent of the Company. Nevada law provides that we may indemnify such individuals if they have
not have breached their fiduciary duties under Chapter 78 of the NRS or if such person has acted in good faith and in a manner which
he or she reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the corporation, and, with respect to any criminal action
or proceeding, had no reasonable cause to believe his or her conduct was unlawful. Nevada law also provides that we must indemnify any
person who is a director, officer, employee or agent of the Company, to the extent that the person is successful on the merits or otherwise
in the defense of any threatened, pending or completed action, suit or proceeding brought against such person because such person is
or was a director, officer, employee or agent of the Company, against expenses actually and reasonably incurred by the person in connection
with defending the action, including, without limitation, attorney’s fees. The
articles of incorporation, as amended, and the amended and restated bylaws of the Company provide that the Company shall, to the fullest
extent permitted by the NRS, as now or hereafter in effect, indemnify any person who was or is a party or is threatened to be made a
party to any threatened, pending or completed action, suit or proceeding, whether civil, criminal, administrative or investigative, except
an action by or in the right of the Company, by reason of the fact that he is or was a director, officer, employee or agent of the Company,
or is or was serving at the request of the Company as a director, officer, employee or agent of another corporation, partnership, joint
venture, trust or other enterprise, against expenses, including attorneys’ fees, judgments, fines and amounts paid in settlement
actually and reasonably incurred by him in connection with the action, suit or proceeding if he: (i) is not liable pursuant to NRS Section
78.138; or (ii) acted in good faith and in a manner which he reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the
Company, and, with respect to any criminal action or proceeding, had no reasonable cause to believe his conduct was unlawful. II- 1 Item 16. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules Exhibit No. | Description
1.1* | Underwriting Agreement
3.1 | Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation, dated July 17, 2019 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit B to the Company’s Schedule 14C Information Statement filed with the SEC on July 2, 2019)
3.2 | Bylaws (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the Company’s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed with the SEC on February 8, 2017)
3.3 | Certification of Designation of Series A Preferred Stock (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on December 12, 2018)
3.4 | Certification of Designation of Series E Convertible Preferred Stock (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on January 4, 2018)
3.5 | Amendment No. 1 to Certification of Designation of Series E Convertible Preferred Stock (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on January 4, 2018)
3.6 | Certificate of Withdrawal, dated May 13, 2019 of Certification of Designation of the Series A Preferred Stock, dated December 6, 2018, Series E Convertible Preferred Stock, dated January 3, 2018 and the Amendment to the Certification of Designation of the Series E Convertible Preferred Stock, dated January 3, 2018 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on May 16, 2019)
3.7 | Certification of Designation of Series A Preferred Stock, dated May 10, 2019 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on May 16, 2019)
3.8 | Certification of Designation of Series B Preferred Stock, dated May 10, 2019 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.3 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on May 16, 2019)
4.1* | Form of Certificate of Designation
4.2* | Form of Preferred Stock Certificate
4.3* | Form of Warrant Agreement
4.4* | Form of Warrant Certificate
4.5* | Form of Stock Purchase Agreement
4.6* | Form of Unit Agreement
5.1** | Opinion of Sheppard Mullin Richter & Hampton
23.1** | Consent of dbbmckennon, Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm
23.2** | Consent of Sheppard Mullin Richter & Hampton, LLP (included in Exhibit 5.1)
107** | Filing fee table *
To be filed by amendment or by a Current Report on Form 8-K and incorporated by reference herein. **
Filed herewith II- 2 Item
17. Undertakings (a)
The undersigned registrant hereby undertakes: (1)
To file, during any period in which offers or sales are being made, a post-effective amendment to this registration statement: (i)
To include any prospectus required by section 10(a)(3) of the Securities Act of 1933; (ii)
To reflect in the prospectus any facts or events arising after the effective date of the registration statement (or the most recent post-effective
amendment thereof) which, individually or in the aggregate, represent a fundamental change in the information set forth in the registration
statement. Notwithstanding the foregoing, any increase or decrease in volume of securities offered (if the total dollar value of securities
offered would not exceed that which was registered) and any deviation from the low or high end of the estimated maximum offering range
may be reflected in the form of prospectus filed with the Commission pursuant to Rule 424(b) if, in the aggregate, the changes in volume
and price represent no more than a 20% change in the maximum aggregate offering price set forth in the “Calculation of Registration
Fee” table in the effective registration statement. (iii)
To include any material information with respect to the plan of distribution not previously disclosed in the registration statement or
any material change to such information in the registration statement; provided,
however , Paragraphs (a)(1)(i), (a)(1)(ii) and (a)(1)(iii) of this section do not apply if the registration statement is on Form S-3
or Form F-3 and the information required to be included in a post-effective amendment by those paragraphs is contained in reports filed
with or furnished to the Commission by the registrant pursuant to section 13 or section 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
that are incorporated by reference in the registration statement, or is contained in a form of prospectus filed pursuant to Rule 424(b)
that is part of the registration statement. (2)
That, for the purpose of determining any liability under the Securities Act of 1933, each such post-effective amendment shall be deemed
to be a new registration statement relating to the securities offered therein, and the offering of such securities at that time shall
be deemed to be the initial bona fide offering thereof. (3)
To remove from registration by means of a post-effective amendment any of the securities being registered which remain unsold at the
termination of the offering. (4)
[Reserved] (5)
That, for the purpose of determining liability under the Securities Act of 1933 to any purchaser: (A)
Each prospectus filed by the registrant pursuant to Rule 424(b)(3) shall be deemed to be part of the registration statement as of
the date the filed prospectus was deemed part of and included in the registration statement; and II- 3 (B)
Each prospectus required to be filed pursuant to Rule 424(b)(2), (b)(5), or (b)(7) as part of a registration statement in reliance on
Rule 430B relating to an offering made pursuant to Rule 415(a)(1)(i), (vii), or (x) for the purpose of providing the information required
by section 10(a) of the Securities Act of 1933 shall be deemed to be part of and included in the registration statement as of the earlier
of the date such form of prospectus is first used after effectiveness or the date of the first contract of sale of securities in the
offering described in the prospectus. As provided in Rule 430B, for liability purposes of the issuer and any person that is at that date
an underwriter, such date shall be deemed to be a new effective date of the registration statement relating to the securities in the
registration statement to which that prospectus relates, and the offering of such securities at that time shall be deemed to be the initial
bona fide offering thereof. Provided, however, that no statement made in a registration statement or prospectus that is part of the registration
statement or made in a document incorporated or deemed incorporated by reference into the registration statement or prospectus that is
part of the registration statement will, as to a purchaser with a time of contract of sale prior to such effective date, supersede or
modify any statement that was made in the registration statement or prospectus that was part of the registration statement or made in
any such document immediately prior to such effective date; (6)
That, for the purpose of determining liability of the registrant under the Securities Act of 1933 to any purchaser in the initial distribution
of the securities, the undersigned registrant undertakes that in a primary offering of securities of the undersigned registrant pursuant
to this registration statement, regardless of the underwriting method used to sell the securities to the purchaser, if the securities
are offered or sold to such purchaser by means of any of the following communications, the undersigned registrant will be a seller to
the purchaser and will be considered to offer or sell such securities to such purchaser: (i)
Any preliminary prospectus or prospectus of the undersigned registrant relating to the offering required to be filed pursuant to Rule
424; (ii)
Any free writing prospectus relating to the offering prepared by or on behalf of the undersigned registrant or used or referred to by
the undersigned registrant; (iii)
The portion of any other free writing prospectus relating to the offering containing material information about the undersigned registrant
or its securities provided by or on behalf of the undersigned registrant; and (iv)
Any other communication that is an offer in the offering made by the undersigned registrant to the purchaser. (b)
The registrant hereby undertakes that for purposes of determining any liability under the Securities Act of 1933, each filing of the
registrant’s annual report pursuant to section 13(a) or section 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (and, where applicable,
each filing of an employee benefit plan’s annual report pursuant to section 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934) that
is incorporated by reference in the registration statement shall be deemed to be a new registration statement relating to the securities
offered therein, and the offering of such securities at that time shall be deemed to be the initial bona fide offering thereof. II- 4 SIGNATURES Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, the registrant certifies that it has reasonable grounds to believe that it meets all
of the requirements for filing on Form S-3 and has duly caused this registration statement to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned,
thereunto duly authorized, in the City of San Juan, Puerto Rico on September 15, 2025. RED CAT HOLDINGS, INC.
By: | /s/ Jeffery M. Thompson
Jeffrey M. Thompson
President and Chief Executive Officer
(Principal Executive Officer)
/s/ Christian Ericson
Christian Ericson
Chief Financial Officer
(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) POWER
OF ATTORNEY We,
the undersigned officers and directors of Red Cat Holdings, Inc. hereby severally constitute and appoint Jeffrey M. Thompson and Christian
Ericson, our true and lawful attorney-in-fact and agents, with full power of substitution and resubstitution for him and in his name,
place and stead, and in any and all capacities, to sign for us and in our names in the capacities indicated below any and all amendments
(including post-effective amendments) to this registration statement (or any other registration statement for the same offering that
is to be effective upon filing pursuant to Rule 462(b) under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended), and to file the same, with all
exhibits thereto and other documents in connection therewith, with the Securities and Exchange Commission, granting unto said attorney-in-fact
and agent, full power and authority to do and perform each and every act and thing requisite or necessary to be done in and about the
premises, as full to all intents and purposes as he might or could do in person, hereby ratifying and confirming all that said attorney-in-fact
and agent, or his substitute or substitutes, may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, this Registration Statement has been signed by the following persons in
the capacities and on the dates indicated. Signature | Title | Date
/s/ Jeffery M. Thompson | President and Chief Executive Officer | September 15, 2025
Jeffrey M. Thompson | (Principal executive officer)
/s/ Christian Ericson | Chief Financial Officer | September 15, 2025
Christian Ericson | (Principal financial and accounting officer)
/s/ Joseph Freedman | Director | September 15, 2025
Joseph Freedman
/s/ Nicholas Liuzza Jr. | Director | September 15, 2025
Nicholas Liuzza Jr.
/s/ Christopher Moe | Director | September 15, 2025
Christopher Moe
/s/ Paul Edward Funk II | Director | September 15, 2025
Paul Edward Funk II II- 5