S-3/A 1 rcat0610forms3a1.htm FORM S-3/A (AMENDMENT NO. 1) Registration No. 333-256216 As filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission
on June 11, 2021 UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 FORM S-3/A Amendment No. 1 REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT
OF 1933 RED CAT HOLDINGS, INC. (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) Nevada | 7372 | 86-0490034
(State or jurisdiction of | (Primary Standard Industrial | (I.R.S. Employer
incorporation or organization) | Classification Code Number) | Identification No.) 370 Harbour Drive Palmas del Mar Humacao, PR 00791 (833) 373-3228 (Address, including zip code, and telephone number,
including area code of registrant’s principal executive offices) Red Cat Holdings, Inc. 370 Harbour Drive Palmas del Mar Humacao, PR 00791 (833) 373-3228 (Name, address, including zip code, and telephone number,
including area code, of agent for service) Copies to: Mark E. Crone, Esq.
Joe Laxague, Esq.
The Crone Law Group, P.C.
500 Fifth Avenue, Suite 938
New York, New York 10110
Telephone: (917) 398-5082 Approximate date of commencement of proposed sale
to the public: From time to time after the effective date of this registration statement. If the only securities being registered on this Form
are being offered pursuant to dividend or interest reinvestment plans, please check the following box: ☐ If any of the securities being registered on this
Form are to be offered on a delayed or continuous basis pursuant to Rule 415 under the Securities Act of 1933 check the following box. ☑ If this Form is filed to register additional securities for an offering
pursuant to Rule 462(b) under the Securities Act, please check the following and list the Securities Act registration statement number
of the earlier effective registration statement for the same offering. ☐ If this Form is a post-effective amendment filed pursuant to Rule 462(c)
under the Securities Act, check the following box and list the Securities Act registration statement number of the earlier effective registration
statement for the same offering. ☐ If this Form is a registration statement pursuant to General Instruction
I.D. or a post-effective amendment thereto that shall become effective upon filing with the Commission pursuant to Rule 462(e) under the
Securities Act, check the following box. ☐ If this Form is a post-effective amendment to a registration statement
filed pursuant to General Instruction I.D. filed to register additional securities or additional classes of securities pursuant to Rule
413(b) under the Securities Act, check the following box. ☐ Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a
large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company or an emerging growth company. See
the definitions of “large accelerated filer,” “accelerated filer”, “smaller reporting company” and
“emerging growth company” in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. Large accelerated filer | ☐ | Accelerated filer | ☐
Non-accelerated filer | ☑ | Smaller reporting company | ☑
Emerging growth company | ☐ If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark
if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards
provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. CALCULATION OF REGISTRATION FEE Title of each class of Securities to be registered | registered (1) | per unit | price (2) | fee (3)
Common stock, par value $0.001 per share | — | — | — | —
Preferred stock, par value $0.001 per share | — | — | — | —
Warrants (4) | — | — | — | —
Units (5) | — | — | — | —
Total | — | — | $ | 100,000,000 | $ | 10,910 (6) (1) | There are being registered hereunder such indeterminate number of shares of common stock, preferred stock, and warrants to purchase common stock or preferred stock, as shall have an aggregate initial offering price not to exceed $100,000,000. The securities registered also include such indeterminate amounts and numbers of common stock and preferred stock as may be issued upon conversion of or exchange for preferred stock that provide for conversion or exchange, upon exercise of warrants, or pursuant to the anti-dilution provisions of any such securities. (2) | In no event will the aggregate offering price of all securities issued from time to time pursuant to this registration statement exceed $100,000,000. (3) | Calculated pursuant to Rule 457(o) under the Securities Act. (4) | Includes any warrants to purchase common stock and any warrants to purchase preferred stock. (5) | Any of the securities registered hereunder may be sold separately, or as units with other securities registered hereby. We will determine the proposed maximum offering price per unit when we issue the above listed securities. The proposed maximum per unit and aggregate offering prices per class of securities will be determined from time to time by the registrant in connection with the issuance by the registrant of the securities registered under this registration statement and is not specified as to each class of security pursuant to General Instruction II.D of Form S-3 under the Securities Act. (6) | Previously paid. The registrant hereby amends this Registration
Statement on such date or dates as may be necessary to delay its effective date until the registrant shall file a further amendment which
specifically states that this registration statement shall thereafter become effective in accordance with Section 8(a) of the Securities
Act of 1933, or until this Registration Statement shall become effective on such date as the Securities and Exchange Commission, acting
pursuant to Section 8(a), may determine. The information contained
in this preliminary prospectus is not complete and may be changed. These securities may not be sold until the registration statement filed
with the Securities and Exchange Commission is effective. This preliminary prospectus is not an offer to sell these securities and it
is not soliciting an offer to buy these securities in any state where the offer or sale is not permitted. PRELIMINARY PROSPECTUS | SUBJECT TO COMPLETION | DATED June 11, 2021 Red Cat Holdings, Inc. $100,000,000 Common Stock Preferred Stock Warrants Units We may from time to time, in one or more offerings
at prices and on terms that we will determine at the time of each offering, sell common stock, preferred stock, warrants, or a combination
of these securities, or units, for an aggregate initial offering price of up to $100,000,000. This prospectus describes the general manner
in which our securities may be offered using this prospectus. Each time we offer and sell securities, we will provide you with a prospectus
supplement that will contain specific information about the terms of that offering. Any prospectus supplement may also add, update, or
change information contained in this prospectus. You should carefully read this prospectus and the applicable prospectus supplement as
well as the documents incorporated or deemed to be incorporated by reference in this prospectus before you purchase any of the securities
offered hereby. This prospectus may not be used to offer and sell
securities unless accompanied by a prospectus supplement. Our common stock is currently listed on the Nasdaq
Capital Market under the symbol “RCAT.” On May 14, 2021, the last reported sales price for our common stock was $3.17 per
share. The securities offered by this prospectus involve
a high degree of risk. See “Risk Factors” beginning on page 2, in addition to Risk Factors contained in the applicable prospectus
supplement. Neither the Securities and Exchange Commission
nor any State securities commission has approved or disapproved of these securities or determined if this prospectus is truthful or complete.
Any representation to the contrary is a criminal offense. We may offer the securities directly or through agents
or to or through underwriters or dealers. If any agents or underwriters are involved in the sale of the securities their names, and any
applicable purchase price, fee, commission or discount arrangement between or among them, will be set forth, or will be calculable from
the information set forth, in an accompanying prospectus supplement. We can sell the securities through agents, underwriters or dealers
only with delivery of a prospectus supplement describing the method and terms of the offering of such securities. See “Plan of Distribution.” The aggregate market value
of our outstanding voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates, or our public float, was approximately $39,059,894 as
of June 9, 2021. Pursuant to General Instruction I.B.6, in no event will we sell our common stock in a public primary offering with
a value exceeding one-third of our public float in any 12-month period unless our public float subsequently rises to $75.0 million or
more. We have not sold any securities pursuant to General Instruction I.B.6 in the 12 months immediately prior to the date of this Prospectus. The date of this prospectus is June 11, 2021. TABLE OF CONTENTS Page
About this Prospectus | 3
Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements | 3
About Red Cat Holdings, Inc. | 3
Risk Factors | 5
Use of Proceeds | 5
Description of Common Stock | 5
Description of Preferred Stock | 6
Description of Warrants | 8
Description of Units | 9
Plan of Distribution | 9
Experts | 11
Where you can find more information | 12
Incorporation of Certain Documents by Reference | 12 You should rely only on information
contained in this prospectus. We have not, and the underwriter has not, authorized anyone to provide you with additional information or
information different from that contained in this prospectus. Neither the delivery of this prospectus nor the sale of our securities means
that the information contained in this prospectus is correct after the date of this prospectus. This prospectus is not an offer to sell
or the solicitation of an offer to buy our securities in any circumstances under which the offer or solicitation is unlawful or in any
state or other jurisdiction where the offer is not permitted. 2 ABOUT THIS PROSPECTUS This prospectus is part of a registration
statement that we filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, or SEC, using a “shelf” registration process. Under this
shelf registration process, we may sell any combination of the securities described in this prospectus in one of more offerings up to
a total dollar amount of proceeds of $100,000,000. This prospectus describes the general manner in which our securities may be offered
by this prospectus. Each time we sell securities, we will provide a prospectus supplement that will contain specific information about
the terms of that offering. The prospectus supplement may also add, update or change information contained in this prospectus or in documents
incorporated by reference in this prospectus. The prospectus supplement that contains specific information about the terms of the securities
being offered may also include a discussion of certain U.S. Federal income tax consequences and any risk factors or other special considerations
applicable to those securities. To the extent that any statement that we make in a prospectus supplement is inconsistent with statements
made in this prospectus or in documents incorporated by reference in this prospectus, you should rely on the information in the prospectus
supplement. You should carefully read both this prospectus and any prospectus supplement together with the additional information described
under “Where You Can Find More Information” before buying any securities in this offering. The terms “Red Cat,”
“Red Cat Holdings,” the “Company,” “we,” “our” or “us” in this prospectus
refer to Red Cat Holdings, Inc., unless the context suggests otherwise. CAUTIONARY STATEMENT REGARDING
FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS This prospectus contains forward-looking
statements. Such statements include statements regarding our expectations, hopes, beliefs or intentions regarding the future, including
but not limited to statements regarding our market, strategy, competition, development plans (including acquisitions and expansion), financing,
revenues, operations, and compliance with applicable laws. Forward-looking statements involve certain risks and uncertainties, and actual
results may differ materially from those discussed in any such statement. Factors that could cause actual results to differ materially
from such forward-looking statements include the risks described in greater detail in the following paragraphs. All forward-looking statements
in this document are made as of the date hereof, based on information available to us as of the date hereof, and we assume no obligation
to update any forward-looking statement. Market data used throughout this prospectus is based on published third party reports or the
good faith estimates of management, which estimates are based upon their review of internal surveys, independent industry publications
and other publicly available information. ABOUT RED CAT HOLDINGS, INC. The Company’s business is
to provide products, services and solutions to the drone industry. We design, develop, market, and sell drone software and products. Our
business emphasis focusses on drones piloted with wearable display devices. These are head mounted displays (“HMDs”) for pilots.
HMDs give pilots “first person view” (“FPV”) perspective to control their drone in flight. This is a unique experience
where the pilot is interacting with an aircraft through visual immersion. In this augmented virtual reality, the pilot sees only what
the drone sees, as if sitting in the pilot seat. This experience is accomplished by live streaming footage from a camera mounted on the
nose of the drone directly into specially-designed goggles worn by the pilot. The image is transmitted via radio (traditionally analog
but increasingly digital) to the pilot. The drone remote control unit, the drone device, and the FPV goggles are all inter-connected via
radio. This effect requires sophisticated electronics that transmits visual information with sufficient speed and reliability to allow
pilot control over the drone in real-time. Pilots routinely achieve speeds of over 90 mph in racing and other mission critical applications.
An FPV pilot must experience a near complete transfer of their visual consciousness into the body of their piloted device. There are three common categories
of FPV flight – freestyle flight, racing and aerial photography. In freestyle the pilot navigates around obstacles, focused on acrobatics
and exploring the environment around the aircraft through the HMD. This type of flight includes remote utility and crop inspection with
onboard navigation and special equipment, such as moisture or heat sensors, and package delivery. FPV racing describes a growing spectator
sport where pilots fly their drones in competitions through a series of obstacles, flags, and gates in a racetrack. Aerial photography
is the process of viewing and recording a subject matter from the air from the viewpoint of the pilot. 3 We sell flight design cameras,
video transmitters, goggles, as well as the mounts, airframes and accessories to build or operate drone aircraft. We design, develop,
assemble and sell each of these FPV components individually and in packages. We believe that our products have become favorites in FPV
racing and we sponsor several racing teams and pilots. We purchase and resell drones and components from leading manufacturers, including
the industry leader Da Jiang Innovations (“DJI”) and custom design and build our own line of branded products. Approximately
50% of our revenue has historically been generated as a reseller and the balance from sale of branded products prior to our recent acquisition
of Fat Shark Holdings, Ltd. (“Fat Shark”). In addition, we are developing a blockchain-based black box to enhance reliability
and reporting of drone performance and operations as software as a service (“SaaS”). Red Cat’s Dronebox software and
platform enable an easy-to-use flight log system that keeps clients compliant with regulators and helps track and collect critical drone
data and feed the data to various applications. The software and platform use a patent-pending blockchain-based cloud architecture. To
keep the data secure, we hash each log file on our private block chain, proving that the data is immutable and reliable. Reliable data
is mandatory for regulators and insurance companies and is essential for analyzing drone flights and effective drone fleet management.
Through our blockchain-based black box for drones, we can offer one easy to use system for analytics and services. By applying machine
learning to the log files, we can prevent drone flight problems before they happen through artificial intelligence. We charge a monthly
recurring fee for each drone in the customer’s drone fleet. We store all flight logs, photos, and videos from the black box service,
which allows detailed flight replay. The target market for drone services in the commercial
and civil markets is focused on the need to inspect and/or survey equipment, structures, insurance claims, land areas, jobsites and emergencies. Inspection and survey drone services for the industry
is estimated to be a $21 billion market. We market through social media and attract buyers to our ecommerce platforms. We maintain a robust
presence on Facebook and YouTube where we sponsor competitions and provide education. Sports networks, and sponsors such as NBC, Sky,
Liberty Media, Fox Sports, MGM, Hearst, Twitter, ProSieben, Groupe AB and Weibo broadcast and sponsor global events where professional
pilots and amateurs compete for prizes and sponsorships. Drone racing is a global sport with chapters, leagues, and pilots and established
guidelines, rules and regulations for participation adopted by organizations such as MultiGP, Drone Racing League (“DRL”),
IUDRO, DR1 Racing, Rotomatch League, FPVR, and Freespace Drone Racing. Pilots specially design their custom-built aircraft, selecting
and customizing frames, motors, propellors and controllers for speed and maneuverability from Rotor Riot. Rotor Riot sponsors a team of
six of the leading pilots on the competitive FPV racing circuit, including the 2019 and 2018 Drone Racing League champion. Drone pilots
and spectators alike experience real-time flight through their own HMD. In 2015 Fat Shark sponsored the first annual US National Drone
Racing Championships held at the California State Fair with a prize of $25,000. Subsequent events featured prizes of up to $1 million.
Rotor Riot has a social network of over 215,000 youtube subscribers, 68,000 instagram followers. This gives us quick access to a large
number of commercial pilots for beta testing, product enhancements, and remote drone piloting. On November 2, 2020 we acquired
Fat Shark Holdings, Ltd., a Cayman Islands Exempted Company. The Company believes Fat Shark and its subsidiaries are leaders in the design,
development, marketing and sale of HMDs for pilots. The operations of Fat Shark are
expected to constitute a significant majority of our revenue and results of operations and will position us to become a fully-integrated
drone business with a strong supply chain while we continue to develop and promote industry standards through our blockchain-based distributed
network that provides secure data storage, operational analytics, reporting, and SaaS solutions for the drone industry. We are also developing
the means to accurately track, report and review flight data, which we believe will be the mainstay of future regulatory specifications
and insurability. We maintain a commitment to deliver unparalleled innovation to make drones, pilots, and products accountable and the
sky a safer place. 4 On February 11, 2021, we signed
a definitive agreement to acquire Skypersonic, Inc., a provider of drone products and software solutions that enable drone inspection
flights that can be executed by pilots anywhere in the world. Skypersonic powers drones to “Fly Anywhere” and “Inspect
the Impossible”. Its patented software and hardware solutions allow for inspection services in restricted spaces where GPS is not
allowed or available. Skycopter is a miniature drone fitted into a cage to avoid damage to inspected areas and the drone. Skyloc is a
stand-alone, real time, software system which enables the drone to record and transmit inspection data while being operated from thousands
of miles away. Skypersonic’s intellectual property portfolio includes eight US and European patents. We closed the Skypersonic transaction
on or before May 7, 2021. Our
internet address is www.redcatholdings.com . Information on our website is not incorporated into this prospectus. RISK FACTORS Any investment in our securities
involves a high degree of risk. Investors should carefully consider the risks described below and all of the information contained in
this prospectus before deciding whether to purchase our securities. Our business, financial condition and results of operations could
be materially adversely affected by these risks if any of them actually occur. This prospectus also contains forward-looking statements
that involve risks and uncertainties. Our actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements
as a result of certain factors, including the risks we face as described below and elsewhere in this prospectus. Investing in our securities involves
a high degree of risk. Before making an investment decision, you should consider carefully the risks, uncertainties and other factors
described in our most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K, as supplemented and updated by subsequent quarterly reports on Form 10-Q and
current reports on Form 8-K that we have filed or will file with the SEC, which are incorporated by reference into this prospectus. Our business, affairs, prospects,
assets, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows could be materially and adversely affected by these risks. For more
information about our SEC filings, please see “Where You Can Find More Information”. USE OF PROCEEDS Unless otherwise indicated in
a prospectus supplement, we intend to use the net proceeds from the sale of the securities under this prospectus for general corporate
purposes, including working capital. DESCRIPTION OF COMMON STOCK Our authorized capital stock consists
of 500,000,000 shares of common stock, par value $0.001 per share, and 10,000,000 shares of preferred stock, par value $0.001 per share,
of which 2,200,000 shares have been designated Series A Preferred Stock and 4,300,000 shares have been designated Series B Preferred Stock.
As of March 26, 2021, there were (i) 28,991,093 shares of common stock outstanding, (ii) 158,704 shares of Series A Preferred Stock outstanding
that are convertible into 1,322,004 shares of common stock, and (iii) 2,366,882 shares of Series B Preferred Stock outstanding that are
convertible into 1,972,402 shares of common stock. This description is intended as
a summary and is qualified in its entirety by reference to our amended and restated articles of incorporation and amended and restated
by-laws, which are filed, or incorporated by reference, as exhibits to the registration statement of which this prospectus forms a part. 5 The holders of our common stock
are entitled to one vote for each share held of record on all matters submitted to a vote of the stockholders and do not have cumulative
voting rights. Accordingly, holders of a majority of the shares of common stock and preferred stock entitled to vote in any election of
directors may elect all of the directors standing for election. Subject to preferences that may be applicable to any outstanding shares
of preferred stock, the holders of common stock are entitled to receive ratably such dividends as may be declared by the board of directors
out of funds legally available therefor. Upon the liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Company, holders of our common stock are
entitled to share ratably in all assets remaining after payment of liabilities and the liquidation preferences of any outstanding shares
of preferred stock. Holders of common stock have no preemptive rights and no right to convert their common stock into any other securities.
Our common stock has no redemption or sinking fund provisions. All outstanding shares of common stock are fully paid and non-assessable. DESCRIPTION OF PREFERRED STOCK Pursuant to our articles of incorporation,
our board of directors has the authority, without further action by the stockholders, to issue up to 10,000,000 shares of preferred stock,
in one or more series. Our articles of incorporation, as amended, provide that our Board of Directors has the authority, without
further action by the shareholders, to issue shares of preferred stock in one or more series and to fix the rights, preferences, privileges
and restrictions granted to or imposed upon the preferred stock. Preferred stock may be designated and issued without authorization of
shareholders unless such authorization is required by applicable law, the rules of the principal market or other securities exchange on
which our stock is then listed or admitted to trading. Our Board of Directors may authorize
the issuance of preferred stock with voting or conversion rights that could adversely affect the voting power or other rights of the holders
of common stock. The issuance of preferred stock, while providing flexibility in connection with possible acquisitions and other corporate
purposes could, under some circumstances, have the effect of delaying, deferring or preventing a change in control of the Company. The description of preferred stock
in this prospectus and the description of the terms of a particular series of preferred stock in any applicable prospectus supplement
are not complete. You should refer to any applicable certificate of designation for complete information. All shares of preferred stock
offered hereby will, when issued, be fully paid and nonassessable, including shares of preferred stock issued upon the exercise of preferred
stock warrants or subscription rights, if any. Series A Convertible Preferred Stock On May 15, 2019, we closed a Share
Exchange Agreement (the “Exchange Agreement”) with Red Cat Propware, Inc., a Nevada corporation (“Red Cat Propware”)
and its then current shareholders (the “Acquisition”) pursuant to which we acquired all of the issued and outstanding capital
stock of Red Cat Propware in exchange for our issuance of our common stock and Series A Preferred Stock (“Series A Stock”)
to the Red Cat Propware shareholders which constituted approximately 83.33% of our issued an outstanding share capital on a fully-diluted
basis at such time. With the exception of shares held by our current Chief Executive Officer, Jeffrey Thompson, the convertibility of
shares of Series A Stock is limited such that a holder of Series A Stock may not convert Series A Stock to our common stock to the extent
that the number of shares of Common Stock to be issued pursuant to such conversion, when aggregated with all other shares of common stock
owned by the holder at such time, would result in the holder beneficially owning more than 4.99% of all of our outstanding common stock. 6 On May 15, 2019 we filed with
the Secretary of State of the State of Nevada a Certificate of Designation of Series A Preferred Stock (the “Series A Certificate
of Designation”). Pursuant to the Series A Certificate of Designation, the Company designated 2,200,000 shares of its blank
check preferred stock as Series A Preferred Stock. Each share of Series A Preferred Stock has no stated value. In the event of a
liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Company, each share of Series A Preferred Stock will not be entitled to a per share preferential
payment but will be entitled to participate in any distribution out of the assets of the Company on an equal basis per share with the
holders of Common Stock, as if all shares of Series A Preferred Stock had been converted to Common Stock immediately prior to the distribution.
Each share of Series A Preferred Stock is convertible at the option of the holder into 8.33 shares of common stock for every one share
of Series A Preferred Stock held (the “A Conversion Rate”). The conversion ratio is subject to adjustment in the event of
stock splits, stock dividends, combination of shares and similar recapitalization transactions. The Company is prohibited from effecting
the conversion of the Series A Preferred Stock to the extent that, as a result of such conversion, the holder beneficially owns more than
4.99%, in the aggregate, which beneficial ownership limitation may be increased by the holder up to, but not exceeding, 9.99% of the issued
and outstanding shares of the Company’s Common Stock calculated immediately after giving effect to the issuance of shares of Common
Stock upon the conversion of the Series A Preferred Stock (the “Beneficial Ownership Limit”). The Beneficial Ownership Limit
is inapplicable to a shareholder who, in advance issuance of Series A Preferred Stock, specifically waives such limitations and our Chief
Executive Officer, Jeffrey Thompson, waived such limitations prior to the Red Cat Propware acquisition. Under the Series A Certificate
of Designation, no consideration (including any modification of this Certificate of Designation or related transaction document) shall
be offered or paid to any person or entity to amend or consent to a waiver or modification of any provision of this Certificate of Designation
or related transaction document unless the same consideration is also offered to all of the holders of the outstanding shares of Series
A Preferred Stock. Series B Convertible Preferred Stock On May 13, 2019 we filed with
the Secretary of State of the State of Nevada a Certificate of Designation of Series B Preferred Stock (the “Series B Certificate
of Designation”). Pursuant to the Series B Certificate of Designation, the Company designated 4,300,000 shares of its blank check
preferred stock as Series B Preferred Stock. Each share of Series B Preferred Stock has no stated value. In the event of a liquidation,
dissolution or winding up of the Company, each share of Series B Preferred Stock will not be entitled to a per share preferential payment
but will be entitled to participate in any distribution out of the assets of the Company on an equal basis per share with the holders
of Common Stock, as if all shares of Series B Preferred Stock had been converted to Common Stock immediately prior to the distribution.
Each share of Series B Preferred Stock is convertible at the option of the holder into 0.83 shares of common stock for every one share
of Series B Preferred Stock held (the “B Conversion Rate”). The conversion ratio is subject to adjustment in the event of
stock splits, stock dividends, combination of shares and similar recapitalization transactions. The Company is prohibited from effecting
the conversion of the Series B Preferred Stock to the extent that, as a result of such conversion, the holder beneficially owns more than
4.99%, in the aggregate, which beneficial ownership limitation may be increased by the holder up to, but not exceeding, 9.99% of the issued
and outstanding shares of the Company’s Common Stock calculated immediately after giving effect to the issuance of shares of Common
Stock upon the conversion of the Series A Preferred Stock (the “Beneficial Ownership Limit”). Under the Series B Certificate
of Designation, no consideration (including any modification of this Certificate of Designation or related transaction document) shall
be offered or paid to any person or entity to amend or consent to a waiver or modification of any provision of this Certificate of Designation
or related transaction document unless the same consideration is also offered to all of the holders of the outstanding shares of Series
B Preferred Stock. 7 DESCRIPTION OF WARRANTS We may issue
warrants for the purchase of preferred stock or common stock. Warrants may be issued independently or together with any preferred stock
or common stock, and may be attached to or separate from any offered securities. Each series of warrants will be issued under a separate
warrant agreement to be entered into between a warrant agent specified in the agreement and us. The warrant agent will act solely as our
agent in connection with the warrants of that series and will not assume any obligation or relationship of agency or trust for or with
any holders or beneficial owners of warrants. This summary of some provisions of the warrants is not complete. You should refer to the
warrant agreement, including the forms of warrant certificate representing the warrants, relating to the specific warrants being offered
for the complete terms of the warrant agreement and the warrants. The warrant agreement, together with the terms of the warrant certificate
and warrants, will be filed with the SEC in connection with the offering of the specific warrants. The applicable prospectus supplement
will describe the following terms, where applicable, of the warrants in respect of which this prospectus is being delivered: · | the title of the warrants; · | the aggregate number of the warrants; · | the price or prices at which the warrants will be issued; · | the designation, amount and terms of the offered securities purchasable upon exercise of the warrants; · | if applicable, the date on and after which the warrants and the offered securities purchasable upon exercise of the warrants will be separately transferable; · | the terms of the securities purchasable upon exercise of such warrants and the procedures and conditions relating to the exercise of such warrants; · | any provisions for adjustment of the number or amount of securities receivable upon exercise of the warrants or the exercise price of the warrants; · | the price or prices at which and currency or currencies in which the offered securities purchasable upon exercise of the warrants may be purchased; · | the date on which the right to exercise the warrants shall commence and the date on which the right shall expire; · | the minimum or maximum amount of the warrants that may be exercised at any one time; · | information with respect to book-entry procedures, if any; · | if appropriate, a discussion of Federal income tax consequences; and · | any other material terms of the warrants, including terms, procedures and limitations relating to the exchange and exercise of the warrants. Warrants
for the purchase of common stock or preferred stock will be offered and exercisable for U.S. dollars only. Warrants will be issued in
registered form only. 8 Upon receipt
of payment and the warrant certificate properly completed and duly executed at the corporate trust office of the warrant agent or any
other office indicated in the applicable prospectus supplement, we will, as soon as practicable, forward the purchased securities. If
less than all of the warrants represented by the warrant certificate are exercised, a new warrant certificate will be issued for the remaining
warrants. Prior to the exercise of any warrants
to purchase preferred stock or common stock, holders of the warrants will not have any of the rights of holders of the common stock or
preferred stock purchasable upon exercise, including in the case of warrants for the purchase of common stock or preferred stock, the
right to vote or to receive any payments of dividends on the preferred stock or common stock purchasable upon exercise. DESCRIPTION OF UNITS As specified in the applicable
prospectus supplement, we may issue units consisting of shares of common stock, shares of preferred stock or warrants or any combination
of such securities. The applicable prospectus supplement
will specify the following terms of any units in respect of which this prospectus is being delivered: · | the terms of the units and of any of the common stock, preferred stock and warrants comprising the units, including whether and under what circumstances the securities comprising the units may be traded separately; · | a description of the terms of any unit agreement governing the units; and · | a description of the provisions for the payment, settlement, transfer or exchange of the units. PLAN OF DISTRIBUTION We may sell the securities offered
through this prospectus (i) to or through underwriters or dealers, (ii) directly to purchasers, including our affiliates, (iii) through
agents, or (iv) through a combination of any these methods. The securities may be distributed at a fixed price or prices, which may be
changed, market prices prevailing at the time of sale, prices related to the prevailing market prices, or negotiated prices. The prospectus
supplement will include the following information: · | the terms of the offering; · | the names of any underwriters or agents; · | the name or names of any managing underwriter or underwriters; · | the purchase price of the securities; · | any over-allotment options under which underwriters may purchase additional securities from us; · | the net proceeds from the sale of the securities; · | any delayed delivery arrangements; · | any underwriting discounts, commissions and other items constituting underwriters’ compensation; · | any initial public offering price; 9 · | any discounts or concessions allowed or reallowed or paid to dealers; · | any commissions paid to agents; and · | any securities exchange or market on which the securities may be listed. Sale Through Underwriters or Dealers Only underwriters named in the
prospectus supplement are underwriters of the securities offered by the prospectus supplement. If underwriters are used in the
sale, the underwriters will acquire the securities for their own account, including through underwriting, purchase, security lending or
repurchase agreements with us. The underwriters may resell the securities from time to time in one or more transactions, including negotiated
transactions. Underwriters may sell the securities in order to facilitate transactions in any of our other securities (described in this
prospectus or otherwise), including other public or private transactions and short sales. Underwriters may offer securities to the public
either through underwriting syndicates represented by one or more managing underwriters or directly by one or more firms acting as underwriters.
Unless otherwise indicated in the prospectus supplement, the obligations of the underwriters to purchase the securities will be subject
to certain conditions, and the underwriters will be obligated to purchase all the offered securities if they purchase any of them. The
underwriters may change from time to time any initial public offering price and any discounts or concessions allowed or reallowed or paid
to dealers. If dealers are used in the sale
of securities offered through this prospectus, we will sell the securities to them as principals. They may then resell those securities
to the public at varying prices determined by the dealers at the time of resale. The prospectus supplement will include the names of the
dealers and the terms of the transaction. Direct Sales and Sales Through Agents We may sell the securities offered
through this prospectus directly. In this case, no underwriters or agents would be involved. Such securities may also be sold through
agents designated from time to time. The prospectus supplement will name any agent involved in the offer or sale of the offered securities
and will describe any commissions payable to the agent. Unless otherwise indicated in the prospectus supplement, any agent will agree
to use its reasonable best efforts to solicit purchases for the period of its appointment. We may sell the securities directly
to institutional investors or others who may be deemed to be underwriters within the meaning of the Securities Act with respect to any
sale of those securities. The terms of any such sales will be described in the prospectus supplement. Delayed Delivery Contracts If the prospectus supplement indicates,
we may authorize agents, underwriters or dealers to solicit offers from certain types of institutions to purchase securities at the public
offering price under delayed delivery contracts. These contracts would provide for payment and delivery on a specified date in the future.
The contracts would be subject only to those conditions described in the prospectus supplement. The applicable prospectus supplement will
describe the commission payable for solicitation of those contracts. 10 Continuous Offering Program Without limiting the generality
of the foregoing, we may enter into a continuous offering program equity distribution agreement with a broker-dealer, under which we may
offer and sell shares of our common stock from time to time through a broker-dealer as our sales agent. If we enter into such a program,
sales of the shares of common stock, if any, will be made by means of ordinary brokers’ transactions on the Nasdaq Capital Market
or other market on which are shares may then trade at market prices, block transactions and such other transactions as agreed upon by
us and the broker-dealer. Under the terms of such a program, we also may sell shares of common stock to the broker-dealer, as principal
for its own account at a price agreed upon at the time of sale. If we sell shares of common stock to such broker-dealer as principal,
we will enter into a separate terms agreement with such broker-dealer, and we will describe this agreement in a separate prospectus supplement
or pricing supplement. Market Making, Stabilization and Other Transactions Unless the applicable prospectus
supplement states otherwise, other than our common stock, all securities we offer under this prospectus will be a new issue and will have
no established trading market. We may elect to list offered securities on an exchange or in the over-the-counter market. Any underwriters
that we use in the sale of offered securities may make a market in such securities, but may discontinue such market making at any time
without notice. Therefore, we cannot assure you that the securities will have a liquid trading market. Any underwriter may also engage
in stabilizing transactions, syndicate covering transactions and penalty bids in accordance with Rule 104 under the Securities Exchange
Act. Stabilizing transactions involve bids to purchase the underlying security in the open market for the purpose of pegging, fixing or
maintaining the price of the securities. Syndicate covering transactions involve purchases of the securities in the open market after
the distribution has been completed in order to cover syndicate short positions. Penalty bids permit the underwriters
to reclaim a selling concession from a syndicate member when the securities originally sold by the syndicate member are purchased in a
syndicate covering transaction to cover syndicate short positions. Stabilizing transactions, syndicate covering transactions and penalty
bids may cause the price of the securities to be higher than it would be in the absence of the transactions. The underwriters may, if
they commence these transactions, discontinue them at any time. General Information Agents, underwriters, and dealers
may be entitled, under agreements entered into with us, to indemnification by us against certain liabilities, including liabilities under
the Securities Act. Our agents, underwriters, and dealers, or their affiliates, may be customers of, engage in transactions with or perform
services for us, in the ordinary course of business. LEGAL MATTERS The Crone
Law Group, P.C. has opined on the validity of the securities being offered hereby. EXPERTS The consolidated financial statements
of the Company as of April 30, 2020 and 2019, and for the years then ended included in this prospectus have been so included in reliance
on the report of BF Borgers, CPA, PC an independent registered public accounting firm, which includes an explanatory paragraph about the
Company’s ability to continue as a going concern, given on the authority of said firm as experts in auditing and accounting. The consolidated financial statements
of the acquired company Fat Shark Holdings, Ltd. as of December 31, 2019 and 2018, and for the years then ended included in this prospectus
have been so included in reliance on the report of BF Borgers, CPA, PC an independent registered public accounting firm. 11 The consolidated financial statements
of the acquired company Rotor Riot, LLC as of December 31, 2019 and 2018, and for the years then ended included in this prospectus have
been so included in reliance on the report of BF Borgers, CPA, PC an independent registered public accounting firm. WHERE YOU CAN FIND MORE INFORMATION We file annual, quarterly and
special reports, along with other information with the SEC. The SEC maintains an Internet site that contains reports, proxy and information
statements, and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC. Our SEC filings are available to the public
over the Internet at the SEC’s website at http://www.sec.gov. This prospectus is part of a registration
statement on Form S-3 that we filed with the SEC to register the securities offered hereby under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended.
This prospectus does not contain all of the information included in the registration statement, including certain exhibits and schedules.
You may obtain the registration statement and exhibits to the registration statement from the SEC’s internet site. INCORPORATION OF CERTAIN DOCUMENTS BY REFERENCE This prospectus is part of a
registration statement filed with the SEC. The SEC allows us to “incorporate by reference” into this prospectus the information
that we file with them, which means that we can disclose important information to you by referring you to those documents. The information
incorporated by reference is considered to be part of this prospectus, and information that we file later with the SEC will automatically
update and supersede this information. The following documents are incorporated by reference and made a part of this prospectus: · | our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended April 30, 2020 filed with the SEC on August 13, 2020; · | our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended July 31, 2020 filed with the SEC on September 21, 2020; · | our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended January 31, 2021 filed with the SEC on March 22, 2021; · | our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended October 31, 2020 filed with the SEC on December 21, 2020; · | our Current Reports on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on October 5, 2020; October 9, 2020; November 6, 2020; November 12, 2020; December 4, 2020; January 13, 2021; January 22, 2021; January 28, 2021; February 17, 2021; February 19, 2021; March 24, 2021; April 6, 2021; April 13, 2021; April 30, 2021; May 4, 2021; May 5, 2021; and May 13, 2021; and · | the description of our common stock contained in our Registration Statement on Form 8-A filed with the SEC on March 11, 2021, including any amendment or report filed for the purpose of updating such description. All documents that we file with the SEC pursuant to
Sections 13(a), 13(c), 14, and 15(d) of the Exchange Act subsequent to the date of this registration statement and prior to the filing
of a post-effective amendment to this registration statement that indicates that all securities offered under this prospectus have been
sold, or that deregisters all securities then remaining unsold, will be deemed to be incorporated in this registration statement by reference
and to be a part hereof from the date of filing of such documents. Nothing in this prospectus shall be deemed to incorporate information
furnished but not filed with the SEC (including without limitation, information furnished under Item 2.02 or Item 7.01 of Form 8-K, and
any exhibits relating to such information). 12 Any statement contained in this prospectus or in a
document incorporated or deemed to be incorporated by reference in this prospectus shall be deemed to be modified or superseded for purposes
of this prospectus to the extent that a statement contained herein or in the applicable prospectus supplement or in any other subsequently
filed document which also is or is deemed to be incorporated by reference modifies or supersedes the statement. Any statement so modified
or superseded shall not be deemed, except as so modified or superseded, to constitute a part of this prospectus. The information about us contained in this prospectus
should be read together with the information in the documents incorporated by reference. You may request a copy of any or all of these
filings, at no cost, by writing or telephoning us at: Red Cat Holdings, Inc., 370 Harbour Drive, Palmas del Mar, Humacao, PR, 00791. (833)
373-3228. 13 $100,000,000 Common Stock Preferred Stock Warrants Units Red Cat Holdings, Inc. PRELIMINARY PROSPECTUS June 11, 2021 PART II INFORMATION NOT REQUIRED IN A PROSPECTUS Item 14. Other Expenses of Issuance and
Distribution. The following table sets forth
an itemization of the various expenses, other than the underwriting discounts and commissions, payable by the registrant in connection
with the sale of securities being registered. All amounts are estimates except for the SEC registration fee, the FINRA filing fee and
the NASDAQ Capital Market listing fee. Item | Amount to be paid
SEC registration fee | $ | 10,910
Legal fees and expenses | *
Accounting fees and expenses | *
Miscellaneous expenses | *
Total | $ | 10,910 * These
fees are calculated based on the securities offered and the number of issuances and accordingly cannot be estimated at this time. The
applicable prospectus supplement will set forth the estimated amount of expenses of any offering of securities. Item 15. Indemnification of Directors
and Officers. Section 78.7502(1) of the Nevada
Revised Statutes (“NRS”) provides that a corporation may indemnify any person who was or is a party or is threatened to be
made a party to any threatened, pending or completed action, suit or proceeding, whether civil, criminal, administrative or investigative
(except an action by or in the right of the corporation) by reason of the fact that such person is or was a director, officer, employee
or agent of the corporation, or is or was serving at the request of the corporation as a director, officer, employee or agent of another
corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise, against expenses (including attorneys’ fees), judgments, fines
and amounts paid in settlement actually and reasonably incurred in connection with such action, suit or proceeding if such person: (i)
is not liable for a breach of fiduciary duties that involved intentional misconduct, fraud or a knowing violation of law; or (ii) acted
in good faith and in a manner which he or she reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the corporation, and,
with respect to any criminal action or proceeding, had no reasonable cause to believe his or her conduct was unlawful. NRS Section 78.7502(2) further
provides that a corporation may indemnify any person who was or is a party or is threatened to be made a party to any threatened, pending
or completed action or suit by or in the right of the corporation to procure a judgment in its favor by reason of the fact that such person
is or was a director, officer, employee or agent of the corporation, or is or was serving at the request of the corporation as a director,
officer, employee or agent of another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise, against expenses, including
amounts paid in settlement and attorneys’ fees actually and reasonably incurred in connection with the defense or settlement of
the action or suit if such person: (i) is not liable for a breach of fiduciary duties that involved intentional misconduct, fraud or a
knowing violation of law; or (ii) acted in good faith and in a manner that he or she reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the
best interests of the corporation. Indemnification may not be made for any claim, issue or matter as to which such a person has been adjudged
by a court of competent jurisdiction, after exhaustion of all appeals therefrom, to be liable to the corporation or for amounts paid in
settlement to the corporation, unless and only to the extent that the court in which the action or suit was brought or other court of
competent jurisdiction determines upon application that in view of all the circumstances of the case the person is fairly and reasonably
entitled to indemnity for such expenses as the court deems proper. 15 To the extent that a director,
officer, employee or agent of a corporation has been successful on the merits or otherwise in defense of any action, suit or proceeding
referred to in subsections (1) and (2) of NRS Section 78.7502, as described above, or in defense of any claim, issue or matter therein,
the corporation shall indemnify him or her against expenses (including attorneys’ fees) actually and reasonably incurred by such
person in connection with the defense. The articles of incorporation,
as amended, and the amended and restated bylaws of the Company provide that the Company shall, to the fullest extent permitted by the
NRS, as now or hereafter in effect, indemnify any person who was or is a party or is threatened to be made a party to any threatened,
pending or completed action, suit or proceeding, whether civil, criminal, administrative or investigative, except an action by or in the
right of the Company, by reason of the fact that he is or was a director, officer, employee or agent of the Company, or is or was serving
at the request of the Company as a director, officer, employee or agent of another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other
enterprise, against expenses, including attorneys’ fees, judgments, fines and amounts paid in settlement actually and reasonably
incurred by him in connection with the action, suit or proceeding if he: (i) is not liable pursuant to NRS Section 78.138; or (ii) acted
in good faith and in a manner which he reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the Company, and, with respect
to any criminal action or proceeding, had no reasonable cause to believe his conduct was unlawful. Item 16. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules Exhibit No. | Description
1.1 | Underwriting Agreement*
3.1 | Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation, dated July 17, 2019 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit B to the Company’s Schedule 14C Information Statement filed with the SEC on July 2, 2019)
3.3 | Certification of Designation of Series A Preferred Stock, dated May 10, 2019 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on May 16, 2019)
3.4 | Certification of Designation of Series B Preferred Stock, dated May 10, 2019 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.3 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on May 16, 2019)
3.2 | Bylaws, as amended March 31, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on April 6, 2021).
4.1 | Form of Certificate of Designation*
4.2 | Form of Preferred Stock Certificate*
4.3 | Form of Warrant Agreement*
4.4 | Form of Warrant Certificate*
4.5 | Form of Stock Purchase Agreement*
4.6 | Form of Unit Agreement*
5.1 | Opinion of The Crone law Group, P.C. as to the legality of the securities being registered (incorporated by reference to Registration Statement on Form S-3 filed with the SEC on May 17, 2021).
23.1 | Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (Red Cat Holdings, Inc., Fat Shark Holdings, Inc., Rotor Riot, LLC)**
23.2 | Consent of The Crone Law Group, P.C. (included as part of Exhibit 5.1) * | To be filed by amendment or by a Current Report on Form 8-K and incorporated by reference herein. ** | Filed herewith. Item 17. Undertakings (a) The undersigned registrant hereby undertakes: (1) To file, during any period in which offers
or sales are being made, a post-effective amendment to this registration statement: (i) To include any prospectus required by section
10(a)(3) of the Securities Act of 1933; 16 (ii) To reflect in the prospectus any facts or
events arising after the effective date of the registration statement (or the most recent post-effective amendment thereof) which, individually
or in the aggregate, represent a fundamental change in the information set forth in the registration statement. Notwithstanding the foregoing,
any increase or decrease in volume of securities offered (if the total dollar value of securities offered would not exceed that which
was registered) and any deviation from the low or high end of the estimated maximum offering range may be reflected in the form of prospectus
filed with the Commission pursuant to Rule 424(b) if, in the aggregate, the changes in volume and price represent no more than a 20% change
in the maximum aggregate offering price set forth in the “Calculation of Registration Fee” table in the effective registration
statement. (iii) To include any material information with
respect to the plan of distribution not previously disclosed in the registration statement or any material change to such information
in the registration statement; provided, however , Paragraphs (a)(1)(i), (a)(1)(ii)
and (a)(1)(iii) of this section do not apply if the registration statement is on Form S-3 or Form F-3 and the information required to
be included in a post-effective amendment by those paragraphs is contained in reports filed with or furnished to the Commission by the
registrant pursuant to section 13 or section 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 that are incorporated by reference in the registration
statement, or is contained in a form of prospectus filed pursuant to Rule 424(b) that is part of the registration statement. (2) That, for the purpose of determining any
liability under the Securities Act of 1933, each such post-effective amendment shall be deemed to be a new registration statement relating
to the securities offered therein, and the offering of such securities at that time shall be deemed to be the initial bona fide offering
thereof. (3) To remove from registration by means of a
post-effective amendment any of the securities being registered which remain unsold at the termination of the offering. (4) That, for the purpose of determining liability
under the Securities Act of 1933 to any purchaser: (A) Each prospectus filed by the registrant pursuant
to Rule 424(b)(3)shall be deemed to be part of the registration statement as of the date the filed prospectus was deemed part of
and included in the registration statement; and (B) Each prospectus required to be filed pursuant
to Rule 424(b)(2), (b)(5), or (b)(7) as part of a registration statement in reliance on Rule 430B relating to an offering made
pursuant to Rule 415(a)(1)(i), (vii), or (x) for the purpose of providing the information required by section 10(a) of the Securities
Act of 1933 shall be deemed to be part of and included in the registration statement as of the earlier of the date such form of prospectus
is first used after effectiveness or the date of the first contract of sale of securities in the offering described in the prospectus.
As provided in Rule 430B, for liability purposes of the issuer and any person that is at that date an underwriter, such date shall
be deemed to be a new effective date of the registration statement relating to the securities in the registration statement to which that
prospectus relates, and the offering of such securities at that time shall be deemed to be the initial bona fide offering thereof. Provided,
however, that no statement made in a registration statement or prospectus that is part of the registration statement or made in a document
incorporated or deemed incorporated by reference into the registration statement or prospectus that is part of the registration statement
will, as to a purchaser with a time of contract of sale prior to such effective date, supersede or modify any statement that was made
in the registration statement or prospectus that was part of the registration statement or made in any such document immediately prior
to such effective date; or (5) That, for the purpose of determining liability
of the registrant under the Securities Act of 1933 to any purchaser in the initial distribution of the securities, the undersigned registrant
undertakes that in a primary offering of securities of the undersigned registrant pursuant to this registration statement, regardless
of the underwriting method used to sell the securities to the purchaser, if the securities are offered or sold to such purchaser by means
of any of the following communications, the undersigned registrant will be a seller to the purchaser and will be considered to offer or
sell such securities to such purchaser: (i) Any preliminary prospectus or prospectus
of the undersigned registrant relating to the offering required to be filed pursuant to Rule 424; 17 (ii) Any free writing prospectus relating to
the offering prepared by or on behalf of the undersigned registrant or used or referred to by the undersigned registrant; (iii) The portion of any other free writing prospectus
relating to the offering containing material information about the undersigned registrant or its securities provided by or on behalf of
the undersigned registrant; and (iv) Any other communication that is an offer
in the offering made by the undersigned registrant to the purchaser. (b) The registrant hereby undertakes that for
purposes of determining any liability under the Securities Act of 1933, each filing of the registrant’s annual report pursuant to
section 13(a) or section 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (and, where applicable, each filing of an employee benefit plan’s
annual report pursuant to section 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934) that is incorporated by reference in the registration
statement shall be deemed to be a new registration statement relating to the securities offered therein, and the offering of such securities
at that time shall be deemed to be the initial bona fide offering thereof. (c) Insofar as indemnification for liabilities
arising under the Securities Act of 1933 may be permitted to directors, officers and controlling persons of the registrant pursuant to
the foregoing provisions, or otherwise, the registrant has been advised that in the opinion of the Securities and Exchange Commission
such indemnification is against public policy as expressed in the Act and is, therefore, unenforceable. In the event that a claim for
indemnification against such liabilities (other than the payment by the registrant of expenses incurred or paid by a director, officer
or controlling person of the registrant in the successful defense of any action, suit or proceeding) is asserted by such director, officer
or controlling person in connection with the securities being registered, the registrant will, unless in the opinion of its counsel the
matter has been settled by controlling precedent, submit to a court of appropriate jurisdiction the question whether such indemnification
by it is against public policy as expressed in the Act and will be governed by the final adjudication of such issue. (d) The registrant hereby undertakes that: (1) For purposes of determining any liability
under the Securities Act, the information omitted from the form of prospectus filed as part of this registration statement in reliance
upon Rule 430A and contained in a form of prospectus filed by the registrant pursuant to Rule 424(b)(1) or (4) or 497(h)
under the Securities Act shall be deemed to be part of this registration statement as of the time it was declared effective. (2) For the purpose of determining any liability
under the Securities Act, each post-effective amendment that contains a form of prospectus shall be deemed to be a new registration statement
relating to the securities offered therein, and the offering of such securities at that time shall be deemed to be the initial bona fide
offering thereof. SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements
of the Securities Act of 1933, the registrant certifies that it has reasonable grounds to believe that it meets all of the requirements
for filing on Form S-3 and has duly caused this registration statement to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly
authorized, in the City of Humacao, Puerto Rico on June 11, 2021. RED CAT HOLDINGS, INC.
By: | /s/ Jeffery M. Thompson
Jeffrey M. Thompson
President and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer)
/s/ Joseph Hernon
Joseph Hernon
Chief Financial Officer
(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 18 POWER OF ATTORNEY We, the undersigned officers and
directors of Red Cat Holdings, Inc. hereby severally constitute and appoint Jeffrey M. Thompson and Joseph Hernon, our true and lawful
attorney-in-fact and agents, with full power of substitution and resubstitution for him and in his name, place and stead, and in any and
all capacities, to sign for us and in our names in the capacities indicated below any and all amendments (including post-effective amendments)
to this registration statement (or any other registration statement for the same offering that is to be effective upon filing pursuant
to Rule 462(b) under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended), and to file the same, with all exhibits thereto and other documents in connection
therewith, with the Securities and Exchange Commission, granting unto said attorney-in-fact and agent, full power and authority to do
and perform each and every act and thing requisite or necessary to be done in and about the premises, as full to all intents and purposes
as he might or could do in person, hereby ratifying and confirming all that said attorney-in-fact and agent, or his substitute or substitutes,
may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. Pursuant to the requirements of
the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, this Registration Statement has been signed by the following persons in the capacities and on
the dates indicated. Signature | Title | Date
/s/ Jeffrey M. Thompson Jeffrey M. Thompson | President and Chief Executive Officer (Principal executive officer) | June 11, 2021
/s/ Joseph Hernon Joseph Hernon | Chief Financial Officer (Principal financial and accounting officer) | June 11, 2021
/s/ Joseph Freedman Joseph Freedman | Director | June 11, 2021
/s/ Nicholas Liuzza Jr. Nicholoas Liuzza Jr. | Director | June 11, 2021
/s/ Patrick T. Mitchell Patrick T. Mitchell | Director | June 11, 2021
/s/ Jonathan Read Jonathan Read | Director | June 11, 2021