e to be high-volume vendors for us in Fiscal 2025. Our Competitive Strengths We believe our operational and financial success is due to a number of key competitive strengths that make our stores destinations of choice for our family channel footwear consumer. 7 Digital Media to Build Brand Awareness Our goal is to communicate a consistent brand image across all aspects of our operations and throughout our marketing strategies. We highlight our banners and the name brands we carry, including specific styles of product, using lifestyle and product imagery to showcase merchandise brands. The use of digital media comprises the substantial portion of our marketing investment, particularly as we leverage data that comes directly from our customers as part of our CRM solution, allowing us to directly communicate with our core customers. Television, radio, print media (including inserts, direct mail and newspaper advertising) and outdoor advertising accounted for the balance of our total advertising investment. Centralized Distribution Process Our Evansville distribution center is equipped with mechanized processing and product movement equipment. The facility utilizes cross docking/store replenishment and redistribution methods to fill store product requirements. These methods may include count verification, price and bar code labeling of each unit (when not performed by the manufacturer), redistribution of an order into size assortments (when not performed by the manufacturer) and allocation of shipments to individual stores. Throughout packing, allocating, storing and shipping, our distribution process is essentially paperless. Merchandise is typically shipped to each store location once per week. For stores within the continental United States, a dedicated carrier, with occasional use of common carriers, handles the majority of shipments. We leverage these investments with third-party managed software tailored to our specific needs to track merchandise during the transportation and distribution process. During Fiscal 2024, over 90% of merchandise was received into our Evansville distribution center, with a much smaller percentage of merchandise being directly drop shipped to customers, sent directly to a store location or received into Rogan’s distribution process. Effective beginning in February 2025, inbound shipments for the Rogan’s locations acquired in Fiscal 2024 were integrated into our centralized buying and distribution process. Additional information about our Evansville distribution center can be found in PART I, ITEM 2, “Properties” of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Disciplined Approach to Capital Management We remain focused on funding our normal operations without debt. We ended Fiscal 2024 with no debt and $123.1 million of Cash and Cash Equivalents and Marketable Securities. Over the last five fiscal years, we have had no debt outstanding and Cash, Cash Equivalents and Marketable Securities of $62 million to $132 million at the end of each fiscal year. We believe this approach increases our ability to make impactful, long-term decisions and enhances our stakeholder relationships. Leased Stores Our stores are found in high traffic shopping areas and are generally located in open-air shopping centers. On average, our physical stores are approximately 11,400 square feet and carry inventory of approximately 28,000 pairs of shoes per location. More information about our store locations and other properties can be found in PART I, ITEM 2, “Properties” of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. All stores are currently leased and more information on our leases can be found in Note 11 - “Leases” in our Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements contained in PART II, ITEM 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Distinctive In-Store Shopping Experience Our in-store merchandise is displayed directly on the selling floor in an open stock format, allowing customers to serve themselves, if they choose. Our trained staff is dedicated to customer service and assists and educates customers with the features and location of merchandise, as well as finding sizes, styles and colors. Our new store design incorporates the use of digital screens that are centrally controlled and are more adaptable than printed visual in-store advertising. These digital screens further enhance the in-store shopping experience and provide another opportunity for our vendors to compete for in-store advertising. Broad Merchandise Assortment Our product assortment is comprised primarily of on-trend branded footwear for the entire family and includes dress and casual shoes, sandals, boots and a wide assortment of athletic shoes. Our physical stores carry shoes in two 8 general categories – athletics and non-athletics with subcategories for men's, women's and children's shoes, as well as a broad range of accessories. Our e-commerce platform offers customers a large assortment of products in all categories of footwear with an increased depth of sizes and colors that may not be available in all stores. There are differences in merchandise between our store banners, and, to some extent, there is further differentiation by store under each banner, reflecting each store’s unique demographics and customer preferences. Our knowledge of these customer preferences, combined with our vendor relationships and distribution process, allows us to react to emerging trends or special events. Information Technology Our proprietary inventory management and advanced point-of-sale (“POS”) systems provide us with the timely information necessary to monitor and control all phases of operations. The POS provides, in addition to other features, full price management, promotion tracking capabilities (in support of the spontaneous nature of the in-store price promotions), real-time sales and cost of sales by product category at the store level and customer tracking. Using the POS, both store personnel and centralized merchandising staff are able to monitor sales, cost of sales and the success of product promotions in real-time. Our systems provide up-to-date sales and inventory information, and our data warehouse enables our merchandising and store operations staff to analyze sales, margin and inventory levels by store. Using this information, our merchandise managers meet regularly with vendors to compare product sales and margins and return on inventory investment against previously stated objectives. We believe timely access to key business data has enabled us to manage our promotional intensity and positively impact our comparable stores Net Sales and inventory turns. Efficient E-commerce Order Management and Fulfillment (Ship-From-Store and Vendor Drop Ship Program) We have implemented a third-party hosted order management system designed to our specific needs, which has enabled us to meet the complex demands of omnichannel fulfillment and has positioned us to further scale our e-commerce capabilities as we grow. Our Ship-From-Store program is a core element of our omnichannel strategy. Online orders are primarily fulfilled using physical stores. By fulfilling e-commerce orders principally from our store level inventory and staff, we are able to minimize out-of-stocks, offer our customers an expanded online assortment and leverage store level inventory and overhead. E-commerce orders can also be fulfilled from our distribution center in Evansville, Indiana, and this distribution center is used in times of peak demand. We also maintain a vendor drop-ship program with select business partners. This program offers our customers an expanded online assortment of styles and colors that we do not carry in store. While our customers benefit from expanded item assortment, the functionality of this program is seamless, and our customers’ online experience is not impacted by the vendor drop-ship fulfillment option. As a benefit of this program, we do not need to make a capital investment in the expanded inventory assortment, which is carried and fulfilled by our business partners participating in this program. Competitive Pricing For Our Customers Our Shoe Carnival customer is primarily a value-conscious consumer seeking name brand footwear across all ages, with our Shoe Station and Rogan’s concepts targeting a higher price point and more affluent customer. We believe that by offering a wide selection of popular styles of primarily name brand merchandise at competitive prices, we generate broad customer appeal. Additionally, the time-conscious customer appreciates the convenience of one-stop shopping for the entire family, whether this occurs at our store locations or through our other omnichannel choices. Competition The retail footwear business is highly competitive. We believe the principal competitive factors in our industry are merchandise selection, price, fashion, quality, location, shopping environment and service. We compete with department stores, shoe stores, sporting goods stores, e-commerce retailers and mass merchandisers. We compete with most department stores and traditional shoe stores by offering competitive prices. We compete with off-price retailers, mass merchandisers and discount stores by offering a wider and deeper selection of merchandise. Many of 9 our competitors are significantly larger than we are in terms of Net Sales, and many can access the capital markets with greater speed and efficiency than we can. Culture and Human Capital Management We have intentionally built an employee-centric, customer-focused organization designed to compete at the highest levels in the retail industry. Our commitment to, and investment in, a strong performance culture is paramount to our long-term sustainability and success. Our Workforce We are firmly committed to providing equal opportunities in all aspects of employment and believe that all individuals should be treated with respect and dignity. We are dedicated to attracting, developing, maintaining and supporting an inclusive workforce that includes individuals with a wide range of backgrounds, life experiences and cultures. We believe that these varied experiences enhance our connection with our diverse customer base and enable us to better serve our customers. We hire, promote and compensate our employees based on merit, experience or other work-related criteria. We do not tolerate harassment or unlawful discrimination. Mandatory annual training for all employees empowers our workforce and instills these virtues into our culture. We have clear policies encouraging strong relationships and protecting open lines of communication with management at every level. This, coupled with our non-retaliation policy, encourages employees to communicate issues and seek immediate redress of those issues if they should arise. As of our Fiscal 2024 year end, our workforce identified as 63% female and 37% male. Our broad-based leadership team, including those who manage and lead our stores and those who lead our Company, identified as 60% female and 40% male. With respect to ethnicity, our leadership team identified as 64% Caucasian and 36% non-Caucasian. Retention We believe our employee-centric culture not only supports higher levels of execution and performance, but also has led to increased retention of key talent. Our store-level training programs provide the foundation for long-term careers and our ability to promote from within. We support the first-time jobs for many of our associates where they gain workforce experiences that may grow into long-term careers. Currently, nearly all of our general managers and nearly all of our district managers who oversee those general managers were trained, developed and promoted from within. As of our Fiscal 2024 year end, of our 37 district managers, 68% have been employed by us for more than 20 years. The average tenure of our general managers was 14 years as of Fiscal 2024 year end. Individuals who comprise our leadership team, which includes our named executive officers, vice presidents and senior director-level employees, have been employed for an average of 18 years. Annually we survey a cross-section of employees on matters involving policy and procedure, organizational structure, operating style, commitment to hiring a competent workforce and commitment to integrity and ethical values. Since 2004, responses to this survey have had an average score of 4.0 to 4.3, with 5 being “strongly agree.” Employee Benefits Among the many ways we seek to serve our employees, we offer a complete range of benefits. These include competitive wages and incentives; an employee stock purchase plan with a discount off the fair value of our common 10 stock; employer-subsidized medical plans with dental and vision benefits; qualified and unqualified defined contribution plans with employer matching contributions; and merchandise discounts, among other benefits. Training and Code of Business Conduct and Ethics We are dedicated to strengthening our culture and execution through ongoing training for all associates. We are uniquely focused on training within our store-level, customer-facing operations. Employees must obtain necessary certifications in order to be responsible for the keys to a store and eventually to become a general manager. Our broad-based training program also engages and educates our employees on the following key topics: • Code of Business Conduct and Ethics (“Code of Ethics”); • Insider trading; • Non-discrimination and anti-harassment; • Cybersecurity awareness and responsibility; and • Supply chain security. More information regarding our approach to conducting business responsibly, including our guidelines on discrimination and harassment, can be found in our Code of Ethics. Our Code of Ethics applies to all of our Board members, officers and employees, including our principal executive officer and our principal financial and accounting officer. Our Code of Ethics is posted on the investor relations portion of our website at investors.shoecarnival.com/governance/governance-documents. We intend to disclose any amendments to the Code of Ethics by posting such amendments on our website. In addition, any waivers of the Code of Ethics for our Board members or executive officers will be disclosed in a Current Report on Form 8-K. Safety of our Employees and Security of our Data We strive to provide our associates with a safe and healthy work environment. We measure OSHA recordable incidents to gauge the success of our safety protocol. During calendar year 2024, we recorded 45 non COVID-related OSHA recordable incidents, an approximate 25% reduction in incidents compared to five years ago. Our strategies to address the ever-expanding complexities of protecting customer and employee data and executing our business strategies in an increasingly digital world continue to advance. Our technology department monitors and regularly tests compliance with our protocols, provides regular updates to employees and management and conducts annual training. More information on our cybersecurity processes can be found in PART I, ITEM 1C, “Cybersecurity” of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Number of Employees As of our Fiscal 2024 year end, we had approximately 5,500 employees, of which approximately 3,000 were employed on a part-time basis. The number of employees fluctuates during the year primarily due to seasonality. None of our employees are represented by a labor union. Seasonality For a discussion of the impact of seasonality on our operating results and our business, see PART II, ITEM 7, “Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations - Impact of Store Count and Seasonality on Quarterly Results.” Trademarks As of our Fiscal 2024 year end, we own the following federally registered trademarks and service marks: Shoe Carnival ® and associated trade dress and related logos, Y-NOT? ® , UNR8ED ® , Solanz ® , Shoe Perks ® , SC Work Wear ® , Shoes 2U ® , Laces for Learning ® , UNBOX WHAT’S POSSIBLE ® , Shoe Station ® , Shoe Station Super Store ® , Shoe 11 Station Select ® and Rogan’s Shoes ® . We believe these marks are valuable and, accordingly, we intend to maintain the marks and the related registrations. We are not aware of any pending claims of infringement or other challenges to our right to use these marks. Environmental We seek to minimize our impact on the environment by actively implementing environmentally-friendly processes throughout our business, including energy efficiency initiatives, waste minimization and the use of recycled materials within our supply chain. Our most significant areas of focus are fuel and packaging material used to deliver merchandise to our Evansville distribution center and stores; the HVAC and lighting systems in our stores, Evansville distribution center and corporate offices; and recycling methods. Compliance with current federal, state and local provisions regulating the discharge of materials into the environment or otherwise relating to the protection of the environment has not had a material effect upon our capital expenditures, earnings or competitive position. We anticipate no material capital expenditures for environmental control facilities for Fiscal 2025 or for the near future. Available Information We make available free of charge through the investor relations portion of our website at www.shoecarnival.com our Annual Reports on Form 10-K, our Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, our Current Reports on Form 8-K and amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or Section 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “Exchange Act”), as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file such material with, or furnish it to, the SEC. We have included our website addresses throughout this filing as textual references only. The information contained on, or accessible through, any of our websites is not incorporated into this Annual Report on Form 10-K. This Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC, including the financial statements and schedules thereto, without the accompanying exhibits, is available without charge to shareholders, investment professionals and securities analysts upon written request. Requests should be directed to Investor Relations at our corporate address. A list of exhibits is included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, and exhibits are available from us upon payment to us of the cost of furnishing them. Information about our Executive Officers The following table sets forth certain information with respect to our executive officers as of the date of filing this Annual Report on Form 10-K, March 21, 2025: Name Age Position J. Wayne Weaver 90 Chairman of the Board and Director Clifton E. Sifford 71 Vice Chairman of the Board and Director Mark J. Worden 51 President and Chief Executive Officer and Director Carl N. Scibetta 66 Senior Executive Vice President - Chief Merchandising Officer Marc A. Chilton 55 Senior Executive Vice President - Chief Operating Officer Patrick C. Edwards 53 Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer and Secretary Mr. Weaver has served as Chairman of the Board since March 1988. From 1978 until February 1993, Mr. Weaver had served as President and Chief Executive Officer of Nine West Group Inc., a designer, developer and marketer of women’s footwear. He has over 50 years of experience in the footwear industry. Mr. Weaver is a former Director of Nine West Group Inc. Mr. Weaver served as Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Jacksonville Jaguars, LTD, a professional football franchise, until January 2012. Mr. Sifford has served as Vice Chairman of the Board since October 2021. From September 2019 to September 2021, Mr. Sifford served as Vice Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer. Mr. Sifford also served as President and Chief Executive Officer from October 2012 to September 2019 and has been a Director since October 2012. Mr. 12 Sifford served as Chief Merchandising Officer from October 2012 to March 2016. From June 2001 to October 2012, Mr. Sifford served as Executive Vice President – General Merchandise Manager and from April 1997 to June 2001, Mr. Sifford served as Senior Vice President – General Merchandise Manager. Prior to joining us, Mr. Sifford served as Merchandise Manager – Shoes for Belk, Inc. Mr. Worden has been employed as President and Chief Executive Officer and a Director of the Company since October 2021. From September 2019 to September 2021, Mr. Worden served as President and Chief Customer Officer and from September 2018 to September 2019, Mr. Worden served as Executive Vice President – Chief Strategy and Marketing Officer. Prior to joining the Company, Mr. Worden led the Northern European region for S. C. Johnson & Son, Inc. (“SC Johnson”), a manufacturer of household cleaning supplies and products, and was responsible for revenue and share growth objectives across six countries from May 2014 to July 2018. Prior to that, Mr. Worden served as Assistant to the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of SC Johnson from May 2012 to May 2014 and as a Senior Marketing Director from 2009 to 2012. Mr. Worden also served as a Senior Brand Manager at Kimberly-Clark Corporation and held multiple marketing roles across its flagship brands during his tenure there from 2003 through 2009. Mr. Scibetta has been employed as Senior Executive Vice President – Chief Merchandising Officer since March 2021. From March 2016 to March 2021, Mr. Scibetta served as Executive Vice President – Chief Merchandising Officer. From December 2012 to March 2016, Mr. Scibetta served as General Merchandise Manager. Prior to joining us, Mr. Scibetta served as Vice President, Divisional Merchandise Manager– Footwear for Belk, Inc. since 2008. From 2004 to 2007, Mr. Scibetta served as Vice President, Divisional Merchandise Manager – Footwear for Parisian Department Stores. From 1998 to 2000, Mr. Scibetta served as Vice President, Divisional Merchandise Manager for Shoe Corporation of America. Mr. Scibetta began his retail career with Wohl Shoe Company in 1980. Mr. Scibetta will be retiring from the Company, effective April 4, 2025. Mr. Chilton has been employed as Senior Executive Vice President – Chief Operating Officer since February 20, 2025. From February 2023 to February 20, 2025, Mr. Chilton served as our Executive Vice President – Chief Operating Officer. From April 2021 to February 2023, Mr. Chilton served as our Executive Vice President – Chief Retail Operations Officer. From February 2020 to April 2021, Mr. Chilton served as our Senior Vice President – Store Administration and Development and from March 2019 to February 2020 served as our Senior Vice President – Store Operations and Administration. Mr. Chilton started with the Company in 1994 as a store manager and has served in roles of increasing responsibility in store management and operations since that time, including serving as the Vice President of our Northern Division, with approximately one-third of our stores reporting to him, from April 2012 until March 2019. Mr. Edwards has been employed as Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer since September 2023. He has also served as our Secretary since June 2021 and served as our Assistant Secretary from December 2019 to June 2021. Mr. Edwards served as our Vice President and Corporate Controller from October 2019 until September 2023 and was appointed an executive officer in March 2021 as our Chief Accounting Officer, serving in that role until September 2023. Prior to joining us, Mr. Edwards was Vice President of Accounting for CenterPoint Energy, Inc., a publicly traded utility company, from February 2019 to August 2019 following its acquisition of Vectren Corporation (“Vectren”), also a publicly traded utility company. For Vectren, Mr. Edwards held various leadership roles in the accounting, audit and finance functions from February 2001 through February 2019, including Vice President and Treasurer from April 2017 to February 2019 and Vice President of Corporate Audit from August 2013 to April 2017. Prior to joining Vectren, Mr. Edwards worked in public accounting. Mr. Edwards is a Certified Public Accountant. Our executive officers serve at the discretion of the Board of Directors. There is no family relationship between any of our Directors or executive officers. Effective on April 6, 2025, Tanya E. Gordon will succeed Mr. Scibetta as our Executive Vice President – Chief Merchandising Officer. Ms. Gordon, age 60, has served as our Senior Vice President – General Merchandising Manager since March 2021. From March 2020 to March 2021, Ms. Gordon served as our Vice President – General Merchandising Manager and from March 2014 to March 2020, Ms. Gordon served as our Vice President – Divisional Merchandising Manager. In these roles of increasing responsibility, Ms. Gordon was primarily responsible for our women’s, children’s and accessories merchandise. Prior to joining the Company, Ms. Gordon gained merchandising experience at retailers Kohl’s and Parisian, among others. 13 ITEM 1A. R isk Factors Carefully consider the following risk factors and all other information contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K before making an investment decision with respect to our common stock. Investing in our common stock involves a high degree of risk. If any of the following risks actually occur, we may not be able to conduct our business as currently planned and our financial condition and operating results could be materially and adversely affected. See PART I, “Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Information” at the beginning of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Our risk factors are categorized as follows: Operational and Strategic Risks, Compliance and Litigation Risks, Human Capital Risks, Financial and Liquidity Risks and Risks Relating to the Ownership of Our Common Stock. Operational and Strategic Risks A failure to increase sales at our existing stores may adversely affect our stock price and affect our results of operations. A number of factors have historically affected, and will continue to affect, our comparable stores Net Sales results, including: • competition; • timing of holidays, including sales tax holidays; • general regional and national economic conditions, including inflation; • inclement weather and/or unseasonable weather patterns; • consumer trends, including the impact of higher prices on consumer goods; • the impact of and government response to pandemics; • fashion trends; • changes in our merchandise mix; • our ability to efficiently distribute merchandise; • timing and type of, and customer response to, sales events, promotional activities or other advertising; • the effectiveness of our inventory management; • new merchandise introductions; and • our ability to execute our business strategy effectively. Our comparable stores Net Sales results have fluctuated in the past, and in recent years, our Shoe Carnival banner comparable stores Net sales have declined, and we believe such fluctuations or declines may continue. The unpredictability of our comparable stores Net Sales may cause our revenue and results of operations to vary from quarter to quarter and year to year, and declines in Net Sales or Operating Income may cause our stock price to fluctuate significantly. We may not realize the expected operating results from, and planned growth of, our Shoe Station banner, including planned growth from our rebanner strategy. We have rebannered and are planning to continue to rebanner Shoe Carnival stores to Shoe Station stores where market data indicates the Shoe Station concept may perform better. A significant portion of our growth strategy is based on growing our Shoe Station banner through rebannering stores into Shoe Station stores, acquisitions and organic growth. Our ability to achieve our strategies will depend, in part, on our ability to realize the expected operating results from, and planned growth of, our Shoe Station banner, which we may not realize within our expected time frames, or at all. The Shoe Station banner may underperform relative to our expectations. In addition, the costs incurred to achieve these results may be greater than what we anticipate. Any of these impacts could have an adverse effect on our growth, business, results of operations and financial condition. We face significant competition in our markets, and we may be unable to compete favorably. The retail footwear industry is highly competitive with few barriers to entry. We compete primarily with department stores, shoe stores, 14 sporting goods stores, e-commerce retailers and mass merchandisers. Many of our competitors are significantly larger and have substantially greater resources than we do. Since Fiscal 2019, our Gross Profit margin has expanded and has been a key driver to the overall increase in our profitability. If our competitors become more promotional than we are, or if we match our competitors’ promotional intensity, and lower margins are not offset with increased sales or lower operating expenses, our results of operations and financial condition may be adversely affected. Adverse impacts on consumer spending may significantly harm our business and impact our promotional strategies and intensity. The success of our business depends to a significant extent upon the level of consumer spending. Consumer confidence is hypersensitive to a wide variety of influences that may affect the level of consumer spending on merchandise that we offer, including, among other factors: • military conflicts, including war, terrorism, civil unrest, other hostilities and security concerns; • inflation; • the timing and level of government stimulus payments; • energy costs, which affect gasoline and home heating prices; • general economic and industry conditions and recessionary fears; • unemployment trends and salaries and wage rates; • the level of consumer debt; • consumer credit availability; • real estate values and foreclosure rates; • consumer confidence in future economic conditions, including macroeconomic and political uncertainty and instability; • interest rates; • health care costs; • tax rates, policies and timing and amounts of tax refunds; and • natural disasters, changing weather patterns and catastrophic events, including the possibility of a pandemic resurgence. Any adverse change in these factors could result in a decrease in consumer demand for our merchandise. Reduced consumer demand could result in reduced traffic in our physical stores and to our e-commerce platform, increased selling and promotional expenses and inventory markdowns, and could cause us to close underperforming stores, which could result in higher than anticipated closing costs. Reduced demand may result in higher than normal inventory positions across our competitive landscape and may limit the prices we can charge for our merchandise and force us to adjust our promotional intensity. Any of these factors, including becoming more promotional, could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. Failure to successfully manage and execute our marketing and pricing strategies could have a negative impact on our business . Our success and growth are partially dependent on generating customer traffic in order to gain sales momentum in our physical stores and drive traffic to our e-commerce platform. Effective use of CRM data and successful marketing efforts are necessary for us to reach customers through their desired mode of communication. Our inability to accurately predict our customers’ preferences, to utilize their desired mode of communication, or to ensure availability of advertised products at effective price points could adversely affect our business and results of operations. An increase in the cost, or a disruption in the flow, of imported goods may decrease our sales and profits. We rely on imported merchandise to sell in our stores. Substantially all of our footwear product is manufactured overseas, including the merchandise we purchase from domestic vendors and the smaller portion we import directly from overseas manufacturers. Our primary footwear manufacturers are located in China. Any disruption in the supply 15 chain may increase the cost of the goods we purchase, limit our ability to acquire merchandise and decrease our sales and profits. If imported merchandise becomes more expensive or unavailable, the transition to alternative sources may not occur in time to meet our demands. Products from alternative sources may be of lesser quality and more expensive than those we currently import. Other risks associated with our use of imported goods include: • disruptions in the flow of imported goods because of factors such as electricity or raw material shortages, work stoppages, strikes, political unrest, war, pandemics and natural disasters; • changes in the political and economic environments in, the status of trade relations with, and the impact of changes in trade policies and tariffs impacting, China and other countries which are the major manufacturers of footwear; • tariffs, import duties, import quotas, anti-dumping duties and other trade sanctions; • modifications to international trade policy and/or existing trade agreements and other changes affecting United States trade relations with other countries; • problems with oceanic shipping, including shipping container shortages and piracy; • port congestion at arrival ports causing delays; • additional oceanic shipping costs to reach non-congested ports; • inland transit costs and delays resulting from port congestion; • economic crises and international disputes; • currency exchange rate fluctuations; • increases in the cost of purchasing or shipping foreign merchandise resulting from the failure to maintain normal trade relations with source countries; • increases in shipping rates imposed by the trans-Pacific shipping cartel; and • our non-compliance with the laws and regulations, and changes to such laws and regulations, in the United States and the countries where our manufacturers are located, including but not limited to requirements relating to shipping security, product safety testing, environmental requirements and anti-corruption laws. Our failure to identify fashion trends could result in lower sales, higher markdowns and lower gross profits. Our success depends upon our ability to anticipate and react to the fashion tastes of our customers and provide merchandise that satisfies consumer demand. Our failure to anticipate, identify or react appropriately to changes in consumer fashion preferences may result in lower sales, higher markdowns to reduce excess inventories and lower gross profits. Conversely, if we fail to anticipate or react to consumer demand for our products, we may experience inventory shortages, which would result in lost sales and could negatively affect our customer goodwill, our brand image and our profitability. Moreover, our business relies on continuous changes in fashion preferences. Stagnating consumer preferences could also result in lower sales and would require us to take higher markdowns to reduce excess inventories. Our failure to effectively manage our real estate portfolio may negatively impact our results of operations. Effective management of our real estate portfolio is critical to our omnichannel strategy. All of our stores are subject to leases and are primarily located in open-air shopping centers. If we fail to effectively implement our real estate strategies or negotiate appropriate lease terms or if unforeseen changes arise, the consequences could have an adverse effect on our profitability, cash flows and liquidity. The financial impact of exiting a leased location can vary greatly depending on, among other factors, the terms of the lease, the condition of the local real estate market, demand for the specific property and our relationship with the landlord, and influencing these factors is difficult. In addition to rent, we could still be responsible for the maintenance, taxes, insurance and common area maintenance (“CAM”) charges for vacant properties until the lease commitment expires or is terminated. We locate our stores primarily in open-air shopping centers where we believe our customers and potential customers shop. The success of an individual store can depend on favorable placement within a given open-air shopping center 16 and the volume of traffic generated by the other destination retailers and the anchor stores in the open-air shopping centers where our stores are located. We cannot control the development of alternative shopping destinations near our existing stores or the availability or cost of real estate within existing or new shopping destinations. If one or more of the destination retailers or anchor stores located in the open-air shopping centers where our stores are located close or leave, or if there is significant deterioration of the surrounding areas in which our stores are located, our business may be adversely affected. In addition, if our store locations fail to attract sufficient customer traffic or we are unable to locate replacement locations on terms acceptable to us, our business could suffer. Various risks associated with our e-commerce platform may adversely affect our business and results of operations. E-commerce has been an important sales channel for us. We sell shoes and related accessories through websites that we control, including www.shoecarnival.com and www.shoestation.com and through our related mobile app. We fulfill substantially all e-commerce orders from our store locations and from our Evansville distribution center. If we are unable to continue to grow our e-commerce sales or effectively manage the impact that rebannering our stores might have on our e-commerce sales channel, our sales, comparable stores Net Sales and Gross Profit may decline, and our stock price may decrease, any of which could negatively impact our results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. Our e-commerce operations are subject to numerous other risks that could have an impact on our results of operations, including: • unanticipated operating problems; • reliance on third-party computer hardware, software and service providers; • the need to continually invest in technology and security; • our ability to hire, retain and train personnel to conduct our e-commerce operations; • diversion of sales from our physical stores; • our ability to manage any upgrades or other technological changes; • our ability to provide customer-facing technology systems, including mobile technology solutions, that function reliably and provide a convenient and consistent experience for our customers; • exposure to potential liability for online content; • risks related to the failure of the computer systems that operate our e-commerce platform and the related support systems, including computer viruses, telecommunication failures and cyberattacks and break-ins and similar disruptions; and • security risks related to our electronic processing and transmission of confidential customer information. Any significant interruptions in the operations of our third-party providers, over which we have no control, could have an adverse effect on our e-commerce operations. Any breach involving our customer information could harm our reputation or result in liability including, but not limited to, fines, penalties and costs of litigation, any of which could have an adverse effect on our operating results, financial condition and cash flows. Members in our Shoe Perks customer loyalty program account for a significant portion of our sales, and any material decline in sales from our Shoe Perks members could have an adverse impact on our results of oper