ations. We believe our Shoe Perks rewards program provides our customers with a heightened shopping experience, which includes exclusive offers and personalized messaging. Rewards are earned by making purchases and participating in other point earning opportunities that facilitate engagement with our brand. We remain focused on expanding our Shoe Perks enrollment. In Fiscal 2024, purchases from Shoe Perks members were approximately 73% of our comparable stores Net Sales. If our Shoe Perks members do not continue to shop with us, our sales may be adversely affected, which could have an adverse impact on our results of operations. We may not be able to successfully execute our growth strategy, which could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Our growth strategy requires that we continue to invest in omnichannel initiatives, which requires substantial investment in technology, to expand and improve our operating and financial systems and expand, train and manage our employee base. In addition, as we create more opportunities to connect 17 with our customers through our omnichannel initiatives and as we grow the number of our physical stores, we may be unable to hire a sufficient number of qualified personnel or successfully integrate the omnichannel initiatives or new or acquired stores into our business. If we fail to successfully implement our growth strategy, our business, financial condition or results of operations could be adversely affected. The success of our growth strategy will depend on a number of other factors, some of which are out of our control, including, among other things: • the acceptance of our banners and concepts in new markets, including as a result of our rebanner strategy; • our ability to provide adequate distribution to support growth; • our ability to source sufficient levels of inventory; • our ability to resolve downtime or technical issues related to our e-commerce platform, our order management and fulfillment systems and all other related systems that support our omnichannel strategy; • our ability to execute omnichannel advertising and marketing campaigns to effectively communicate our message to our customers and our employees; • our ability to locate suitable store sites and negotiate store leases (for new stores and renewals) on favorable terms; • particularly if we expand into new markets, our ability to open a sufficient number of new stores to provide the critical mass needed for efficient advertising and effective brand recognition; • the availability of financing for capital expenditures and working capital requirements; • our ability to improve costs and timing associated with opening new stores; and • the impact of new stores on sales or profitability of existing stores in the same market. We depend on our key suppliers for merchandise and advertising support and the loss of any of our key suppliers could adversely affect our business. Our business depends upon our ability to purchase fashionable, name brand and other merchandise at competitive prices from our suppliers. Three branded suppliers, Nike, Inc., Skechers U.S.A., Inc. and Crocs, Inc., collectively accounted for approximately 48% of our Net Sales in Fiscal 2024 and 45% of our Net Sales in Fiscal 2023. Nike, Inc. and Skechers U.S.A., Inc. collectively accounted for approximately 27% of our Net Sales in Fiscal 2022. Name brand suppliers also provide us with cooperative advertising and visual merchandising funds. Certain key suppliers’ business models are changing and such changes include, but are not limited to, increased direct-to-consumer initiatives, changes in planned product allocations and reductions in the number of retailers with which they are choosing to do business. A loss of any of our key suppliers in certain product categories or our inability to obtain name brand or other merchandise from suppliers at competitive prices could have an adverse effect on our business. As is common in the industry, we do not have any long‑term contracts with our suppliers. We may experience difficulties in integrating Rogan’s and realizing the expected operating results, synergies, growth opportunities and other benefits of the acquisition. The success of the Rogan’s acquisition will depend, in part, on our ability to realize growth opportunities and achieve other benefits from acquiring Rogan’s. We may not realize further synergies, maintain the synergies gained to date or maintain the operating results realized in Fiscal 2024 from the Rogan’s business, or grow those results in future periods, as Rogan’s may underperform relative to our expectations. Any of these impacts could have an adverse effect on our growth opportunities, business, results of operations and financial condition. We may not be able to identify or consummate future acquisitions or achieve expected benefits from or effectively integrate future acquisitions. From time to time, we expect to evaluate selective acquisitions and strategic investments. Future acquisitions involve many risks that could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations or financial condition, including: • our ability to identify suitable acquisition candidates, prevail against competing potential acquirers and negotiate and consummate acquisitions on terms attractive to us; • any acquired business not achieving anticipated revenues, earnings, cash flow or market share; 18 • the potential loss of key employees, vendors or suppliers of the acquired company or adverse effects on our existing relationships with our vendors and suppliers; • the failure of our due diligence procedures to detect material issues related to the acquired business, including exposure to legal claims for activities of the acquired business prior to the acquisition; • unexpected liabilities resulting from the acquisition for which we may not be adequately indemnified; • the integration of the personnel, operations, logistics, information technologies, communications, purchasing, accounting, marketing, administration and other systems and the establishment of internal controls into the acquired company’s operations; • the diversion of management attention and financial resources from our current operations; • the potential incurrence of debt to fund an acquisition; • any unforeseen management and operational difficulties; and • incorrect estimates made in accounting for acquisitions, incurrence of non-recurring charges and write-offs of significant amounts of goodwill or other assets that could adversely affect our financial results. Our inability to achieve the anticipated benefits of any future acquisitions and other investments could adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. Natural disasters, public health crises, political crises and other catastrophic events or other events outside of our control may damage our facilities or the facilities of third parties on which we depend and could impact our supply chain and access to customers. Our facilities, including our Evansville distribution center, our corporate headquarters and other offices and our retail stores, and the facilities of our third-party vendors and service providers could suffer if affected by: • natural disasters, such as fires, earthquakes, explosions, hurricanes, power shortages or outages, floods, monsoons, ice storms or tornadoes; • public health crises such as pandemics and epidemics; • political crises such as terrorism, war, political instability, civil unrest or other conflict; or • other events outside of our control. We currently operate a primary distribution center located in Evansville, Indiana. Virtually all merchandise received by our physical stores is, and will be, shipped through this distribution center. A disaster occurring at this distribution center would be significant and we could be unable to effectively deliver merchandise to our stores for an extended period. Disasters occurring at our distribution center located in Evansville, Indiana, our corporate headquarters and other offices, our retail stores or the infrastructure of a key third-party vendor or service provider also could impact our reputation and our customers’ perception of our brand. In the event of a severe disruption resulting from such events, we have contingency plans and employ crisis management to respond and recover operations. Despite these measures, if such an occurrence were to occur, our results of operations and financial condition could be adversely affected. We could be adversely affected if our information technology systems fail to operate effectively, are disrupted or are compromised. We rely on our information technology systems in operating and monitoring major aspects of our business, including sales, warehousing, distribution, purchasing, inventory control, merchandise planning and replenishment, point-of-sale support and financial systems. We regularly make investments to upgrade, enhance or replace our systems as well as leverage new technologies to support our operational strategies. Any delays or difficulties with such projects could have an adverse effect on our operational results, financial position and cash flows. The reliability and capacity of our information technology systems, and in particular our distribution technology operations, are critical to our continued operations. We currently operate a primary distribution center in Evansville, Indiana. Virtually all merchandise received by our physical stores is, and will be, shipped through this distribution center. We fulfill substantially all of our e-commerce orders from our store locations and our primary distribution 19 center. Given that we have one primary distribution center, virtually any technology disruption there could be significant to our operations. Our corporate computer network is essential to our distribution process. Despite our precautionary efforts, our information technology systems are vulnerable from time to time to damage or interruption from, among other things, natural or man-made disasters, technical malfunctions, inadequate systems capacity, power outages, terrorist attacks, computer viruses and security breaches, which may require significant investment to fix or replace. If our primary distribution center is shut down for any reason, if our information technology systems do not operate effectively or if we are the target of attacks or security breaches, we may suffer the loss of critical data, we could incur significantly higher costs and longer lead times associated with distributing our products to our stores, our ability to operate our e-commerce platform may be impacted and we could experience other interruptions or delays to our operations, which could have an adverse effect on our operating and financial performance. We outsource certain business processes to third-party vendors and have certain business relationships that subject us to risks, including disruptions to our business and increased costs. We rely on third-party suppliers for our merchandise and outsource some of our business processes to third-party vendors. Our relationships with these business partners expose us to risks, including disruptions in our business and increased costs. In addition, other matters involving our business partners could have an adverse effect on our business and financial results. These include, but are not limited to: • changes in the public’s perception of the reputation and brand of the business partner as a result of matters such as its labor and wage standards, business practices or marketing campaigns; • our inability to properly manage a business partner relationship; • any data losses or information security lapses by a business partner that results in the compromise of personal information or the improper use or disclosure of sensitive information; and • any misconduct by a business partner involving matters such as fraud or other improper or unethical activities conducted by the business partner or its non-compliance with our policies and procedures or with laws and regulations, including laws and regulations regarding the use and safeguarding of information, labor practices, environmental, health or safety matters and lobbying or similar activities. Failure of our business partners to provide adequate services or our inability to arrange for alternative providers on favorable terms in a timely manner could disrupt our business, increase our costs or otherwise adversely affect our business and our financial results. Failure to maintain positive brand perception and recognition could have a negative impact on our business. Maintaining a good reputation is critical to our business. In recent years, there has been a marked increase in the use of social media platforms, including blogs, chat platforms, social media websites and other forms of internet-based communications that provide access to a broad audience of consumers and other persons. The popularity of social media and other consumer-oriented technologies has increased the speed and accessibility of information dissemination. If we are unable to quickly and effectively respond to the dissemination of negative information about us via social media or any other incidents negatively impacting our reputation and brand, we may suffer declines in customer loyalty and traffic and we may experience vendor relationship issues and other issues, regardless of the information’s accuracy, all of which could negatively affect our financial results. In addition, we frequently use social media to communicate with customers and the public in general. Failure to use social media effectively could negatively impact our brand value and revenues. Emerging technologies may create disruption to the retail industry. New and emerging technology may enable new approaches or choices for how our customers procure goods and services and pay for those goods and services. We may be unable to quickly adapt to rapid change resulting from artificial intelligence, blockchain, Internet of Things, including voice and smart home devices, and other advanced technologies that may result in changes to our supply chain, distribution channels and point-of-sale capabilities. Our quarterly operating results can fluctuate due to seasonality, weather conditions and other factors. Our quarterly results of operations have fluctuated and are expected to continue to fluctuate in the future, primarily as a 20 result of seasonal variances, weather conditions and the timing of sales and costs associated with opening new stores and closing existing stores. We have three distinct peak selling periods: Easter, back-to-school and Christmas. To prepare for our peak shopping seasons, we must order and keep in stock significantly more merchandise than we would carry during other periods of the year. Reductions in demand for our merchandise during these peak shopping seasons could require us to sell excess inventory at a substantial markdown, which could reduce our Net Sales and margins and negatively affect our profitability. Our operating results depend significantly upon the sales generated during these periods, and our quarterly results may be impacted by calendar shifts of holiday or seasonal periods. We also increase our inventory levels to offer styles particularly suited for the relevant season, such as sandals in the early summer season and boots during the winter season. If the weather conditions for a particular season vary significantly from those typical for such season, such as an unusually cold early summer or an unusually warm winter, consumer demand for the seasonally appropriate merchandise that we have available in our stores has been in the past, and in the future could be, adversely affected and negatively impact Net Sales and margins. Lower demand for seasonally appropriate merchandise may leave us with an excess inventory of our seasonally appropriate products, forcing us to sell these products at significantly discounted prices and adversely affecting our Net Sales, margins and operating cash flow. Conversely, if weather conditions permit us to sell our seasonal product early in the season, this may reduce inventory levels needed to meet our customers’ needs later in that same season. Consequently, our results of operations are highly dependent on somewhat predictable weather conditions and our ability to react to changes in weather conditions. Other factors that may affect our quarterly results of operations include: • fashion trends; • the timing and amount of income tax refunds to customers; • the effectiveness of our inventory management; • changes in general economic conditions, including inflation and consumer spending patterns; and • actions of competitors or co-tenants. If our future quarterly results fail to meet the expectations of research analysts, then the market price of our common stock could decline substantially. We are exposed to physical and financial risks related to the uncertainty of climate change. A changing climate creates uncertainty and could result in broad changes, both physical and financial in nature, to our retail, distribution and corporate locations. These impacts could include, but are not limited to: • population shifts; • changes in the level of annual rainfall; • changes in the overall average temperature; and • changes to the frequency and severity of weather events such as hurricanes and other wind related events, thunderstorms, tornadoes and ice storms that can damage our facilities and impact our supply chain and distribution channels. Such changes could impact us in a number of ways including limiting available real estate; changing the demographics of our customer base and employees; increasing the likelihood of capital expenditures to replace damaged infrastructure; and increasing the cost of insurance. Compliance and Litigation Risks Failure to protect the integrity and security of individually identifiable data of our customers and employees could expose us to litigation and damage our reputation. We receive and maintain certain personal, sensitive and 21 confidential information about our customers, vendors and employees. The collection and use of this information are regulated and are subject to certain contractual restrictions in third-party contracts. Non-compliance with these regulations and contractual restrictions may subject us to fines, penalties, restrictions and expulsion from credit card acceptance programs and civil liability. Although we have implemented processes to collect and protect the integrity and security of this personal information, there can be no assurance that this information will not be obtained by unauthorized persons, or collected or used inappropriately, including as a result of cybersecurity breaches, acts of vandalism, computer viruses, credit card fraud or phishing. Advanced cybersecurity threats are persistent and continue to evolve, making them increasingly difficult to identify and prevent. If our security and information systems or the systems of our employees or external business partners are compromised or our employees or external business partners fail to comply with these laws and regulations and this information is obtained by unauthorized persons, or collected or used inappropriately, our reputation, as well as our operations and financial results, could be negatively affected and litigation or regulatory action against us or the imposition of costs, fines or other penalties could also occur. As privacy and information security laws and regulations change, we may incur additional costs to remain in compliance. We may not have adequate insurance coverage for all potential liabilities. Natural risks, as well as other hazards associated with our operations, can result in personal injury, severe damage or destruction to our owned assets, leasehold improvements and inventory, suspension of our operations, and cybersecurity breaches. Our insurance covers costs relating to specified, limited matters, such as events involving casualty losses and property losses due to fire and windstorms, as well as securities litigation and certain cybersecurity incidents, but does not cover other events such as acts of war or terrorist attacks. We maintain an amount of insurance protection we believe is appropriate, but there can be no assurance that the amount of insurance will be sufficient or effective under all circumstances and against all hazards or liabilities to which we may be subject. A claim for which we are not adequately insured could have an adverse effect on our financial condition. Further, due to the cyclical nature and current hardening of the insurance markets, we cannot provide assurance that insurance coverage will continue to be available on terms similar to those presently in place. We are subject to periodic litigation and other regulatory proceedings, which could result in the unexpected expenditure of time and resources. We are a defendant from time to time in lawsuits and regulatory actions relating to our business. Due to the inherent uncertainties of litigation and regulatory proceedings, we cannot accurately predict the ultimate outcome of such proceedings. An unfavorable outcome could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. In addition, regardless of the outcome of any litigation or regulatory proceedings, such proceedings are expensive and will require us to devote substantial resources and executive time to defend, thereby diverting management’s attention and resources that are needed to successfully run our business. Human Capital Risks Our failure to manage key executive succession and retention could adversely affect our business. Our business would be adversely affected if we fail to retain key executives, or to adequately plan for the succession of members of our executive management team. While we have succession plans in place for members of our executive management team, and continue to review and update those plans, and we have employment agreements with certain key executive officers, these plans and agreements do not guarantee that the services of our executive officers will continue to be available to us or that we will be able to find suitable management personnel to replace departing executives on a timely basis. Our failure to attract and retain qualified personnel and control labor costs could adversely affect our business. Our business model requires us to train, motivate and manage our employees and to attract, motivate and retain additional qualified managerial and merchandising personnel. Our ability to control costs and meet our labor needs in a rising wage and inflationary environment is subject to external factors such as unemployment levels, prevailing wage rates paid by those with whom we compete for talent, health care and minimum wage legislation, and changing demographics. If we are unable to attract and retain quality sales associates and management, embrace automation, such as robot, artificial intelligence, and self-checkout technology, as necessary, or if market conditions or changes to minimum wage laws result in the need for higher wages paid to employees, our ability to meet our growth goals or to sustain expected levels of profitability may be compromised and our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows may be adversely affected. 22 Financial and Liquidity Risks We will require significant funds to implement our business strategy and meet our other liquidity needs. We may not generate sufficient cash flow from operations or obtain sufficient borrowings under our credit agreement to finance our business strategy and meet our other liquidity needs. Failure to generate or raise sufficient funds may require us to modify, delay or abandon some of our future growth or expenditure plans. We may utilize our credit agreement to fund working capital, including inventory purchases, and special purpose standby letters of credit, as needed. Significant decreases in cash flow from operations could result in our borrowing under the credit agreement to fund operational needs. If we borrow funds under our credit agreement and interest rates materially increase, our financial results could be adversely affected. Financial market volatility could have an adverse effect on the sources and costs of financing available to us. The capital and credit markets have experienced, and may continue to experience, volatility and disruption, which could, among other impacts, make obtaining other sources of debt more difficult and increase our borrowing costs or limit other potential sources of financing available to us. If our long-lived assets become impaired, we may need to record significant non-cash impairment charges. Periodically, we review our long-lived assets for impairment whenever economic events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value of an asset may not be recoverable, and certain intangible assets, such as goodwill and non-amortizing trade names, are evaluated annually regardless of triggering events. Significant negative industry or general economic trends, disruptions to our business and unexpected significant changes or planned changes in our use of the assets (such as store relocations or closures) have resulted, and in the future may result, in impairment charges. Any such impairment charges, if significant, would adversely affect our financial position and results of operations. Failure to maintain effective internal control over financial reporting could result in a loss of investor confidence in our financial reports and have an adverse effect on our stock price. We must continue to document, test and evaluate our internal control over financial reporting in order to satisfy the requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, which requires annual reports by management regarding the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting and a report by our independent registered public accounting firm attesting to the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting. We have expended, and expect that we will continue to expend, significant management time and resources documenting and testing our internal control over financial reporting. If we conclude in future periods that our internal control over financial reporting is not effective, it could result in lost investor confidence in the accuracy, reliability and completeness of our financial reports. Any such events could have an adverse effect on our stock price. Risks Relating to the Ownership of Our Common Stock Perception of the overall retail industry and other macroeconomic conditions may impact our stock price and operations. The retail industry continues to evolve and undergo structural change. This evolution and structural change have resulted in the bankruptcy and/or reorganization of various footwear specific and other publicly traded retailers. Despite our best efforts to differentiate our business model and processes, our stock price has fluctuated as a result of perceptions of the overall retail environment and investor confidence in the retail sector. The volatility in our stock price could be exacerbated by macroeconomic conditions that affect the market generally or our industry in particular and could have the effect of diverting management’s attention and could harm our business. We cannot provide any assurance that perception of the retail industry overall and other macroeconomic conditions will not continue to impact our stock price or our ability to engage business partners on terms acceptable to us. Our stock price may be volatile and could decline substantially. The stock market has, from time to time, experienced extreme price and volume fluctuations. Many factors may cause the market price for our common stock to decline, including: • operating results failing to meet the expectations of securities analysts or investors in any quarter; • downward revisions in securities analysts’ estimates; • material announcements by us or our competitors; and 23 • the other risk factors cited in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. The price of our common stock may decline and the value of any investment in our common stock may be reduced regardless of our performance. In the past, companies that have experienced volatility in the market price of their stock have been the subject of securities class action litigation. If we become involved in securities class action litigation in the future, it could result in substantial costs and diversion of management attention and resources, thus harming our business. We cannot guarantee that we will continue to make dividend payments or that we will repurchase stock pursuant to our stock repurchase program. Our Board of Directors determines if it is in our best interest to pay a dividend to our shareholders and the amount of any dividend and declares all dividend payments. In the future, our results of operations and financial condition may not allow for a dividend to be declared, or the Board of Directors may decide not to continue to declare dividends. In addition, our current share repurchase program authorizes the purchase of up to $50 million of our common stock through December 31, 2025. However, we are not obligated to make any purchases under the share repurchase program and the program may be amended, suspended or discontinued at any time. We are controlled by our principal shareholders. J. Wayne Weaver, our Chairman of the Board of Directors, and his spouse together beneficially own approximately 33.8% of our outstanding common stock. In addition, Mr. Weaver's adult daughter is the sole trustee of several grantor retained annuity trusts and, as a result, beneficially owns less than 5% of our outstanding common stock held by such trusts. Accordingly, the Weaver family is able to exert substantial influence over our management and operations. In addition, their interests may differ from, or be opposed to, the interests of our other shareholders, and their ownership may have the effect of delaying or preventing a change in control that may be favored by other shareholders. Provisions of our organizational documents and Indiana law might deter acquisition bids for us. Our Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation, our By-Laws and Indiana corporate laws contain provisions that may discourage other persons from attempting to acquire control of us, including, without limitation, a Board of Directors that has staggered three-year terms for its members, supermajority voting provisions, restrictions on the ability of shareholders to call a special meeting of shareholders and advance notice requirements in connection with shareholder proposals or director nominations. Additionally, the Board of Directors has the authority to issue preferred stock in one or more series without the approval of the holders of our common stock. Further, Indiana corporate law contains business combination provisions that, in general, prohibit for five years any business combination with a beneficial owner of 10% or more of our common stock unless the holder’s acquisition of the stock was approved in advance by our Board of Directors. Indiana corporate law also contains control share acquisition provisions that limit the ability of certain shareholders to vote their shares unless their control share acquisition is approved. In certain circumstances, the fact that corporate devices are in place that inhibit or discourage takeover attempts could reduce the market value of our common stock. 24 ITEM 1B. Unresolv ed staff comments None. ITEM 1C. CYBE RSECURITY Risk Management and Strategy Daily, we are threatened by system intrusions, social engineering attempts and web application attacks. These threats and attempts are directed at payment data, employee credentials, system passwords and personal information. We have developed and implemented a risk-based framework to address them. We consider cybersecurity a top risk within our enterprise risk management protocol, which is subject to oversight by our Board of Directors. Our risk-based processes, as designed, seek to maintain physical, administrative and technical controls that protect the confidentiality, integrity and availability of our information systems and information stored on our network, including customer information, personal information, intellectual property and proprietary information. We use the National Institute of Standards and Technology Cybersecurity Framework (the “NIST CSF”) as a guideline for our cybersecurity framework. This does not imply that we meet any technical standards, specifications or requirements under the NIST CSF, only that we use the NIST CSF as a framework to help us identify, assess and manage cybersecurity risks related to our business. Our policies for overall general information technology controls are also influenced by the Control Objectives for Information and Related Technologies, which align with the NIST CST. Our key cybersecurity processes are organized into four primary categories: • Outage and access: these processes address system intrusion and credential and password threats and risks; • Payment and loyalty rewards: these processes protect the information of our customers; • Personal data: these processes protect the payroll and healthcare data of our current and former employees and vendor information; and • Vendor partner security: these processes review the infrastructure and security processes of vendor partners that process transactions, provide cloud-based solutions and provide the backbone for our data flow. Key elements of our cybersecurity processes include, but are not limited to, the following: • Firewalls, data encryption and tokenization, multifactor authentication and data backup, among other safeguarding tactics; • Routine tests of our back up processes, the physical security of our data storage and access to systems via penetration testing; • A security team principally responsible for managing (1) our cybersecurity risk assessment processes, (2) our security controls, and (3) our response to cybersecurity incidents; • Training and testing of the diligence and awareness of our employees regarding social engineering email and other cybersecurity schemes and risks; • Engaging third-party cybersecurity companies periodically to assess our cybersecurity posture and assist with identifying and remediating cybersecurity risks ; and • Contractual commitments from vendor partners and a review of controls at vendor partners via System and Organization Controls reports. 25 Governance Our Board of Directors oversees and guides our business and oversees our exposure to major risks. As stated in its charter, our Board of Directors has delegated to the Audit Committee, which currently includes the Board members with cybersecurity acumen, the responsibility for Board-level oversight of cybersecurity risk. As part of its oversight role, the Audit Committee receives reports about our protocols, material threats or incidents and other developments related to cybersecurity. These cybersecurity reports are provided to our Audit Committee at least annually, and these reports are delivered by our Senior Vice President and Chief Information Officer (“CIO”). Our CIO has over 30 years of experience with our information systems and is versed in cybersecurity frameworks and best practices. A security committee assists the CIO with developing controls, selecting vendor partners, identifying emerging threats and implementing best practices within our risk-based framework. Our security team is comprised of professionals with cybersecurity certifications and specialized training. The CIO addresses how we allocate capital resources to our cybersecurity processes with our executive leadership team, which includes our Chief Executive Officer, Chief Operating Officer, Chief Merchandising Officer and Chief Financial Officer. The CIO reports directly to our Chief Operating Officer. Process to Access, Identify and Manage Material Risks from Cybersecurity Threats When a cybersecurity incident occurs or we identify a vulnerability, our CIO and our security committee, which is described in more detail under “Governance” above, are responsible for leading the initial risk assessment, and external experts may also be engaged and our Audit Committee or full Board may also be consulted. If a breach of our control structure were to occur, our executive leadership team, Audit Committee and counsel would be briefed by the CIO and a determination would be made on whether such issue is material to warrant disclosure. As of February 1, 2025, we have not identified any risks from cybersecurity threats that have materially affected or are reasonably likely to materially affect us, including our operations, business strategy, results of operations, cash flow or financial condition. Even with our current control processes and a continuous improvement mindset, cybersecurity threats constantly evolve. If the measures we have employed were to fail, or if a breach were to occur, it could result in impairment or loss of critical functions, such as the operation of our e-commerce websites, our Evansville distribution center, our corporate network and/or our point-of-sale systems, as examples. Additionally, confidential information could be compromised, or we could be defrauded or ransomed for a material amount of funds. Any of these outcomes could negatively affect our reputation and customer loyalty. The ultimate effects of a breach or loss in function or confidential information are difficult to quantify with any certainty, but such loss may be partially limited through insurance. See “Risk Factors—We could be adversely affected if our information technology systems fail to operate effectively, are disrupted or are compromised”, “—Various risks associated with our e-commerce platform may adversely affect our business and results of operations” and “—We outsource certain business processes to third-party vendors and have certain business relationships that subject us to risks, including disruptions to our business and increased costs” in PART I, ITEM 1A of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, which risk factors are incorporated by reference into this section of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 26 ITEM 2. PROPERTIES Physical Stores As of our Fiscal 2024 year end, we leased our 430 stores located across 36 states and Puerto Rico. Approximately 98% of the leases for our existing stores provide for fixed minimum rentals and approximately 48% provide for contingent rental payments based upon various specified percentages of sales. Certain leases also contain escalation clauses for increases in minimum rentals, operating costs and taxes. Our stores utilize between 8,000 and 20,000 square feet of leased space. The sales area comprises substantially all (greater than 80%) of our typical gross store footprint. Following is a roll forward of our leased locations over the last five years: Historical Store Count Fiscal Years 2024 2023 2022 2021 2020 Stores open at the beginning of the year 400 397 393 383 392 New store openings 4 5 4 1 4 Stores acquired 28 0 0 21 0 Permanently closed (2 ) (2 ) 0 (12 ) (13 ) Stores open at the end of the year 430 400 397 393 383 Stores relocated 2 0 0 2 0 Stores rebannered 10 0 0 0 0 We performed a store improvement plan that was completed in Fiscal 2021. As part of that plan, we identified underperforming stores and worked to address these stores' performance through renegotiation of lease terms, relocation, or closure. While we continue to actively monitor our store portfolio, we do not expect any further significant closures over 