10-K 1 f10k2019_hennessycapital4.htm ANNUAL REPORT UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 Form
10-K ☒ ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(D) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For
the fiscal year ended December 31, 2019 ☐ TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(D) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For
the transition period from to Commission
file number: 001-38821 HENNESSY CAPITAL ACQUISITION CORP.
IV (Exact name of registrant as specified
in its charter) Delaware | 83-1476189
(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) | (I.R.S. Employer Identification Number) 3485 N. Pines Way, Suite 110 Wilson, WY | 83014
(Address of principal executive offices) | (Zip Code) Registrant’s telephone number: (307)
734-4849 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b)
of the Act: Title of Each Class | Trading Symbol(s) | Name of Each Exchange on Which Registered
Class A Common Stock, par value $0.0001 per share | HCAC | The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC
Redeemable Warrants, each whole warrant exercisable for one share of Class A Common Stock at an exercise price of $11.50 | HCACW | The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC
Units, each consisting of one share of Class A Common Stock and three-quarters of one Redeemable Warrant | HCACU | The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g)
of the Act: None Indicate by check mark if the registrant
is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes ☐ No ☒ Indicate by check mark if the registrant
is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act. Yes ☐ No ☒ Indicate by check mark whether the
registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of
1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and
(2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes ☒ No ☐ Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant
to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (§ 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that
the registrant was required to submit such files). Yes ☒ No ☐ Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting company or an emerging growth company.
See definitions of “large accelerated filer,” “accelerated filer,” “smaller reporting company”
and “emerging growth company” in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. Large accelerated filer ☐ | Accelerated filer ☐
Non-accelerated filer ☒ | Smaller reporting company ☒
Emerging growth company ☒ If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for
complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. ☐ Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes ☒ No ☐ As of June 28, 2019, the last business day
of the registrant’s most recently completed second fiscal quarter, the aggregate market value of the Class A common stock
outstanding, other than shares held by persons who may be deemed affiliates of the registrant, computed by reference to the closing
sales price for the Class A common stock on June 28, 2019, as reported on the Nasdaq Capital Market, was approximately $297,148,500. As of March 13, 2020, there were 30,015,000 shares of
class A common stock, and 7,503,750 shares of class B common stock issued and outstanding. TABLE OF CONTENTS PAGE
PART I
Item 1. | Business | 1
Item 1A. | Risk Factors | 22
Item 1B. | Unresolved Staff Comments | 51
Item 2. | Properties | 51
Item 3. | Legal Proceedings | 51
Item 4. | Mine Safety Disclosures | 51
PART II
Item 5. | Market for Registrant’s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities | 52
Item 6. | Selected Financial Data | 52
Item 7. | Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations | 53
Item 7A. | Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk | 59
Item 8. | Financial Statements and Supplementary Data | 59
Item 9. | Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure | 59
Item 9A. | Controls and Procedures | 59
Item 9B. | Other Information | 59
PART III
Item 10. | Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance | 60
Item 11. | Executive Compensation | 69
Item 12. | Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters | 71
Item 13. | Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence | 72
Item 14. | Principal Accounting Fees and Services | 74
PART IV
Item 15. | Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules | 75
Item 16. | Form 10-K Summary | 75 i CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING
STATEMENTS This Annual Report on Form 10-K (the “Report”),
including, without limitation, statements under the heading “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition
and Results of Operations,” includes forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act
of 1933 and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the “Exchange Act”). These forward-looking statements
can be identified by the use of forward-looking terminology, including the words “believes,” “estimates,”
“anticipates,” “expects,” “intends,” “plans,” “may,” “will,”
“potential,” “projects,” “predicts,” “continue,” or “should,” or,
in each case, their negative or other variations or comparable terminology. There can be no assurance that actual results will
not materially differ from expectations. Such statements include, but are not limited to, any statements relating to our ability
to consummate any acquisition or other business combination and any other statements that are not statements of current or historical
facts. These statements are based on management’s current expectations, but actual results may differ materially due to
various factors, including, but not limited to: ● | our ability to complete our initial business combination; ● | our success in retaining or recruiting, or changes required in, our officers, key employees or directors following our initial business combination; ● | our officers and directors allocating their time to other businesses and potentially having conflicts of interest with our business or in approving our initial business combination, as a result of which they would then receive expense reimbursements; ● | our potential ability to obtain additional financing to complete our initial business combination; ● | our pool of prospective target businesses; ● | failure to maintain the listing on, or the delisting of our securities from, Nasdaq or an inability to have our securities listed on Nasdaq or another national securities exchange following our initial business combination; ● | the ability of our officers and directors to generate a number of potential investment opportunities; ● | our public securities’ potential liquidity and trading; ● | the lack of a market for our securities; ● | the use of proceeds not held in the trust account or available to us from interest income on the trust account balance; or ● | our financial performance. The forward-looking statements contained
in this Report are based on our current expectations and beliefs concerning future developments and their potential effects on
us. Future developments affecting us may not be those that we have anticipated. These forward-looking statements involve a number
of risks, uncertainties (some of which are beyond our control) and other assumptions that may cause actual results or performance
to be materially different from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. These risks and uncertainties
include, but are not limited to, those factors described under the heading “Risk Factors.” Should one or more of these
risks or uncertainties materialize, or should any of our assumptions prove incorrect, actual results may vary in material respects
from those projected in these forward-looking statements. We undertake no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements,
whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as may be required under applicable securities laws.
These risks and others described under “Risk Factors” may not be exhaustive. ii By their nature, forward-looking
statements involve risks and uncertainties because they relate to events and depend on circumstances that may or may not occur
in the future. We caution you that forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and that our actual results
of operations, financial condition and liquidity, and developments in the industry in which we operate may differ materially from
those made in or suggested by the forward-looking statements contained in this Report. In addition, even if our results or operations,
financial condition and liquidity, and developments in the industry in which we operate are consistent with the forward-looking
statements contained in this Report, those results or developments may not be indicative of results or developments in subsequent
periods. Unless otherwise stated
in this Report, or the context otherwise requires, references to: ● | “common stock” are to our Class A common stock and our Class B common stock, collectively; ● | “founder shares” are to shares of our Class B common stock initially purchased by our sponsor in a private placement prior to our initial public offering, and the shares of our Class A common stock issued upon the conversion thereof as described herein; ● | “initial stockholders” are to our sponsor and any other holders of our founder shares (or their permitted transferees); ● | “management” or our “management team” are to our officers and directors; ● | “private placement warrants” are to the warrants issued to our sponsor in a private placement simultaneously with the closing of our initial public offering; ● | “public shares” are to shares of our Class A common stock sold as part of the units in our initial public offering (whether they were purchased in such offering or thereafter in the open market); ● | “public stockholders” are to the holders of our public shares, including our initial stockholders and management team to the extent our initial stockholders and/or members of our management team purchase public shares, provided that each initial stockholder’s and member of our management team’s status as a “public stockholder” shall only exist with respect to such public shares; ● | “public warrants” are to our redeemable warrants sold as part of the units in our initial public offering (whether they were purchased in our initial public offering or thereafter in the open market) and to any private placement warrants or warrants issued upon conversion of working capital loans that are sold to third parties that are not initial purchasers or executive officers or directors (or permitted transferees) following the consummation of our initial business combination; ● | “sponsor” are to Hennessy Capital Partners IV LLC, a Delaware limited liability company; ● | “warrants” are to our redeemable warrants, which includes the public warrants as well as the private placement warrants to the extent they are no longer held by the initial purchasers of the private placement warrants or their permitted transferees; and ● | “we,” “us,” “company” or “our company” are to Hennessy Capital Acquisition Corp. IV. iii PART I Item 1. | Business. Overview We are an early stage blank check company
incorporated in August 2018 as a Delaware corporation and formed for the purpose of effecting a merger, capital stock exchange,
asset acquisition, stock purchase, reorganization or similar business combination with one or more businesses, which we refer
to throughout this Report as our initial business combination. While we may pursue an acquisition opportunity
in any business, industry, sector or geographical location, we are focusing on industries that complement our management team’s
background, and to capitalize on the ability of our management team to identify and acquire a business, focusing on industrial,
infrastructure solutions and value-added distribution sectors in the United States (which may include a business based in
the United States which has operations or opportunities outside of the United States). We are seeking to acquire one or more businesses
with an aggregate enterprise value of $750 million or greater. Business Opportunity Overview Our strategy is to identify, acquire and,
after our initial business combination, build and grow, a U.S. industrial, infrastructure solutions or value-added distribution
business. These types of companies manufacture and/or distribute products or provide critical services to a broad range of customers
and end use markets. We believe that a sustained industrial renaissance is now underway in the United States. Further, we believe
that years of under-investment in new capital projects (in favor of maintaining existing infrastructure) have resulted in
a need for large-scale investment across all key infrastructure verticals. The American Society of Civil Engineers, or ASCE,
in its latest report (Failure to Act 2016), estimates the United States infrastructure investment needs through 2025 at over $3.3
trillion across basic infrastructure systems, including surface transportation, water/wastewater, electricity, airports, waterways
and ports. Catalyst for Growth As a continuous independent SPAC sponsor,
Hennessy Capital believes it has demonstrated that a partnership through one of its SPAC vehicles is a “Catalyst for Growth”.
Hennessy Capital intends to focus on opportunities that will deliver outsized growth to its investors. It believes its prior business
combinations have enabled its business targets to accelerate their growth through more efficient access to capital. We believe
our sponsor’s history of providing access to growth capital via an accelerated public listing supports our investment thesis
and strategy, and has helped our sponsor’s partner companies deliver operational and financial growth and create value for
stockholders. Competitive Strengths Experienced SPAC Management Team with Business Combination
Success Our team is led by Daniel J. Hennessy,
our Chairman and CEO, who is one of the longest tenured and most experienced SPAC sponsor executives. In September 2013, Mr. Hennessy
became Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer of Hennessy Capital Acquisition Corp., or Hennessy I, which merged with
School Bus Holdings Inc., or SBH, in February 2015 and is now known as Blue Bird Corporation (NASDAQ: BLBD), and from February
2015 to March 2019, served as its Vice Chairman. From April 2015 to February 2017, Mr. Hennessy served as Chairman of the
Board and Chief Executive Officer of Hennessy Capital Acquisition Corp. II, or Hennessy II, which merged with Daseke in February
2017 and is now known as Daseke, Inc. (NASDAQ: DSKE), and has served as Vice Chairman since February 2017. From January 2017 to
October 2018, Mr. Hennessy served as Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer of Hennessy Capital Acquisition Corp.
III, or Hennessy III, which merged with NRC Group Holdings, LLC, a global provider of comprehensive environmental, compliance
and waste management services, and is currently a wholly-owned subsidiary of US Ecology, Inc. (NASDAQ: ECOL), and served as a
director from January 2017 to October 2019. In addition, Greg Ethridge, our President and Chief Operating Officer, served as President
of Matlin & Partners Acquisition Corporation, a SPAC which merged with USWS Holdings LLC, a growth- and technology-oriented oilfield
service company focused exclusively on hydraulic fracturing for oil and natural gas exploration and production companies, in November
2018, and is now known as U.S. Well Services, Inc. (NASDAQ: USWS). Mr. Ethridge will be entitled to a $500,000 fee from us
upon the successful completion of our initial business combination. 1 We believe that potential sellers of target
businesses will view the fact that members of our management team have successfully closed four business combinations with vehicles
similar to our company as positive factors in considering whether or not to enter into a business combination with us. However,
past performance by members of our management team is not a guarantee of success with respect to any business combination we may
consummate. We believe our management team is well
positioned to take advantage of the growing set of acquisition opportunities focused on industrial, infrastructure solutions and
value-added distribution companies in the United States, to create value for our stockholders, and that our contacts and
relationships, ranging from owners of private and public companies, private equity funds, investment bankers, attorneys, accountants
and business brokers, will allow us to generate attractive acquisition opportunities. Our management team is led by Daniel J.
Hennessy, who has over 25 years of experience in the private equity investment business and served as Chief Executive Officer
of Hennessy I, Hennessy II and Hennessy III. Members of our management team are not obligated to devote any specific number of
hours to our matters but they devote as much of their time as they deem necessary to our affairs until we have completed our initial
business combination. The amount of time that Mr. Hennessy or any other members of our management devotes in any time period
varies based on whether a target business has been selected for our initial business combination and the current stage of the
business combination process. Our Board of Directors We have recruited and organized a group
of eight highly accomplished and engaged directors who have brought to us public company governance, executive leadership, operations
oversight and capital markets expertise. Our Board members have served as directors, chief executive officers, chief financial
officers or in other executive and advisory capacities for numerous publicly-listed and privately-owned companies and
private equity firms. Our directors have extensive experience with acquisitions, divestitures and corporate strategy and possess
relevant domain expertise in the sectors where we expect to source business combination targets and including, but not limited
to, chemicals, diversified industrials, metals, equipment rental, telecom, water, transportation and energy infrastructure. We
believe their collective expertise, contacts and relationships make us a highly competitive and desirable merger partner. Finally,
all of our directors are individual investors in Hennessy Capital Partners IV LLC, our sponsor. In addition to supporting us in the areas
of investment origination, assessments of key risks and opportunities and due diligence, members of our board of directors may
also support us after the completion of our business combination in overseeing our investment management and value creation plan
and strategy where relevant expertise exists. We believe the significant experience of our directors have made us a more attractive
merger partner. For example, James O’Neil, an independent director of Hennessy III, joined the NRC Group board of directors
after completion of its business combination. Mr. O’Neil is the former CEO and director of Quanta Services (NYSE: PWR),
a leading integrated infrastructure solutions provider. Mr. O’Neil played a key role in building Quanta from its early
years to the Fortune 500 company it is today. Mr. O’Neil completed numerous acquisitions for Quanta and under his leadership
Quanta grew to over $7 billion of revenue and over $5 billion of market capitalization. We believe Mr. O’Neil’s
experience leading a high growth infrastructure services company and his experience as a public company CEO was a highly valuable
resource to NRC Group and its management team prior to its acquisition by US Ecology. Our Established Network of Third Party Advisors We have utilized what our management team
believes is an accomplished and proven network of third party advisors and relationships to assist with target company origination
and evaluation, due diligence and implementation of value creation programs and activities following our initial business combination.
With respect to target identification, the Hennessy Capital team has identified, in total, over 400 potential targets since 2014
for Hennessy I, Hennessy II, and Hennessy III. Approximately 70 of these target identifications resulted in meaningful engagement
with the owners and management teams. Our origination activities are a core competency that we believe allow us to select the
absolute best opportunity for our stockholders, consistent with our investment strategy. Once a letter of intent is signed with
a target, our due diligence team is activated and extensive work is overseen by us, including a review of the target’s quality
of earnings, IPO readiness, commercial and competitive analysis, operations and performance improvement, strategic growth opportunities
as well as customary legal and accounting due diligence. This network of advisors has supported Hennessy Capital since 2013 and
is now highly familiar with the SPAC vehicle and our comprehensive due diligence process. We believe that our network of established
third party advisors and relationships represents an attractive and differentiated value proposition for investors, sellers and
target companies and their management teams. 2 Nomura Agreement In connection with our initial public offering,
Nomura, an underwriter of such offering, entered into a forward purchase agreement with us, which provides for the purchase by
Nomura of our public shares for an aggregate purchase price of $125 million through, other than as described below, open
market purchases or privately negotiated transactions with one or more third parties. In lieu of purchasing an aggregate of $125 million
of public shares in the open market or privately negotiated transactions, up to $75 million (which amount will be reduced
by the aggregate amount of commitments by third parties to purchase our securities, if any, in private placements to occur concurrently
with the closing of our initial business combination) of such aggregate purchase price may instead be in the form of an investment
in our equity securities on terms to be mutually agreed between Nomura and us, to occur concurrently with the closing of our initial
business combination. The decision to make such an investment in other equity securities will not reduce the aggregate purchase
price. However, Nomura will be excused from its purchase obligation in connection with a specific business combination unless,
within ten calendar days following written notice delivered by us of our intention to enter into such business combination, Nomura
notifies us that it has decided to proceed with the purchase in whole or in part. Nomura may decide not to proceed with the purchase
for any reason, including, without limitation, if it has determined that such purchase would constitute a conflict of interest.
Nomura will also be restricted from making purchases if they are in possession of any material nonpublic information not disclosed
to the seller or if such purchases are prohibited by Regulation M under the Exchange Act. If Nomura purchases any public shares pursuant
to the forward purchase agreement in privately negotiated transactions with one or more third parties, it will be required to
provide to us, among other things, evidence that such seller (1) voted such shares in favor of the applicable business combination
and the other proposals we set forth in the applicable proxy statement and (2) did not exercise its redemption rights with respect
to such shares in connection with the special meeting to approve the applicable business combination. Additionally, if we seek
stockholder approval of a proposed business combination, Nomura has also agreed to vote any shares of our Class A common stock
held by it in favor of such business combination. We expect this forward purchase agreement
will be similar in size and scope to the $125 million equity backstop facility that Nomura provided to Hennessy III in connection
with its business combination (which was entered into at the time Hennessy III entered into its definitive purchase agreement
for the acquisition of NRC Group), which we believe enabled Hennessy III to enter and consummate its business combination. Based upon our management’s extensive
experience through four prior SPAC vehicles, we believe this forward purchase agreement is a significant competitive advantage
for us since it demonstrates that we are a highly desirable merger partner and, if activated at the time of signing a definitive
acquisition agreement with our intended target, will assist us with meeting any minimum cash consideration contained in such definitive
acquisition agreement. For example, if activated, the forward purchase agreement would ensure that we would have a minimum of
an aggregate of $125 million of cash available for the ultimate business combination from (1) funds held in the trust account
(as a result of Nomura purchasing public shares in the open market or in privately negotiated transactions, and not redeeming
such shares) and/or (2) new equity issued to Nomura, subject to the conditions to funding described elsewhere herein. Equity and Debt Capital Markets Experience The Hennessy Capital team has raised a
total of $285 million of incremental equity backstop facilities and $420 million of new debt facilities to successfully
complete business combinations for Hennessy I, II and III. We also have developed extensive relationships with sell-side research
analysts from ten different investment banks who currently or previously published reports on Blue Bird Corporation, Daseke, Inc.
and NRC Group Holdings Corp. 3 In February 2015, Hennessy I consummated
its initial business combination by acquiring all of the outstanding shares of capital stock of School Bus Holdings Inc., which,
through its subsidiaries, conducts its business under the “Blue Bird” name, from an entity that was majority owned
by funds affiliated with Cerberus Capital Management, L.P. In connection with its initial business combination, Hennessy I changed
its name to Blue Bird Corporation. Blue Bird is the leading independent designer and manufacturer of school buses, with more than
550,000 buses sold since its formation in 1927 and approximately 180,000 buses in operation today. Hennessy I’s stockholders
approved the business combination only 13 months after Hennessy I’s initial public offering. Prior to signing the purchase
agreement for the transaction, Hennessy I’s management secured investments of $40 million of convertible preferred
stock (with a $10 million accordion option) and $10 million in a common equity backstop. Management also initiated a
warrant exchange which resulted in a reduction of Hennessy I’s warrants by over 50%. In February 2017, Hennessy II consummated
its initial business combination by acquiring all of the outstanding capital stock of Daseke, Inc., or Daseke. Daseke believes
it is the 16 th largest truckload carrier in North America and, of the 50 largest U.S. trucking companies, was
one of the fastest-growing companies in 2015. Through its acquisition of various operating companies, Daseke believes that
it provides one of the most comprehensive transportation and logistics solutions offerings in the open deck industry. The transaction
also included refinancing Daseke’s existing debt, thereby lowering the cost of leverage. All cash proceeds from the transaction,
after refinancing Daseke’s existing debt, were to be used to fund growth initiatives. In connection with the transaction,
Hennessy II’s management secured investments of $65 million of convertible preferred stock and a $35 million common
equity backstop. In October 2018, Hennessy III consummated
its business combination with NRC Group Holdings, LLC, or NRC, which conducts its business through its subsidiaries, National
Response Corporation and Sprint Energy Services, LLC. NRC Group is a global provider of comprehensive environmental, compliance
and waste management services and its broad range of capabilities enable it to provide global reach to meet the critical, non-discretionary needs
of its more than 5,000 customers across diverse industries and end markets to ensure compliance with environmental, health and
safety laws around the world. Prior to signing the purchase agreement for the transaction, Hennessy III’s management secured
all financing required to close the transaction ($125 million in convertible preferred and common equity committed) from Nomura
at attractive terms. In November 2019, NRC Group was acquired by US Ecology Holdings, Inc., a provider of environmental services
to commercial and government entities. In connection with Hennessy I, Hennessy
II and Hennessy III, certain of our executive officers received benefits that were the same as or similar to those received by
other sponsors for similar blank check companies including the ownership of founders’ equity prior to their initial public
offerings and the acquisition of warrants in connection with their initial public offerings. In addition, Mr. Hennessy has
received, or expects to receive, director compensation comparable to other outside directors for serving as a director of Blue
Bird Corporation, Daseke, Inc. and NRC Group Holdings Corp. following their respective initial business combinations. Mr. Petruska
was paid a monthly fee for his services to Hennessy II and Hennessy III following their respective initial public offerings until
the closing of their respective initial business combinations and an additional fee upon the completion of the initial business
combinations. Messrs. Bell, Burns, Shea and O’Neil, who are certain of our directors, received founders’ equity prior
to the initial public offerings of Hennessy I, Hennessy II and Hennessy III, in line with equity received by outside directors
for similar entities. 4 Initial Business Combination Nasdaq rules require that we must complete
one or more business combinations having an aggregate fair market value of at least 80% of the value of the assets held in the
trust account (excluding the deferred underwriting commissions and taxes payable on the interest earned on the trust account)
at the time of our signing a definitive agreement in connection with our initial business combination. Our board of directors
will make the determination as to the fair market value of our initial business combination. If our board of directors is not
able to independently determine the fair market value of our initial business combination, we will obtain an opinion from an independent
investment banking firm that is a member of FINRA or an independent accounting firm with respect to the satisfaction of such criteria.
While we consider it unlikely that our board of directors will not be able to make an independent determination of the fair market
value of our initial business combination, it may be unable to do so if it is less familiar or experienced with the business of
a particular target or if there is a significant amount of uncertainty as to the value of a target’s assets or prospects.
We anticipate structuring our initial business combination either (i) in such a way so that the post-transaction company
in which our public stockholders own shares will own or acquire 100% of the equity interests or assets of the target business
or businesses, or (ii) in such a way so that the post-transaction company owns or acquires less than 100% of such interests
or assets of the target business in order to meet certain objectives of the target management team or stockholders, or for other
reasons. However, we will only complete an initial business combination if the post-transaction company owns or acquires
50% or more of the outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise acquires a controlling interest in the target sufficient
for it not to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended, or the “Investment
Company Act”. Even if the post-transaction company owns or acquires 50% or more of the voting securities of the target,
our stockholders prior to the initial business combination may collectively own a minority interest in the post-transaction company,
depending on valuations ascribed to the target and us in the initial business combination. For example, we could pursue a transaction
in which we issue a substantial number of new shares in exchange for all of the outstanding capital stock of a target. In this
case, we would acquire a 100% controlling interest in the target. However, as a result of the issuance of a substantial number
of new shares, our stockholders immediately prior to our initial business combination could own less than a majority of our outstanding
shares subsequent to our initial business combination. If less than 100% of the equity interests or assets of a target business
or businesses are owned or acquired by the post-transaction company, the portion of such business or businesses that is owned
or acquired is what will be taken into account for purposes of Nasdaq’s 80% of net assets test. If the initial business
combination involves more than one target business, the 80% of net assets test will be based on the aggregate value of all of
the transactions and we will treat the target businesses together as the initial business combination for purposes of a tender
offer or for seeking stockholder approval, as applicable. We have identified the
following general criteria and guidelines that we believe are important in evaluating prospective target businesses. We have used
these criteria and guidelines in evaluating acquisition opportunities, but we may decide to enter into our initial business combination
with a target business that does not meet these criteria and guidelines. ● | Middle-Market Businesses. We are seeking to acquire one or more businesses with an aggregate enterprise value of $750 million or greater, determined in the sole discretion of our officers and directors according to reasonably accepted valuation standards and methodologies. We believe that the middle market segment provides the greatest number of opportunities for investment and is the market consistent with our sponsor’s previous investment history. This segment is where we believe we have the strongest network to identify the greatest number of attractive opportunities and we believe the larger market capitalization and public float of the resulting company will be more attractive to our investors. ● | Established Companies with Proven Track Records. We are seeking to acquire one or more established companies with consistent historical financial performance. We will typically focus on companies with a history of strong operating and financial results and strong fundamentals. We do not intend to acquire start-up companies or companies with recurring negative free cash flow. ● | Companies with Proven Revenue and Earnings Growth or Potential for Revenue and Earnings Growth. We are seeking to acquire one or more businesses that have achieved or have the potential for significant revenue and earnings growth through a combination of organic growth, synergistic add-on acquisitions, new products, markets and geographies, increased production capacity, expense reduction and increased operating leverage. ● | Companies with, or with the Potential for, Strong Free Cash Flow Generation. We are seeking to acquire one or more businesses that already have, or have the potential to generate, consistent, stable and increasing free cash flow. We are focusing on transactions with one or more businesses that have predictable revenue streams. ● | Strong Competitive Position. We are focusing on acquisition targets that have a leading, growing or niche market position in their respective industries. We analyze the strengths and weaknesses of target businesses relative to their competitors. We seek to acquire one or more businesses that demonstrate advantages when compared to their competitors, which may help protect their market position and profitability. 5 ● | Experienced Management Team. We are seeking to acquire one or more businesses with a complete, experienced management team that provides a platform for us to further develop the acquired business’s management capabilities. We are seeking to partner with a potential target’s management team and expect that the operating and financial abilities of our executive team and board will complement their own capabilities. ● | Sectors Exhibiting Secular Growth or with Potential for Cyclical Uptick. We are focusing on acquisition targets in sectors which exhibit positive secular growth or potential for near-term cyclical uptick. We have identified sectors that have demonstrated strong positive growth in recent years, possess drivers for continued growth and are strategically positioned to benefit from upswings in their respective industry cycles. ● | Benefit from Being a Public Company. We are seeking to acquire one or more businesses that will benefit from being publicly traded and can effectively utilize the broader access to capital and the public profile that are associated with being a publicly traded company. These
criteria are not intended to be exhaustive. Any evaluation relating to the merits of a particular initial business combination
may be based, to the extent relevant, on these general guidelines as well as other considerations, factors and criteria that our
management may deem relevant. These criteria are substantially similar to the criteria set forth by Hennessy I, Hennessy II and
Hennessy III for their respective initial business combinations. Hennessy I’s business combination with SBH, Hennessy II’s
business combination with Daseke and Hennessy III’s business combination with NRC satisfied all criteria. Sourcing
of Potential Business Combination Targets We
believe certain non-public companies and their shareholders can benefit from a transaction with us. Acquisition candidates
are entities that may need stable, permanent equity financing, but may currently have limited access to the public markets. While
targets may be either independent entities or divisions of larger organizations, we believe there is an opportunity for us to
provide value to current owners of targets that fall into the following four general categories: 1) | Private Equity Fund Portfolio Companies — Substantial amounts of capital have been invested by private equity and venture capital firms. According to PitchBook Data, Inc., U.S. private equity funds raised approximately $2.0 trillion from 2008 through 2017 in more than 1,900 different funds. Venture capital funds raised approximately $264 billion in the U.S. during the same period. From 2008 through 2017, the median hold time of companies held by private equity funds increased from approximately 3.3 years to 5.0 years. Therefore, we believe that there should be a significant number of portfolio companies available for sale from private equity firms in the coming years as they seek liquidity. These funds have an ongoing need for investment realizations, particularly in older vintage portfolios. 2) | Entities Struggling with Complex or Failed Transactions — Public market exits are increasingly challenging for many private company shareholders. According to Bloomberg, University of Florida and University of Chicago Research, the number of publicly-traded companies declined from more than 7,000 to less than 4,000 between 1997 and 2017. According to Dealogic, the number of IPOs completed annually during that period declined at a compound average rate of approximately 7% annually. Companies seeking to access the public market through traditional IPOs or to sell to financial buyers may face obstacles to closing those transactions. Failed auctions and failed IPOs occur for a variety of reasons. Public or strategic investors may have previously judged these transactions to be too complicated to close in a timely manner. Public markets may simply be inaccessible for IPOs due to economic conditions or negative investor sentiment at the time the transaction was prepared to begin. A business combination with us can be a solution for investors in firms that have experienced these types of failed transactions. 3) | Entities Held by Non-Traditional Investors — Financial institutions, banks, non-bank lenders, hedge funds, or any other investor who does not typically hold and manage operating assets, may be anxious to divest their holdings. In the event that those types of investors are experiencing liquidation or other pressures in their core businesses, they may need to divest certain holdings in order to maximize the return on their portfolios or from their other assets. 6 4) | Divestiture of Non-Core Assets by Large Conglomerates — Certain multi-unit companies may face the need to rationalize their business by sale or spin-off of operating units due to pressures from lenders, customers, suppliers, or shareholders. We
may or may not consummate our initial business combination with a company that falls into one of these categories. Our
Business Combination Process In
evaluating prospective business combinations, we conduct a thorough due diligence review process that encompasses, among other
things, a review of historical and projected financial and operating data, meetings with management and their advisors (if applicable),
on-site inspection of facilities and assets, discussion with customers and suppliers, legal reviews and other reviews as
we deem appropriate. We have also utilized our expertise analyzing companies in the industrial, infrastructure solutions and value-added distribution
sectors and evaluating operating projections, financial projections and determining the appropriate return expectations given
the risk profile of the target business. We
are not prohibited from pursuing an initial business combination with a company that is affiliated with our sponsor, officers
or directors. In the event we seek to complete our initial business combination with a company that is affiliated with our sponsor,
officers or directors, we, or a committee of independent directors, will obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking
firm that is a member of FINRA or an independent accounting firm that our initial business combination is fair to our company
from a financial point of view. Nomura
has entered into a forward purchase agreement with us, which provides for the purchase by Nomura of our public shares for an aggregate
purchase price of $125 million through, other than as described below, open market purchases or privately negotiated transactions
with one or more third parties. In lieu of purchasing an aggregate of $125 million of public shares in the open market or
privately negotiated transactions, up to $75 million (which amount will be reduced by the aggregate amount of commitments
by third parties to purchase our securities, if any, in private placements to occur concurrently with the closing of our initial
business combination) of such aggregate purchase price may instead be in the form of an investment in our equity securities on
terms to be mutually agreed between Nomura and us, to occur concurrently with the closing of our initial business combination.
The funds from the sale of forward purchase shares received by us may be used as part of the consideration to the sellers in the
initial business combination. The forward purchase agreement allows Nomura to be excused from its purchase obligation in connection
with a specific business combination, in whole or in part, unless, within ten calendar days following written notice delivered
by us of our intention to enter into such business combination, Nomura notifies us that it has decided to proceed with the purchase.
Nomura may decide not to proceed with the purchase for any reason, including, without limitation, if it has determined that such
purchase would constitute a conflict of interest. The obligations under the forward purchase agreement are not affected by any
redemptions by our public stockholders of shares of our Class A common stock. In connection with Hennessy III’s initial
business combination, Nomura agreed to provide all of the financing required to close the transaction ($125 million in convertible
preferred and common equity). Our
officers and directors currently own, either directly or indirectly, founder shares and private placement warrants. Because of
this ownership, our officers and directors may have a conflict of interest in determining whether a particular target business
is an appropriate business with which to effectuate our initial business combination. Further, each of our officers and directors
may have a conflict of interest with respect to evaluating a particular business combination if the retention or resignation of
any such officers and directors were to be included by a target business as a condition to any agreement with respect to our initial
business combination. Each
of our officers and directors presently has, and any of them in the future may have additional, fiduciary or contractual obligations
to other entities pursuant to which such officer or director is or will be required to present a business combination opportunity.
Accordingly, if any of our officers or directors becomes aware of a business combination opportunity which is suitable for an
entity to which he or she has then-current fiduciary or contractual obligations, he or she will honor his or her fiduciary
or contractual obligations to present such opportunity to such entity. We believe, however, that the fiduciary duties or contractual
obligations of our officers or directors will not materially affect our ability to complete our initial business combination.
Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that we renounce our interest in any corporate opportunity offered
to any director or officer unless such opportunity is expressly offered to such person solely in his or her capacity as a director
or officer of our company and such opportunity is one we are legally and contractually permitted to undertake and would otherwise
be reasonable for us to pursue, and to the extent the director or officer is permitted to refer that opportunity to us without
violating another legal obligation. 7 Our
sponsor, officers and directors have agreed not to participate in the formation of, or become an officer or director of any other
special purpose acquisition company with a class of securities registered under the Exchange Act until we have entered into a
definitive agreement regarding our initial business combination or we have failed to complete our initial business combination
by September 5, 2020. Our
Management Team Members
of our management team are not obligated to devote any specific number of hours to our matters but they devote as much of their
time as they deem necessary to our affairs and intend to continue doing so until we have completed our initial business combination.
The amount of time that any member of our management team devote in any time period may vary based on whether a target business
has been selected for our initial business combination and the current stage of the business combination process. We
believe our management team’s operating and transaction experience and relationships with companies provide us with a substantial
number of potential business combination targets. Over the course of their careers, the members of our management team have developed
a broad network of contacts and corporate relationships in various industries in connection with industrial, infrastructure solutions
and value added distribution sectors investing. This network has grown through the activities of our management team sourcing,
acquiring and financing businesses, our management team’s relationships with sellers, financing sources and target management
teams and the experience of our management team in executing transactions under varying economic and financial market conditions. In
addition, the members of our board of directors have significant executive management and public company experience with industrial,
infrastructure solutions and value-added distribution companies. Over the course of their careers, the members of our management
team and board of directors have developed a broad network of contacts and corporate relationships that we believe will be useful
for sourcing acquisition opportunities. This network has been developed through our management team’s experience in: ● | sourcing, acquiring, operating, developing, growing, financing and selling businesses; and ● | executing transactions under varying economic and financial market conditions. This
network has provided our management team with a flow of referrals that have resulted in numerous transactions. We believe that
the network of contacts and relationships of our management team provide us with an important source of acquisition opportunities.
In addition, we anticipate that target business candidates will continue to be brought to our attention from various unaffiliated
sources, including investment bankers, private investment funds and other intermediaries. Target businesses may be brought to
our attention by such unaffiliated sources as a result of being solicited by us through calls or mailings. These sources may also
introduce us to target businesses in which they think we may be interested on an unsolicited basis, since many of these sources
will have read this Report and know the types of businesses we are targeting. Our officers and directors, as well as their affiliates,
may also bring to our attention target business candidates that they become aware of through their business contacts as a result
of formal or informal inquiries or discussions they may have, as well as attending trade shows or conventions. In addition, we
expect to receive a number of proprietary opportunities that would not otherwise necessarily be available to us as a result of
the track record and business relationships of our officers and directors, and the success of Hennessy I, Hennessy II and Hennessy
III, which are well-known to many market participants. In connection with their duties with Hennessy I, Hennessy II and Hennessy
III, our executive officers have reviewed over 400 potential targets in the industrial, infrastructure solutions and value-added distribution
sectors in the United States between February 2014 (a month following Hennessy I’s initial public offering) and June 2014
(when Hennessy I decided to focus its efforts on a business combination with SBH), between August 2015 (a month following Hennessy
II’s initial public offering) and October 2016 (when Hennessy II decided to focus its efforts on a business combination
with Daseke) and between July 2017 (a month following Hennessy III’s initial public offering) and April 2018 (when Hennessy
III decided to focus its efforts on a business combination with NRC). 8 Status
as a Public Company We
believe our structure makes us an attractive business combination partner to target businesses. As a public company, we offer
a target business an alternative to the traditional initial public offering through a merger or other business combination with
us. Following an initial business combination, we believe the target business would have greater access to capital and additional
means of creating management incentives that are better aligned with stockholders’ interests than it would as a private
company. A target business can further benefit by augmenting its profile among potential new customers and vendors and aid in
attracting talented employees. In a business combination transaction with us, the owners of the target business may, for example,
exchange their shares of stock in the target business for our shares of Class A common stock (or shares of a new holding company)
or for a combination of our shares of Class A common stock and cash, allowing us to tailor the consideration to the specific needs
of the sellers. Although
there are various costs and obligations associated with being a public company, we believe target businesses will find this method
a more expeditious and cost effective method to becoming a public company than the typical initial public offering. The typical
initial public offering process takes a significantly longer period of time than the typical business combination transaction
process, and there are significant expenses in the initial public offering process, including underwriting discounts and commissions,
marketing and road show efforts that may not be present to the same extent in connection with an initial business combination
with us. Furthermore,
once a proposed initial business combination is completed, the target business will have effectively become public, whereas an
initial public offering is always subject to the underwriters’ ability to complete the offering, as well as general market
conditions, which could delay or prevent the offering from occurring or could have negative valuation consequences. Following
an initial business combination, we believe the target business would then have greater access to capital and an additional means
of providing management incentives consistent with stockholders’ interests and the ability to use its shares as currency
for acquisitions. Being a public company can offer further benefits by augmenting a company’s profile among potential new
customers and vendors and aid in attracting talented employees. While
we believe that our structure and our management team’s backgrounds make us an attractive business partner, some potential
target businesses may view our status as a blank check company, such as our lack of an operating history and our ability to seek
stockholder approval of any proposed initial business combination, negatively. We
are an “emerging growth company,” as defined in Section 2(a) of the Securities Act, as modified by the JOBS Act. As
such, we are eligible to take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other
public companies that are not “emerging growth companies” including, but not limited to, not being required to comply
with the independent registered public accounting firm attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act,
reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements, and exemptions from
the requirements of holding a non-binding advisory vote on executive compensation and stockholder approval of any golden
parachute payments not previously approved. If some investors find our securities less attractive as a result, there may be a
less active trading market for our securities and the prices of our securities may be more volatile. In
addition, Section 107 of the JOBS Act also provides that an “emerging growth company” can take advantage of the extended
transition period provided in Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the Securities Act for complying with new or revised accounting standards.
In other words, an “emerging growth company” can delay the adoption of certain accounting standards until those standards
would otherwise apply to private companies. We intend to take advantage of the benefits of this extended transition period. We
will remain an emerging growth company until the earlier of (1) the last day of the fiscal year (a) following the fifth anniversary
of the completion of our initial public offering, (b) in which we have total annual gross revenue of at least $1.07 billion,
or (c) in which we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer, which means the market value of our Class A common stock that is
held by non-affiliates exceeds $700 million as of the prior June 30 th ,
and (2) the date on which we have issued more than $1.0 billion in non-convertible debt securities during the prior
three-year period. 9 Financial
Position With
funds available for an initial business combination in the amount of $297,159,000 (as of December 31, 2019) assuming no redemptions
before fees and expenses associated with our initial business combination and after payment of $10,179,000 of deferred underwriting
fees, plus proceeds we may receive from the forward purchase agreement with Nomura that we may receive, we offer a target business
a variety of options such as creating a liquidity event for its owners, providing capital for the potential growth and expansion
of its operations or strengthening its balance sheet by reducing its debt or leverage ratio. Because we are able to complete our
initial business combination using our cash, debt or equity securities, or a combination of the foregoing, we have the flexibility
to use the most efficient combination that will allow us to tailor the consideration to be paid to the target business to fit
its needs and desires. However, we have not taken any steps to secure third party financing and there can be no assurance it will
be available to us. Effecting
Our Initial Business Combination We
are not presently engaged in, and we will not engage in, any operations for an indefinite period of time. We intend to effectuate
our initial business combination using cash from the proceeds of our initial public offering and the private placement of the
private placement warrants and from the proceeds we may receive from the forward purchase agreement with Nomura, the proceeds
of the sale of our shares in connection with our initial business combination (pursuant to forward purchase agreements or backstop
agreements we may enter into), shares issued to the owners of the target, debt issued to bank or other lenders or the owners of
the target, or a combination of the foregoing. We may seek to complete our initial business combination with a company or business
that may be financially unstable or in its early stages of development or growth, which would subject us to the numerous risks
inherent in such companies and businesses. If
our initial business combination is paid for using equity or debt securities, or not all of the funds released from the trust
account are used for payment of the consideration in connection with our initial business combination or used for redemptions
of our Class A common stock, we may apply the balance of the cash released to us from the trust account, as well as the proceeds
we may receive from the forward purchase agreement with Nomura described elsewhere in this Report, for general corporate purposes,
including for maintenance or expansion of operations of the post-transaction company, the payment of principal or interest
due on indebtedness incurred in completing our initial business combination, to fund the purchase of other companies or for working
capital. In
addition to the proceeds from the forward purchase agreement with Nomura described elsewhere in this Report that we may receive,
we may seek to raise additional funds through a private offering of debt or equity securities in connection with the completion
of our initial business combination, and we may effectuate our initial business combination using the proceeds of such offering
rather than using the amounts held in the trust account. In addition, we intend to target businesses larger than we could acquire
with the net proceeds of our initial public offering and the sale of the private placement warrants, and may as a result be required
to seek additional financing to complete such proposed initial business combination. Subject to compliance with applicable securities
laws, we would expect to complete such financing only simultaneously with the completion of our initial business combination.
In the case of an initial business combination funded with assets other than the trust account assets, our proxy materials or
tender offer documents disclosing the initial business combination would disclose the terms of the financing and, only if required
by law, we would seek stockholder approval of such financing. There are no prohibitions on our ability to raise funds privately
or through loans in connection with our initial business combination. At this time, we are not a party to any arrangement or understanding
with any third party with respect to raising any additional funds through the sale of securities or otherwise. Although
our management will assess the risks inherent in a particular target business with which we may combine, we cannot assure you
that this assessment will result in our identifying all risks that a target business may encounter. Furthermore, some of those
risks may be outside of our control, meaning that we can do nothing to control or reduce the chances that those risks will adversely
impact a target business. 10 Sources
of Target Businesses We
anticipate that target business candidates will continue to be brought to our attention from various unaffiliated sources, including
investment bankers and investment professionals. We expect target businesses to continue to be brought to our attention by such
unaffiliated sources as a result of being solicited by us by calls or mailings. These sources will also introduce us to target
businesses in which they think we may be interested on an unsolicited basis, since many of these sources will have read this Report
and know what types of businesses we are targeting. Our officers and directors, as well as our sponsor and their affiliates, may
also bring to our attention target business candidates that they become aware of through their business contacts as a result of
formal or informal inquiries or discussions they may have, as well as attending trade shows or conventions. In addition, we expect
to receive a number of proprietary deal flow opportunities that would not otherwise necessarily be available to us as a result
of the business relationships of our officers and directors and our sponsor and their respective industry and business contacts
as well as their affiliates. We may engage the services of professional firms or other individuals that specialize in business
acquisitions, in which event we may pay a finder’s fee, consulting fee, advisory fee or other compensation to be determined
in an arm’s length negotiation based on the terms of the transaction. We will engage a finder only to the extent our management
determines that the use of a finder may bring opportunities to us that may not otherwise be available to us or if finders approach
us on an unsolicited basis with a potential transaction that our management determines is in our best interest to pursue. Payment
of finder’s fees is customarily tied to completion of a transaction, in which case any such fee will be paid out of the
funds held in the trust account. In no event, however, will our sponsor or any of our existing officers or directors, or any entity
with which our sponsor or officers are affiliated, be paid any finder’s fee, reimbursement, consulting fee, monies in respect
of any payment of a loan or other compensation by the company prior to, or in connection with any services rendered for any services
they render in order to effectuate, the completion of our initial business combination (regardless of the type of transaction
that it is). None of our sponsor, executive officers or directors, or any of their respective affiliates, are allowed to receive
any compensation, finder’s fees or consulting fees from a prospective business combination target in connection with a contemplated
initial business combination. We pay an affiliate of our sponsor a total of $15,000 per month for office space, utilities and
secretarial and administrative support and reimburse our sponsor for any out-of-pocket expenses related to identifying, investigating
and completing an initial business combination. Upon completion of our initial business combination or our liquidation, we will
cease paying these monthly fees. We pay Mr. Petruska, our Chief Financial Officer, $29,000 per month for his services prior to
the consummation of our initial business combination, of which 40% is payable upon the successful completion of our initial business
combination. We will also pay Mr. Ethridge, our President and Chief Operating Officer, a $500,000 fee upon the successful completion
of our initial business combination. Some of our officers and directors may enter into employment or consulting agreements with
the post-transaction company following our initial business combination. The presence or absence of any such fees or arrangements
are not used as a criterion in our selection process of an initial business combination candidate. We
are not prohibited from pursuing an initial business combination with a company that is affiliated with our sponsor, executive
officers or directors, or making the acquisition through a joint venture or other form of shared ownership with our sponsor, executive
officers or directors. In the event we seek to complete an initial business combination with a target that is affiliated with
our sponsor, executive officers or directors, we, or a committee of independent directors, would obtain an opinion from an independent
investment banking firm which is a member of FINRA or a qualified independent accounting firm that such an initial business combination
is fair to our company from a financial point of view. We are not required to obtain such an opinion in any other context. Selection
of a Target Business and Structuring of our Initial Business Combination Nasdaq
rules require that we must complete one or more business combinations having an aggregate fair market value of at least 80% of
the value of the assets held in the trust account (excluding the deferred underwriting commissions and taxes payable on the interest
earned on the trust account) at the time of our signing a definitive agreement in connection with our initial business combination.
The fair market value of our initial business combination will be determined by our board of directors based upon one or more
standards generally accepted by the financial community, such as discounted cash flow valuation, a valuation based on trading
multiples of comparable public businesses or a valuation based on the financial metrics of M&A transactions of comparable
businesses. If our board of directors is not able to independently determine the fair market value of our initial business combination,
we will obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm that is a member of FINRA or an independent accounting firm
with respect to the satisfaction of such criteria. While we consider it unlikely that our board of directors will not be able
to make an independent determination of the fair market value of our initial business combination, it may be unable to do so if
it is less familiar or experienced with the business of a particular target or if there is a significant amount of uncertainty
as to the value of a target’s assets or prospects. We do not intend to purchase multiple businesses in unrelated industries
in conjunction with our initial business combination. Subject to this requirement, our management has virtually unrestricted flexibility
in identifying and selecting one or more prospective target businesses, although we are not permitted to effectuate our initial
business combination with another blank check company or a similar company with nominal operations. 11 In
any case, we will only complete an initial business combination in which we own or acquire 50% or more of the outstanding voting
securities of the target or otherwise acquire a controlling interest in the target sufficient for it not to be required to register
as an investment company under the Investment Company Act. If we own or acquire less than 100% of the equity interests or assets
of a target business or businesses, the portion of such business or businesses that are owned or acquired by the post-transaction company
is what will be taken into account for purposes of Nasdaq’s 80% of net assets test. To
the extent we effect our initial business combination with a company or business that may be financially unstable or in its early
stages of development or growth we may be affected by numerous risks inherent in such company or business. Although our management
has endeavored to evaluate the risks inherent in a particular target business, we cannot assure you that we will properly ascertain
or assess all significant risk factors. In
evaluating a prospective business target, we conduct a thorough due diligence review, which encompasses, among other things, meetings
with incumbent management and employees, document reviews, interviews of customers and suppliers, inspection of facilities, as
well as a review of financial and other information that will be made available to us. The
time required to select and evaluate a target business and to structure and complete our initial business combination, and the
costs associated with this process, are not currently ascertainable with any degree of certainty. Any costs incurred with respect
to the identification and evaluation of a prospective target business with which our initial business combination is not ultimately
completed will result in our incurring losses and will reduce the funds we can use to complete another business combination. Lack
of Business Diversification For
an indefinite period of time after the completion of our initial business combination, the prospects for our success may depend
entirely on the future performance of a single business. Unlike other entities that have the resources to complete business combinations
with multiple entities in one or several industries, it is probable that we will not have the resources to diversify our operations
and mitigate the risks of being in a single line of business. In addition, we are focusing our search for an initial business
combination in a single industry. By completing our initial business combination with only a single entity, our lack of diversification
may: ● | subject us to negative economic, competitive and regulatory developments, any or all of which may have a substantial adverse impact on the particular industry in which we operate after our initial business combination, and ● | cause us to depend on the marketing and sale of a single product or limited number of products or services. Limited
Ability to Evaluate the Target’s Management Team Although
we intend to closely scrutinize the management of a prospective target business when evaluating the desirability of effecting
our initial business combination with that business, our assessment of the target business’ management may not prove to
be correct. In addition, the future management may not have the necessary skills, qualifications or abilities to manage a public
company. Furthermore, the future role of members of our management team, if any, in the target business cannot presently be stated
with any certainty. The determination as to whether any of the members of our management team will remain with the combined company
will be made at the time of our initial business combination. While it is possible that one or more of our directors will remain
associated in some capacity with us following our initial business combination, it is unlikely that any of them will devote their
full efforts to our affairs subsequent to our initial business combination. Moreover, there is no assurance that members of our
management team will have significant experience or knowledge relating to the operations of the particular target business. There
is no assurance that any of our key personnel will remain in senior management or advisory positions with the combined company.
The determination as to whether any of our key personnel will remain with the combined company will be made at the time of our
initial business combination. 12 Following
an initial business combination, we may seek to recruit additional managers to supplement the incumbent management of the target
business. There is no assurance that we will have the ability to recruit additional managers, or that additional managers will
have the requisite skills, knowledge or experience necessary to enhance the incumbent management. Stockholders
May Not Have the Ability to Approve Our Initial Business Combination We
may conduct redemptions without a stockholder vote pursuant to the tender offer rules of the SEC. However, we will seek stockholder
approval if it is required by law or applicable stock exchange rule, or we may decide to seek stockholder approval for business
or other legal reasons. Presented in the table below is a graphic explanation of the types of initial business combinations we
may consider and whether stockholder approval is currently required under Delaware law for each such transaction. Type of Transaction | Whether Stockholder Approval is Required
Purchase of assets | No
Purchase of stock of target not involving a merger with the company | No
Merger of target into a subsidiary of the company | No
Merger of the company with a target | Yes Under
Nasdaq’s listing rules, stockholder approval would be required for our initial business combination if, for example: ● | we issue shares of Class A common stock that will be equal to or in excess of 20% of the number of shares of our Class A common stock then outstanding; ● | any of our directors, officers or substantial stockholders (as defined by Nasdaq rules) has a 5% or greater interest (or such persons collectively have a 10% or greater interest), directly or indirectly, in the target business or assets to be acquired or otherwise and the present or potential issuance of common stock could result in an increase in outstanding common shares or voting power of 5% or more; or ● | the issuance or potential issuance of common stock will result in our undergoing a change of control. Permitted
Purchases of our Securities If
we seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial
business combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, our initial stockholders, directors, officers, advisors or their affiliates
may purchase public shares or public warrants in privately negotiated transactions or in the open market either prior to or following
the completion of our initial business combination. There is no limit on the number of shares our initial stockholders, directors,
officers, advisors or their affiliates may purchase in such transactions, subject to compliance with applicable law and Nasdaq
rules. However, they have no current commitments, plans or intentions to engage in such transactions and have not formulated any
terms or conditions for any such transactions. If they engage in such transactions, they will not make any such purchases when
they are in possession of any material nonpublic information not disclosed to the seller or if such purchases are prohibited by
Regulation M under the Exchange Act. We do not currently anticipate that such purchases, if any, would constitute a tender offer
subject to the tender offer rules under the Exchange Act or a going-private transaction subject to the going-private rules
under the Exchange Act; however, if the purchasers determine at the time of any such purchases that the purchases are subject
to such rules, the purchasers will comply with such rules. Any such purchases will be reported pursuant to Section 13 and Section
16 of the Exchange Act to the extent such purchasers are subject to such reporting requirements. None of the funds held in the
trust account will be used to purchase public shares or public warrants in such transactions prior to completion of our initial
business combination. 13 The
purpose of any such purchases of shares could be to vote such shares in favor of the initial business combination and thereby
increase the likelihood of obtaining stockholder approval of the initial business combination or to satisfy a closing condition
in an agreement with a target that requires us to have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash at the closing of our initial
business combination, where it appears that such requirement would otherwise not be met. The purpose of any such purchases of
public warrants could be to reduce the number of public warrants outstanding or to vote such warrants on any matters submitted
to the warrantholders for approval in connection with our initial business combination. Any such purchases of our securities may
result in the completion of our initial business combination that may not otherwise have been possible. In addition, if such purchases
are made, the public “float” of our shares of Class A common stock or warrants may be reduced and the number of beneficial
holders of our securities may be reduced, which may make it difficult to maintain or obtain the quotation, listing or trading
of our securities on a national securities exchange. Our
sponsor, officers, directors and/or their affiliates may identify the stockholders with whom our sponsor, officers, directors
or their affiliates may pursue privately negotiated purchases by either the stockholders contacting us directly or by our receipt
of redemption requests submitted by stockholders following our mailing of proxy materials in connection with our initial business
combination. To the extent that our sponsor, officers, directors, advisors or their affiliates enter into a private purchase,
they would identify and contact only potential selling stockholders who have expressed their election to redeem their shares for
a pro rata share of the trust account or vote against our initial business combination, whether or not such stockholder has already
submitted a proxy with respect to our initial business combination. Our sponsor, officers, directors, advisors or their affiliates
will only purchase shares if such purchases comply with Regulation M under the Exchange Act and the other federal securities laws. Any
purchases by our sponsor, officers, directors and/or their affiliates who are affiliated purchasers under Rule 10b-18 under
the Exchange Act will only be made to the extent such purchases are able to be made in compliance with Rule 10b-18, which is a
safe harbor from liability for manipulation under Section 9(a)(2) and Rule 10b-5 of the Exchange Act. Rule 10b-18 has
certain technical requirements that must be complied with in order for the safe harbor to be available to the purchaser. Our sponsor,
officers, directors and/or their affiliates will not make purchases of common stock if the purchases would violate Section 9(a)(2)
or Rule 10b-5 of the Exchange Act. Any such purchases will be reported pursuant to Section 13 and Section 16 of the Exchange
Act to the extent such purchases are subject to such reporting requirements. Redemption
Rights for Public Stockholders upon Completion of our Initial Business Combination We
will provide our public stockholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their shares of Class A common stock
upon the completion of our initial business combination at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount
then on deposit in the trust account as of two business days prior to the consummation of the initial business combination including
interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our taxes, divided by the number
of then outstanding public shares, subject to the limitations described herein. The amount in the trust account as of December
31, 2019 is approximately $10.24 per public share. The per-share amount we will distribute to investors who properly redeem
their shares will not be reduced by the deferred underwriting commissions we will pay to the underwriters. Our sponsor, officers
and directors have entered into a letter agreement with us, pursuant to which they have agreed to waive their redemption rights
with respect to any founder shares and any public shares held by them in connection with the completion of our initial business
combination. Manner
of Conducting Redemptions We
will provide our public stockholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their shares of Class A common stock
upon the completion of our initial business combination either (i) in connection with a stockholder meeting called to approve
the initial business combination or (ii) by means of a tender offer. The decision as to whether we will seek stockholder approval
of a proposed initial business combination or conduct a tender offer will be made by us, solely in our discretion, and will be
based on a variety of factors such as the timing of the transaction and whether the terms of the transaction would require us
to seek stockholder approval under the law or stock exchange listing requirement. Under Nasdaq rules, asset acquisitions and stock
purchases would not typically require stockholder approval while direct mergers with our company where we do not survive and any
transactions where we issue more than 20% of our outstanding common stock or seek to amend our amended and restated certificate
of incorporation would require stockholder approval. If we structure an initial business combination with a target company in
a manner that requires stockholder approval, we will not have discretion as to whether to seek a stockholder vote to approve the
proposed initial business combination. We may conduct redemptions without a stockholder vote pursuant to the tender offer rules
of the SEC unless stockholder approval is required by law or stock exchange listing requirements or we choose to seek stockholder
approval for business or other legal reasons. So long as we maintain a listing for our securities on Nasdaq, we are required to
comply with such rules. 14 If
a stockholder vote is not required and we do not decide to hold a stockholder vote for business or other legal reasons, we will,
pursuant to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation: ● | conduct the redemptions pursuant to Rule 13e-4 and Regulation 14E of the Exchange Act, which regulate issuer tender offers, and ● | file tender offer documents with the SEC prior to completing our initial business combination which contain substantially the same financial and other information about the initial business combination and the redemption rights as is required under Regulation 14A of the Exchange Act, which regulates the solicitation of proxies. Upon
the public announcement of our initial business combination, we or our sponsor will terminate any plan established in accordance
with Rule 10b5-1 to purchase shares of our Class A common stock in the open market if we elect to redeem our public shares
through a tender offer, to comply with Rule 14e-5 under the Exchange Act. In
the event we conduct redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules, our offer to redeem will remain open for at least 20 business
days, in accordance with Rule 14e-1(a) under the Exchange Act, and we will not be permitted to complete our initial business combination
until the expiration of the tender offer period. In addition, the tender offer will be conditioned on public stockholders not
tendering more than a specified number of public shares which are not purchased by our sponsor, which number will be based on
the requirement that we may not redeem public shares in an amount that would cause our net tangible assets to be less than $5,000,001
upon consummation of our initial business combination and after payment of underwriters’ fees and commissions (so that we
are not subject to the SEC’s “penny stock” rules) or any greater net tangible asset or cash requirement which
may be contained in the agreement relating to our initial business combination. If public stockholders tender more shares than
we have offered to purchase, we will withdraw the tender offer and not complete the initial business combination. If,
however, stockholder approval of the transaction is required by law or stock exchange listing requirement, or we decide to obtain
stockholder approval for business or other legal reasons, we will, pursuant to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation: ● | conduct the redemptions in conjunction with a proxy solicitation pursuant to Regulation 14A of the Exchange Act, which regulates the solicitation of proxies, and not pursuant to the tender offer rules, and ● | file proxy materials with the SEC. In
the event that we seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination, we will distribute proxy materials and, in connection
therewith, provide our public stockholders with the redemption rights described above upon completion of the initial business
combination. If
we seek stockholder approval, we will complete our initial business combination only if a majority of the outstanding shares of
common stock voted are voted in favor of the initial business combination. A quorum for such meeting will consist of the holders
present in person or by proxy of shares of outstanding capital stock of the company representing a majority of the voting power
of all outstanding shares of capital stock of the company entitled to vote at such meeting. Our initial stockholders will count
toward this quorum and pursuant to the letter agreement, our sponsor, officers and directors have agreed to vote their founder
shares and any public shares purchased after our initial public offering (including in open market and privately negotiated transactions)
in favor of our initial business combination. For purposes of seeking approval of the majority of our outstanding shares of common
stock voted, non-votes will have no effect on the approval of our initial business combination once a quorum is obtained.
As a result, in addition to the founder shares held by our sponsor, officers and directors (and excluding any shares held by our
anchor investor and Nomura), we would need only 12,127,556, or approximately 40.4%, of the 30,015,000 public shares sold in our
initial public offering to be voted in favor of an initial business combination (assuming all outstanding shares are voted) in
order to have our initial business combination approved. Any forward purchase shares issued by us to Nomura will not be entitled
to vote on our initial business combination since those shares will not be issued until the closing of such transaction, although
Nomura may elect to purchase (and vote) shares from existing stockholders. We intend to give approximately 30 days (but not less
than 10 days nor more than 60 days) prior written notice of any such meeting, if required, at which a vote shall be taken to approve
our initial business combination. These quorum and voting thresholds, and the voting agreements of our sponsor, officers and directors,
may make it more likely that we will consummate our initial business combination. Each public stockholder may elect to redeem
its public shares irrespective of whether they vote for or against the proposed transaction. 15 Our amended and restated certificate of
incorporation provides that in no event will we redeem our public shares in an amount that would cause our net tangible assets
to be less than $5,000,001 upon consummation of our initial business combination and after payment of underwriters’ fees
and commissions (so that we are not subject to the SEC’s “penny stock” rules) or any greater net tangible asset
or cash requirement which may be contained in the agreement relating to our initial business combination. For example, the proposed
initial business combination may require: (i) cash consideration to be paid to the target or its owners, (ii) cash to be transferred
to the target for working capital or other general corporate purposes or (iii) the retention of cash to satisfy other conditions
in accordance with the terms of the proposed initial business combination. In the event the aggregate cash consideration we would
be required to pay for all shares of Class A common stock that are validly submitted for redemption plus any amount required to
satisfy cash conditions pursuant to the terms of the proposed initial business combination exceed the aggregate amount of cash
available to us, we will not complete the initial business combination or redeem any shares, and all shares of Class A common
stock submitted for redemption will be returned to the holders thereof. Limitation on Redemption upon Completion of our Initial
Business Combination if we Seek Stockholder Approval Notwithstanding the foregoing, if we seek
stockholder approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business
combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that a public stockholder,
together with any affiliate of such stockholder or any other person with whom such stockholder is acting in concert or as a “group”
(as defined under Section 13 of the Exchange Act), will be restricted from seeking redemption rights with respect to more than
an aggregate of 15% of the shares sold in our initial public offering, which we refer to as the “Excess Shares.” Such
restriction shall also be applicable to our affiliates. We believe this restriction will discourage stockholders from accumulating
large blocks of shares, and subsequent attempts by such holders to use their ability to exercise their redemption rights against
a proposed initial business combination as a means to force us or our management to purchase their shares at a significant premium
to the then-current market price or on other undesirable terms. Absent this provision, a public stockholder holding more
than an aggregate of 15% of the shares sold in our initial public offering could threaten to exercise its redemption rights if
such holder’s shares are not purchased by us or our management at a premium to the then-current market price or on
other undesirable terms. By limiting our stockholders’ ability to redeem no more than 15% of the shares sold in this offering
without our prior consent, we believe we will limit the ability of a small group of stockholders to unreasonably attempt to block
our ability to complete our initial business combination, particularly in connection with an initial business combination with
a target that requires as a closing condition that we have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash. However, we would
not be restricting our stockholders’ ability to vote all of their shares (including Excess Shares) for or against our initial
business combination. Tendering Stock Certificates in Connection with a Tender
Offer or Redemption Rights We may require our public stockholders
seeking to exercise their redemption rights, whether they are record holders or hold their shares in “street name,”
to either tender their certificates to our transfer agent prior to the date set forth in the tender offer documents or proxy materials
mailed to such holders, or up to two business days prior to the vote on the proposal to approve the initial business combination
in the event we distribute proxy materials, or to deliver their shares to the transfer agent electronically using the Depository
Trust Company’s DWAC (Deposit/Withdrawal At Custodian) System, at the holder’s option. The tender offer or proxy materials,
as applicable, that we will furnish to holders of our public shares in connection with our initial business combination will indicate
whether we are requiring public stockholders to satisfy such delivery requirements. Accordingly, a public stockholder would have
from the time we send out our tender offer materials until the close of the tender offer period, or up to two days prior to the
vote on the initial business combination if we distribute proxy materials, as applicable, to tender its shares if it wishes to
seek to exercise its redemption rights. Given the relatively short exercise period, it is advisable for stockholders to use electronic
delivery of their public shares. 16 There is a nominal cost associated with
the above-referenced tendering process and the act of certificating the shares or delivering them through the DWAC System.
The transfer agent will typically charge the tendering broker $80.00 and it would be up to the broker whether or not to pass this
cost on to the redeeming holder. However, this fee would be incurred regardless of whether or not we require holders seeking to
exercise redemption rights to tender their shares. The need to deliver shares is a requirement of exercising redemption rights
regardless of the timing of when such delivery must be effectuated. The foregoing is different from the procedures
used by many blank check companies. In order to perfect redemption rights in connection with their business combinations, many
blank check companies would distribute proxy materials for the stockholders’ vote on an initial business combination, and
a holder could simply vote against a proposed initial business combination and check a box on the proxy card indicating such holder
was seeking to exercise his or her redemption rights. After the initial business combination was approved, the company would contact
such stockholder to arrange for him or her to deliver his or her certificate to verify ownership. As a result, the stockholder
then had an “option window” after the completion of the initial business combination during which he or she could
monitor the price of the company’s stock in the market. If the price rose above the redemption price, he or she could sell
his or her shares in the open market before actually delivering his or her shares to the company for cancellation. As a result,
the redemption rights, to which stockholders were aware they needed to commit before the stockholder meeting, would become “option”
rights surviving past the completion of the initial business combination until the redeeming holder delivered its certificate.
The requirement for physical or electronic delivery prior to the meeting ensures that a redeeming holder’s election to redeem
is irrevocable once the initial business combination is approved. Any request to redeem such shares, once
made, may be withdrawn at any time up to the date set forth in the tender offer materials or the date of the stockholder meeting
set forth in our proxy materials, as applicable. Furthermore, if a holder of a public share delivered its certificate in connection
with an election of redemption rights and subsequently decides prior to the applicable date not to elect to exercise such rights,
such holder may simply request that the transfer agent return the certificate (physically or electronically). It is anticipated
that the funds to be distributed to holders of our public shares electing to redeem their shares will be distributed promptly
after the completion of our initial business combination. If our initial business combination is
not approved or completed for any reason, then our public stockholders who elected to exercise their redemption rights would not
be entitled to redeem their shares for the applicable pro rata share of the trust account. In such case, we will promptly return
any certificates delivered by public holders who elected to redeem their shares. If our initial proposed initial business
combination is not completed, we may continue to try to complete an initial business combination with a different target until
by September 5, 2020. Redemption of Public Shares and Liquidation if no Initial
Business Combination Our amended and restated certificate of
incorporation provides that we will have only 18 months from the closing of our initial public offering, or until September 5,
2020, to complete our initial business combination. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination by September
5, 2020, we will: (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not
more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the public shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate
amount then on deposit in the trust account including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously
released to us to pay our taxes (less up to $100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then outstanding
public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public stockholders’ rights as stockholders (including the right
to receive further liquidating distributions, if any), subject to applicable law, and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible
following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining stockholders and our board of directors, dissolve and liquidate,
subject in each case to our obligations under Delaware law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable
law. There will be no redemption rights or liquidating distributions with respect to our warrants, which will expire worthless
if we fail to complete our initial business combination by September 5, 2020. 17 Our sponsor, officers, directors and anchor
investor have agreed to waive their rights to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to any founder shares
held by them if we fail to complete our initial business combination by September 5, 2020. However, if our sponsor, officers,
directors or anchor investor acquires public shares after our initial public offering, they will be entitled to liquidating distributions
from the trust account with respect to such public shares if we fail to complete our initial business combination by September
5, 2020. Our sponsor, officers and directors have
agreed, pursuant to a written agreement with us, that they will not propose any amendment to our amended and restated certificate
of incorporation (i) to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to redeem 100% of our public shares if we do not complete
our initial business combination by September 5, 2020 or (ii) with respect to any other provision relating to stockholders’
rights or pre-initial business combination activity, unless we provide our public stockholders with the opportunity to redeem
their shares of Class A common stock upon approval of any such amendment at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to
the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and
not previously released to us to pay our taxes, divided by the number of then outstanding public shares. However, we may not redeem
our public shares in an amount that would cause our net tangible assets to be less than $5,000,001 upon consummation of our initial
business combination and after payment of underwriters’ fees and commissions (so that we are not subject to the SEC’s
“penny stock” rules). If this optional redemption right is exercised with respect to an excessive number of public
shares such that we cannot satisfy the net tangible asset requirement (described above), we would not proceed with the amendment
or the related redemption of our public shares at such time. We expect that all costs and expenses associated
with implementing our plan of dissolution, as well as payments to any creditors, will be funded from amounts remaining out of
the approximately $1,124,000 of proceeds held outside the trust account (as of December 31, 2019), although there is no assurance
that there will be sufficient funds for such purpose. We will depend on sufficient interest being earned on the proceeds held
in the trust account to pay any tax obligations we may owe. However, if those funds are not sufficient to cover the costs and
expenses associated with implementing our plan of dissolution, to the extent that there is any interest accrued in the trust account
not required to pay taxes on interest income earned on the trust account balance, we may request the trustee to release to us
an additional amount of up to $100,000 of such accrued interest to pay those costs and expenses. If we were to expend all of the net proceeds
of our initial public offering and the sale of the private placement warrants, other than the proceeds deposited in the trust
account, and without taking into account interest, if any, earned on the trust account, the per-share redemption amount received
by stockholders upon our dissolution would be approximately $10.10. The proceeds deposited in the trust account could, however,
become subject to the claims of our creditors which would have higher priority than the claims of our public stockholders. There
is no assurance that the actual per-share redemption amount received by stockholders will not be substantially less than
$10.10. Under Section 281(b) of the DGCL, our plan of dissolution must provide for all claims against us to be paid in full or
make provision for payments to be made in full, as applicable, if there are sufficient assets. These claims must be paid or provided
for before we make any distribution of our remaining assets to our stockholders. While we intend to pay such amounts, if any,
there is no assurance that we will have funds sufficient to pay or provide for all creditors’ claims. Although we have sought and will continue
to seek to have all vendors, service providers, prospective target businesses or other entities with which we do business (except
our independent registered accounting firm) execute agreements with us waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind
in or to any monies held in the trust account for the benefit of our public stockholders, there is no guarantee that they will
execute such agreements or even if they execute such agreements that they would be prevented from bringing claims against the
trust account including but not limited to fraudulent inducement, breach of fiduciary responsibility or other similar claims,
as well as claims challenging the enforceability of the waiver, in each case in order to gain an advantage with respect to a claim
against our assets, including the funds held in the trust account. If any third party refuses to execute an agreement waiving
such claims to the monies held in the trust account, our management will perform an analysis of the alternatives available to
it and will only enter into an agreement with a third party that has not executed a waiver if management believes that such third
party’s engagement would be significantly more beneficial to us than any alternative. Examples of possible instances where
we may engage a third party that refuses to execute a waiver include the engagement of a third-party consultant whose particular
expertise or skills are believed by management to be significantly superior to those of other consultants that would agree to
execute a waiver or in cases where management is unable to find a service provider willing to execute a waiver. 18 In addition, there is no guarantee that
such entities will agree to waive any claims they may have in the future as a result of, or arising out of, any negotiations,
contracts or agreements with us and will not seek recourse against the trust account for any reason. Our sponsor has agreed that
it will be liable to us if and to the extent any claims by a third party for services rendered or products sold to us, or a prospective
target business with which we have entered into a written letter of intent, confidentiality or similar agreement or business combination
agreement, reduce the amount of funds in the trust account to below the lesser of (i) $10.10 per public share and (ii) the actual
amount per public share held in the trust account as of the date of the liquidation of the trust account, if less than $10.10
per share due to reductions in the value of the trust assets, less taxes payable, provided that such liability will not apply
to any claims by a third party or prospective target business who executed a waiver of any and all rights to the monies held in
the trust account (whether or not such waiver is enforceable) nor will it apply to any claims under our indemnity of the underwriters
of our initial public offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act. However, we have not
asked our sponsor to reserve for such indemnification obligations, nor have we independently verified whether our sponsor has
sufficient funds to satisfy its indemnity obligations and believe that our sponsor’s only assets are securities of our company.
Therefore, there is no assurance that our sponsor would be able to satisfy those obligations. None of our officers or directors
will indemnify us for claims by third parties including, without limitation, claims by vendors and prospective target businesses. In the event that the proceeds in the trust
account are reduced below (i) $10.10 per public share or (ii) such lesser amount per public share held in the trust account as
of the date of the liquidation of the trust account, due to reductions in value of the trust assets, in each case net of the amount
of interest which may be withdrawn to pay taxes, and our sponsor asserts that it is unable to satisfy its indemnification obligations
or that it has no indemnification obligations related to a particular claim, our independent directors would determine whether
to take legal action against our sponsor to enforce its indemnification obligations. While we currently expect that our independent
directors would take legal action on our behalf against our sponsor to enforce its indemnification obligations to us, it is possible
that our independent directors in exercising their business judgment may choose not to do so if, for example, the cost of such
legal action is deemed by the independent directors to be too high relative to the amount recoverable or if the independent directors
determine that a favorable outcome is not likely. We have not asked our sponsor to reserve for such indemnification obligations
and there is no assurance that our sponsor would be able to satisfy those obligations. Accordingly, there is no assurance that
due to claims of creditors the actual value of the per-share redemption price will not be less than $10.10 per public share. We will seek to reduce the possibility
that our sponsor has to indemnify the trust account due to claims of creditors by endeavoring to have all vendors, service providers,
prospective target businesses or other entities with which we do business (except our independent registered accounting firm)
execute agreements with us waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to monies held in the trust account.
Our sponsor will also not be liable as to any claims under our indemnity of the underwriters of our initial public offering against
certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act. We have access to up to approximately $1,124,000 of the proceeds
of our initial public offering held outside the trust account (as of December 31, 2019) with which to pay any such potential claims
(including costs and expenses incurred in connection with our liquidation, currently estimated to be no more than approximately
$100,000). In the event that we liquidate and it is subsequently determined that the reserve for claims and liabilities is insufficient,
stockholders who received funds from our trust account could be liable for claims made by creditors. Under the DGCL, stockholders may be held
liable for claims by third parties against a corporation to the extent of distributions received by them in a dissolution. The
pro rata portion of our trust account distributed to our public stockholders upon the redemption of our public shares in the event
we do not complete our initial business combination by September 5, 2020 may be considered a liquidating distribution under Delaware
law. Delaware law provides that if a corporation complies with certain procedures set forth in Section 280 of the DGCL intended
to ensure that it makes reasonable provision for all claims against it, including a 60-day notice period during which any
third-party claims can be brought against the corporation, a 90-day period during which the corporation may reject any
claims brought, and an additional 150-day waiting period before any liquidating distributions are made to stockholders, any
liability of stockholders with respect to a liquidating distribution is limited to the lesser of such stockholder’s pro
rata share of the claim or the amount distributed to the stockholder, and any liability of the stockholder would be barred after
the third anniversary of the dissolution. 19 Furthermore, if the pro rata portion of
our trust account distributed to our public stockholders upon the redemption of our public shares in the event we do not complete
our initial business combination by September 5, 2020, is not considered a liquidating distribution under Delaware law and such
redemption distribution is deemed to be unlawful (potentially due to the imposition of legal proceedings that a party may bring
or due to other circumstances that are currently unknown), then pursuant to Section 174 of the DGCL, the statute of limitations
for claims of creditors could then be six years after the unlawful redemption distribution, instead of three years, as in the
case of a liquidating distribution. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination by September 5, 2020, we will:
(i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business
days thereafter, redeem the public shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit
in the trust account including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay
our taxes (less up to $100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then outstanding public shares,
which redemption will completely extinguish public stockholders’ rights as stockholders (including the right to receive
further liquidating distributions, if any), subject to applicable law, and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following
such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining stockholders and our board of directors, dissolve and liquidate, subject
in each case to our obligations under Delaware law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable
law. Accordingly, it is our intention to redeem our public shares as soon as reasonably possible following September 5, 2020 and,
therefore, we do not intend to comply with those procedures. As such, our stockholders could potentially be liable for any claims
to the extent of distributions received by them (but no more) and any liability of our stockholders may extend well beyond the
third anniversary of such date. Because we will not be complying with Section
280, Section 281(b) of the DGCL requires us to adopt a plan, based on facts known to us at such time that will provide for our
payment of all existing and pending claims or claims that may be potentially brought against us within the subsequent 10 years.
However, because we are a blank check company, rather than an operating company, and our operations are limited to searching for
prospective target businesses to acquire, the only likely claims to arise would be from our vendors (such as lawyers, investment
banker, etc.) or prospective target businesses. As described above, pursuant to the obligation contained in our underwriting agreement,
we have sought and will continue to seek to have all vendors, service providers, prospective target businesses or other entities
with which we do business (except our independent registered accounting firm) execute agreements with us waiving any right, title,
interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies held in the trust account. As a result of this obligation, the claims that could
be made against us are significantly limited and the likelihood that any claim that would result in any liability extending to
the trust account is remote. Further, our sponsor may be liable only to the extent necessary to ensure that the amounts in the
trust account are not reduced below (i) $10.10 per public share or (ii) such lesser amount per public share held in the trust
account as of the date of the liquidation of the trust account, due to reductions in value of the trust assets, in each case net
of the amount of interest withdrawn to pay taxes and will not be liable as to any claims under our indemnity of the underwriters
of our initial public offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act. In the event that
an executed waiver is deemed to be unenforceable against a third party, our sponsor will not be responsible to the extent of any
liability for such third-party claims. If we file a bankruptcy petition or an
involuntary bankruptcy petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, the proceeds held in the trust account could be subject
to applicable bankruptcy law, and may be included in our bankruptcy estate and subject to the claims of third parties with priority
over the claims of our stockholders. To the extent any bankruptcy claims deplete the trust account, there is no assurance that
we will be able to return $10.10 per share to our public stockholders. Additionally, if we file a bankruptcy petition or an involuntary
bankruptcy petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, any distributions received by stockholders could be viewed under
applicable debtor/creditor and/or bankruptcy laws as either a “preferential transfer” or a “fraudulent conveyance.”
As a result, a bankruptcy court could seek to recover some or all amounts received by our stockholders. Furthermore, our board
of directors may be viewed as having breached its fiduciary duty to our creditors and/or may have acted in bad faith, thereby
exposing itself and our company to claims of punitive damages, by paying public stockholders from the trust account prior to addressing
the claims of creditors. There is no assurance that claims will not be brought against us for these reasons. Our public stockholders will be entitled
to receive funds from the trust account only upon the earlier to occur of: (i) the completion of our initial business combination,
(ii) the redemption of any public shares properly tendered in connection with a stockholder vote to amend any provisions of our
amended and restated certificate of incorporation (A) to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to redeem 100% of our
public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination by September 5, 2020 or (B) with respect to any other provision
relating to stockholders’ rights or pre-initial business combination activity, and (iii) the redemption of all
of our public shares if we are unable to complete our business combination by September 5, 2020, subject to applicable law. In
no other circumstances will a stockholder have any right or interest of any kind to or in the trust account. In the event we seek
stockholder approval in connection with our initial business combination, a stockholder’s voting in connection with the
initial business combination alone will not result in a stockholder’s redeeming its shares to us for an applicable pro rata
share of the trust account. Such stockholder must have also exercised its redemption rights as described above. These provisions
of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation, like all provisions of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation,
may be amended with a stockholder vote. 20 Competition In identifying, evaluating and selecting
a target business for our initial business combination, we have encountered, and may continue to encounter intense competition
from other entities having a business objective similar to ours, including other blank check companies, private equity groups
and leveraged buyout funds, and operating businesses seeking strategic business combinations. Many of these entities are well
established and have extensive experience identifying and effecting business combinations directly or through affiliates. Moreover,
many of these competitors possess greater financial, technical, human and other resources than we do. Our ability to acquire larger
target businesses is limited by our available financial resources. This inherent limitation gives others an advantage in pursuing
the initial business combination of a target business. Furthermore, our obligation to pay cash in connection with our public stockholders
who exercise their redemption rights may reduce the resources available to us for our initial business combination and our outstanding
warrants, and the future dilution they potentially represent, may not be viewed favorably by certain target businesses. Either
of these factors may place us at a competitive disadvantage in successfully negotiating an initial business combination. Employees We currently have three officers (including
our President and Chief Operating Officer). These individuals are not obligated to devote any specific number of hours to our
matters but they devote as much of their time as they deem necessary to our affairs and intend to continue doing so until we have
completed our initial business combination. The amount of time they devote in any time period may vary based on whether a target
business has been selected for our initial business combination and the stage of the initial business combination process we are
in, but Mr. Hennessy devotes a substantial portion of his professional time to our affairs. We do not intend to have any
full-time employees prior to the completion of our initial business combination. Periodic Reporting and Financial Information Our units, Class A common stock and warrants
are registered under the Exchange Act and we have reporting obligations, including the requirement that we file annual, quarterly
and current reports with the SEC. In accordance with the requirements of the Exchange Act, this Report contains financial statements
audited and reported on by our independent registered public accountants. We will provide stockholders with audited
financial statements of the prospective target business as part of the tender offer materials or proxy solicitation materials
sent to stockholders to assist them in assessing the target business. In all likelihood, these financial statements will need
to be prepared in accordance with, or reconciled to, GAAP, or IFRS, depending on the circumstances, and the historical financial
statements may be required to be audited in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. These financial statement requirements
may limit the pool of potential targets we may conduct an initial business combination with because some targets may be unable
to provide such statements in time for us to disclose such statements in accordance with federal proxy rules and complete our
initial business combination within the prescribed time frame. There is no assurance that any particular target business identified
by us as a potential business combination candidate will have financial statements prepared in accordance with GAAP or that the
potential target business will be able to prepare its financial statements in accordance with the requirements outlined above.
To the extent that these requirements cannot be met, we may not be able to acquire the proposed target business. While this may
limit the pool of potential business combination candidates, we do not believe that this limitation will be material. 21 We are required to evaluate our internal
control procedures for the fiscal year ending December 31, 2020 as required by the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. Only in the event
we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer or an accelerated filer, and no longer qualify as an emerging growth company, will
we be required to have our internal control procedures audited. A target company may not be in compliance with the provisions
of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act regarding adequacy of their internal controls. The development of the internal controls of any
such entity to achieve compliance with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act may increase the time and costs necessary to complete any such
business combination. We have filed a Registration Statement on Form 8-A with the SEC to voluntarily register our securities under
Section 12 of the Exchange Act. As a result, we are subject to the rules and regulations promulgated under the Exchange Act. We
have no current intention of filing a Form 15 to suspend our reporting or other obligations under the Exchange Act prior or subsequent
to the consummation of our initial business combination. We will remain an emerging growth company
until the earlier of (1) the last day of the fiscal year (a) following March 5, 2024, (b) in which we have total annual gross
revenue of at least $1.07 billion, or (c) in which we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer, which means the market
value of our shares of Class A common stock that are held by non-affiliates exceeds $700 million as of the prior June
30 th , and (2) the date on which we have issued more than $1.0 billion in non-convertible debt during
the prior three-year period. Item 1A. | Risk Factors. You should carefully
consider all of following risk factors and all the other information contained in this Report, including the financial statements.
If any of the following risks occur, our business, financial condition or results of operations may be materially and adversely
affected. In that event, the trading price of our securities could decline, and you could lose all or part of your investment.
The risk factors described below are not necessarily exhaustive and you are encouraged to perform your own investigation with
respect to us and our business. We are a newly formed company with no operating history
and no revenues, and you have no basis on which to evaluate our ability to achieve our business objective. We are a newly formed early stage company
with no operating results. Because we lack an operating history, you have no basis upon which to evaluate our ability to achieve
our business objective of completing our initial business combination with one or more target businesses. We may be unable to
complete our initial business combination. If we fail to complete our initial business combination, we will never generate any
operating revenues. The report of our independent registered
public accounting firm expresses substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. Our
auditors have indicated in their report on our financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2019 that conditions exist
that raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern because if we do not complete a business combination
by September 5, 2020, we will cease all operations except for the purpose of winding down and liquidating. A “going concern”
opinion could impair our ability to finance our initial business combination through the sale of equity, incurring debt, or other
financing alternatives. There can be no assurance that we will be able to consummate an initial business combination by September
5, 2020. Our public stockholders may not be afforded an opportunity
to vote on our proposed initial business combination, which means we may complete our initial business combination even if a majority
of our public stockholders do not support such a combination. We may choose not to hold a stockholder
vote to approve our initial business combination unless the initial business combination would require stockholder approval under
applicable law or stock exchange listing requirements or if we decide to hold a stockholder vote for business or other legal reasons.
Except as required by law, the decision as to whether we will seek stockholder approval of a proposed initial business combination
or will allow stockholders to sell their shares to us in a tender offer will be made by us, solely in our discretion, and will
be based on a variety of factors, such as the timing of the transaction and whether the terms of the transaction would otherwise
require us to seek stockholder approval. Accordingly, we may complete our initial business combination even if holders of a majority
of our public shares do not approve of the initial business combination we complete. 22 If we seek stockholder approval of our initial business
combination, after approval of our board, our sponsor, officers and directors have agreed to vote in favor of such initial business
combination, regardless of how our public stockholders vote. Pursuant to the letter agreement, our sponsor,
officers and directors have agreed to vote their founder shares, as well as any public shares purchased after our initial public
offering (including in open market and privately negotiated transactions), in favor of our initial business combination. As a
result, in addition to the founder shares held by our sponsor, officers and directors (and excluding any shares held by our anchor
investor and Nomura), we would need only 12,127,556, or approximately 40.4%, of the 30,015,000 public shares sold in our initial
public offering to be voted in favor of an initial business combination (assuming all outstanding shares are voted) in order to
have our initial business combination approved. Any forward purchase shares issued by us to Nomura will not be entitled to vote
on our initial business combination since those shares will not be issued until the closing of such transaction, although Nomura
may elect to purchase (and vote) shares from existing stockholders. Our initial stockholders currently own 20% of our outstanding
shares of common stock. Accordingly, if we seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination, after approval of our
board, the agreement by our sponsor, officers and directors to vote in favor of our initial business combination will increase
the likelihood that we will receive the requisite stockholder approval for such initial business combination. Your only opportunity to affect the investment decision
regarding a potential business combination will be limited to the exercise of your right to redeem your shares from us for cash,
unless we seek stockholder approval of the initial business combination. Since our board of directors may complete
an initial business combination without seeking stockholder approval, public stockholders may not have the right or opportunity
to vote on the initial business combination, unless we seek such stockholder vote. Accordingly, if we do not seek stockholder
approval, your only opportunity to affect the investment decision regarding a potential business combination may be limited to
exercising your redemption rights within the period of time (which will be at least 20 business days) set forth in our tender
offer documents mailed to our public stockholders in which we describe our initial business combination. The ability of our public stockholders to redeem their shares
for cash may make our financial condition unattractive to potential business combination targets, which may make it difficult
for us to enter into an initial business combination with a target. We may seek to enter into an initial business
combination agreement with a prospective target that requires as a closing condition that we have a minimum net worth or a certain
amount of cash. While we may have access to proceeds from the forward purchase agreement with Nomura, if too many public stockholders
exercise their redemption rights, we would not be able to meet such closing condition and, as a result, would not be able to proceed
with the initial business combination. Furthermore, in no event will we redeem our public shares in an amount that would cause
our net tangible assets to be less than $5,000,001 upon consummation of our initial business combination and after payment of
underwriters’ fees and commissions (so that we are not subject to the SEC’s “penny stock” rules) or any
greater net tangible asset or cash requirement which may be contained in the agreement relating to our initial business combination.
Consequently, if accepting all properly submitted redemption requests would cause our net tangible assets to be less than $5,000,001
upon consummation of our initial business combination and after payment of underwriters’ fees and commissions or such greater
amount necessary to satisfy a closing condition as described above, we would not proceed with such redemption and the related
business combination and may instead search for an alternate business combination. Prospective targets will be aware of these
risks and, thus, may be reluctant to enter into an initial business combination with us. 23 The ability of our public stockholders to exercise redemption
rights with respect to a large number of our shares may not allow us to complete the most desirable business combination or optimize
our capital structure. At the time we enter into an agreement
for our initial business combination, we will not know how many stockholders may exercise their redemption rights, and therefore
will need to structure the transaction based on our expectations as to the number of shares that will be submitted for redemption.
If our initial business combination agreement requires us to use a portion of the cash in the trust account to pay the purchase
price, or requires us to have a minimum amount of cash at closing, we will need to reserve a portion of the cash in the trust
account to meet such requirements, or arrange for third party financing. In addition, if a larger number of shares are submitted
for redemption than we initially expected, we may need to restructure the transaction to reserve a greater portion of the cash
in the trust account or arrange for third party financing. Raising additional third party financing may involve dilutive equity
issuances or the incurrence of indebtedness at higher than desirable levels. Furthermore, this dilution would increase to the
extent that the anti-dilution provision of the Class B common stock results in the issuance of Class A shares on a greater
than one-to-one basis upon conversion of the Class B common stock at the time of our business combination. The above considerations
may limit our ability to complete the most desirable business combination available to us or optimize our capital structure. The
amount of the deferred underwriting commissions payable to the underwriters will not be adjusted for any shares that are redeemed
in connection with an initial business combination. The per share amount we will distribute to stockholders who properly exercise
their redemption rights will not be reduced by the deferred underwriting commission and after such redemptions, the per-share value
of shares held by non-redeeming stockholders will reflect our obligation to pay the deferred underwriting commissions. The ability of our public stockholders to exercise redemption
rights with respect to a large number of our shares could increase the probability that our initial business combination would
be unsuccessful and that you would have to wait for liquidation in order to redeem your stock. If our initial business combination agreement
requires us to use a portion of the cash in the trust account to pay the purchase price, or requires us to have a minimum amount
of cash at closing, the probability that our initial business combination would be unsuccessful is increased. If our initial business
combination is unsuccessful, you would not receive your pro rata portion of the trust account until we liquidate the trust account.
If you are in need of immediate liquidity, you could attempt to sell your stock in the open market; however, at such time our
stock may trade at a discount to the pro rata amount per share in the trust account. In either situation, you may suffer a material
loss on your investment or lose the benefit of funds expected in connection with our redemption until we liquidate or you are
able to sell your stock in the open market. The requirement that we complete our initial business combination
within the prescribed time frame may give potential target businesses leverage over us in negotiating an initial business combination
and may decrease our ability to conduct due diligence on potential business combination targets as we approach our dissolution
deadline, which could undermine our ability to complete our initial business combination on terms that would produce value for
our stockholders. Any potential target business with which
we enter into negotiations concerning an initial business combination will be aware that we must complete our initial business
combination by September 5, 2020. Consequently, such target business may obtain leverage over us in negotiating an initial business
combination, knowing that if we do not complete our initial business combination with that particular target business, we may
be unable to complete our initial business combination with any target business. This risk will increase as we get closer to the
timeframe described above. In addition, we may have limited time to conduct due diligence and may enter into our initial business
combination on terms that we would have rejected upon a more comprehensive investigation. We may not be able to complete our initial business combination
within the prescribed time frame, in which case we would cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up and we would
redeem our public shares and liquidate, in which case our public stockholders may only receive $10.10 per share, or less than
such amount in certain circumstances, and our warrants will expire worthless. Our amended and restated certificate of
incorporation provides that we must complete our initial business combination within 18 months from the closing of our initial
public offering, or until September 5, 2020. We may not be able to find a suitable target business and complete our initial business
combination by such date. If we have not completed our initial business combination by such date, we will: (i) cease all operations
except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter,
redeem the public shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust
account including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our taxes (less
up to $100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, which redemption
will completely extinguish public stockholders’ rights as stockholders (including the right to receive further liquidating
distributions, if any), subject to applicable law, and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject
to the approval of our remaining stockholders and our board of directors, dissolve and liquidate, subject in each case to our
obligations under Delaware law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. In such case,
our public stockholders may only receive $10.10 per share, and our warrants will expire worthless. In certain circumstances, our
public stockholders may receive less than $10.10 per share on the redemption of their shares. 24 If we seek stockholder approval of our initial business
combination, our sponsor, directors, officers, advisors and their affiliates may elect to purchase shares or warrants from public
stockholders, which may influence a vote on a proposed initial business combination and reduce the public “float”
of our Class A common stock. If we seek stockholder approval of our
initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business combination pursuant to
the tender offer rules, our sponsor, directors, officers, advisors or their affiliates may purchase public shares or public warrants
or a combination thereof in privately negotiated transactions or in the open market either prior to or following the completion
of our initial business combination, although they are under no obligation to do so. However, they have no current commitments,
plans or intentions to engage in such transactions and have not formulated any terms or conditions for any such transactions.
None of the funds in the trust account will be used to purchase public shares or public warrants in such transactions. Such a purchase may include a contractual
acknowledgement that such stockholder, although still the record holder of our shares is no longer the beneficial owner thereof
and therefore agrees not to exercise its redemption rights. In the event that our sponsor, directors, officers, advisors or their
affiliates purchase shares in privately negotiated transactions from public stockholders who have already elected to exercise
their redemption rights, such selling stockholders would be required to revoke their prior elections to redeem their shares. The
purpose of such purchases could be to vote such shares in favor of the initial business combination and thereby increase the likelihood
of obtaining stockholder approval of the initial business combination, or to satisfy a closing condition in an agreement with
a target that requires us to have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash at the closing of our initial business combination,
where it appears that such requirement would otherwise not be met. The purpose of any such purchases of public warrants could
be to reduce the number of public warrants outstanding or to vote such warrants on any matters submitted to the warrantholders
for approval in connection with our initial business combination. Any such purchases of our securities may result in the completion
of our initial business combination that may not otherwise have been possible. Any such purchases will be reported pursuant to
Section 13 and Section 16 of the Exchange Act to the extent such purchasers are subject to such reporting requirements. In addition, if such purchases are made,
the public “float” of our Class A common stock or public warrants and the number of beneficial holders of our securities
may be reduced, possibly making it difficult to maintain the quotation, listing or trading of our securities on a national securities
exchange. If a stockholder fails to receive notice of our offer to
redeem our public shares in connection with our initial business combination, or fails to comply with the procedures for tendering
its shares, such shares may not be redeemed. We will comply with the tender offer rules
or proxy rules, as applicable, when conducting redemptions in connection with our initial business combination. Despite our compliance
with these rules, if a stockholder fails to receive our tender offer or proxy materials, as applicable, such stockholder may not
become aware of the opportunity to redeem its shares. In addition, proxy materials or tender offer documents, as applicable, that
we will furnish to holders of our public shares in connection with our initial business combination will describe the various
procedures that must be complied with in order to validly tender or redeem public shares. For example, we may require our public
stockholders seeking to exercise their redemption rights, whether they are record holders or hold their shares in “street
name,” to either tender their certificates to our transfer agent prior to the date set forth in the tender offer documents
mailed to such holders, or up to two business days prior to the vote on the proposal to approve the initial business combination
in the event we distribute proxy materials, or to deliver their shares to the transfer agent electronically. In the event that
a stockholder fails to comply with these or any other procedures, its shares may not be redeemed. 25 You will not have any rights or interests in funds from
the trust account, except under certain limited circumstances. To liquidate your investment, therefore, you may be forced to sell
your public shares or warrants, potentially at a loss. Our public stockholders will be entitled
to receive funds from the trust account only upon the earliest to occur of: (i) our completion of an initial business combination,
and then only in connection with those shares of Class A common stock that such stockholder properly elected to redeem, subject
to the limitations described herein, (ii) the redemption of any public shares properly submitted in connection with a stockholder
vote to amend our amended and restated certificate of incorporation (A) to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to
redeem 100% of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination by September 5, 2020 or (B) with respect
to any other provision relating to stockholders’ rights or pre-initial business combination activity and (iii) the
redemption of our public shares if we are unable to complete an initial business combination by September 5, 2020, subject to
applicable law and as further described herein. In no other circumstances will a public stockholder have any right or interest
of any kind in the trust account. Holders of warrants will not have any right to the proceeds held in the trust account with respect
to the warrants. Accordingly, to liquidate your investment, you may be forced to sell your public shares or warrants, potentially
at a loss. Nasdaq may delist our securities from trading on its exchange,
which could limit investors’ ability to make transactions in our securities and subject us to additional trading restrictions. Our securities are currently listed on
Nasdaq. However, we cannot assure you that our securities will continue to be listed on Nasdaq in the future or prior to our initial
business combination. In order to continue listing our securities on Nasdaq prior to our initial business combination, we must
maintain certain financial, distribution and stock price levels. Generally, we must maintain a minimum amount in stockholders’
equity (generally $2,500,000) and a minimum number of holders of our securities (generally 300 public holders). Additionally,
in connection with our initial business combination, we will be required to demonstrate compliance with Nasdaq’s initial
listing requirements, which are more rigorous than Nasdaq’s continued listing requirements, in order to continue to maintain
the listing of our securities on Nasdaq. For instance, our stock price would generally be required to be at least $4.00 per share,
our stockholders’ equity would generally be required to be at least $5.0 million and we would be required to have a minimum
of 300 round lot holders (with at least 50% of such round lot holders holding securities with a market value of at least $2,500)
of our securities. We cannot assure you that we will be able to meet those initial listing requirements at that time. If Nasdaq delists our securities from trading
on its exchange and we are not able to list our securities on another national securities exchange, we expect our securities could
be quoted on an over-the-counter market. If this were to occur, we could face significant material adverse consequences, including: ● | a limited availability of market quotations for our securities; ● | reduced liquidity for our securities; ● | a determination that our Class A common stock is a “penny stock” which will require brokers trading in our Class A common stock to adhere to more stringent rules and possibly result in a reduced level of trading activity in the secondary trading market for our securities; ● | a limited amount of news and analyst coverage; and ● | a decreased ability to issue additional securities or obtain additional financing in the future. The National Securities Markets Improvement
Act of 1996, which is a federal statute, prevents or preempts the states from regulating the sale of certain securities, which
are referred to as “covered securities.” Because our units, Class A common stock and warrants are listed on Nasdaq,
our units, Class A common stock and warrants are covered securities. Although the states are preempted from regulating the sale
of our securities, the federal statute does allow the states to investigate companies if there is a suspicion of fraud, and, if
there is a finding of fraudulent activity, then the states can regulate or bar the sale of covered securities in a particular
case. While we are not aware of a state having used these powers to prohibit or restrict the sale of securities issued by blank
check companies, other than the State of Idaho, certain state securities regulators view blank check companies unfavorably and
might use these powers, or threaten to use these powers, to hinder the sale of securities of blank check companies in their states.
Further, if we were no longer listed on Nasdaq, our securities would not be covered securities and we would be subject to regulation
in each state in which we offer our securities, including in connection with our initial business combination. Our search for a business combination,
and any target business with which we ultimately consummate a business combination, may be materially adversely affected by the
recent coronavirus (COVID-19) outbreak. In December 2019, a novel strain of coronavirus was reported to have surfaced in Wuhan, China, which has and is continuing
to spread throughout China and other parts of the world, including the United States. On January 30, 2020, the World Health
Organization declared the outbreak of the coronavirus disease (COVID-19) a “Public Health Emergency of International
Concern.” On January 31, 2020, U.S. Health and Human Services Secretary Alex M. Azar II declared a public health emergency
for the United States to aid the U.S. healthcare community in responding to COVID-19, and on March 11, 2020 the World Health
Organization characterized the outbreak as a “pandemic”. A significant outbreak of COVID-19 and other infectious
diseases could result in a widespread health crisis that could adversely affect the economies and financial markets worldwide,
and the business of any potential target business with which we consummate a business combination could be materially and
adversely affected. Furthermore, we may be unable to complete a business combination if continued concerns relating to COVID-19
restrict travel, limit the ability to have meetings with potential investors or the target company’s personnel, vendors
and services providers are unavailable to negotiate and consummate a transaction in a timely manner. The extent to which COVID-19
impacts our search for a business combination will depend on future developments, which are highly uncertain and cannot be
predicted, including new information which may emerge concerning the severity of COVID-19 and the actions to contain COVID-19
or treat its impact, among others. If the disruptions posed by COVID-19 or other matters of global concern continue for an
extensive period of time, our ability to consummate a business combination, or the operations of a target business with which
we ultimately consummate a business combination, may be materially adversely affected. 26 You will not be entitled to protections normally afforded
to investors of some other blank check companies. Since the net proceeds of our initial public
offering and the sale of the private placement warrants are intended to be used to complete an initial business combination with
a target business that has not been identified, we may be deemed to be a “blank check” company under the United States
securities laws. However, because we have net tangible assets in excess of $5,000,000, we are exempt from rules promulgated by
the SEC to protect investors in blank check companies, such as Rule 419. Accordingly, investors will not be afforded the
benefits or protections of those rules. Among other things, this means that we have a longer period of time to complete our initial
business combination than do companies subject to Rule 419. Moreover, if our initial public offering were subject to Rule 419,
that rule would prohibit the release of any interest earned on funds held in the trust account to us unless and until the funds
in the trust account were released to us in connection with our completion of an initial business combination. If we seek stockholder approval of our initial business
combination and we do not conduct redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules, and if you or a “group” of stockholders
are deemed to hold in excess of 15% of our Class A common stock, you will lose the ability to redeem all such shares in excess
of 15% of our Class A common stock. If we seek stockholder approval of our
initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business combination pursuant to
the tender offer rules, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that a public stockholder, together with
any affiliate of such stockholder or any other person with whom such stockholder is acting in concert or as a “group”
(as defined under Section 13 of the Exchange Act), will be restricted from seeking redemption rights with respect to more than
an aggregate of 15% of the shares sold in our initial public offering without our prior consent, which we refer to as the “Excess
Shares.” However, we would not be restricting our stockholders’ ability to vote all of their shares (including Excess
Shares) for or against our initial business combination. Your inability to redeem the Excess Shares will reduce your influence
over our ability to complete our initial business combination and you could suffer a material loss on your investment in us if
you sell Excess Shares in open market transactions. Additionally, you will not receive redemption distributions with respect to
the Excess Shares if we complete our initial business combination. And as a result, you will continue to hold that number of shares
exceeding 15% and, in order to dispose of such shares, would be required to sell your stock in open market transactions, potentially
at a loss. Because of our limited resources and the significant competition
for business combination opportunities, it may be more difficult for us to complete our initial business combination. If we are
unable to complete our initial business combination, our public stockholders may receive only approximately $10.10 per share on
our redemption of our public shares, or less than such amount in certain circumstances, and our warrants will expire worthless. We have encountered and expect to continue
to encounter intense competition from other entities having a business objective similar to ours, including private investors
(which may be individuals or investment partnerships), other blank check companies and other entities competing for the types
of businesses we intend to acquire. Many of these individuals and entities are well-established and have extensive experience
in identifying and effecting, directly or indirectly, acquisitions of companies operating in or providing services to various
industries. Many of these competitors possess greater technical, human and other resources or more industry knowledge than we
do, and our financial resources are relatively limited when contrasted with those of many of these competitors. While we believe
there are numerous target businesses we could potentially acquire with the net proceeds of our initial public offering and the
sale of the private placement warrants, our ability to compete with respect to the acquisition of certain target businesses that
are sizable is limited by our available financial resources. This inherent competitive limitation gives others an advantage in
pursuing the acquisition of certain target businesses. Furthermore, because we are obligated to pay cash for the shares of Class
A common stock which our public stockholders redeem in connection with our initial business combination, target companies will
be aware that this may reduce the resources available to us for our initial business combination. This may place us at a competitive
disadvantage in successfully negotiating an initial business combination. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination,
our public stockholders may receive only approximately $10.10 per share on the liquidation of our trust account and our warrants
will expire worthless. In certain circumstances, our public stockholders may receive less than $10.10 per share upon our liquidation. 27 If the net proceeds of our initial public offering and the
sale of the private placement warrants not being held in the trust account are insufficient to allow us to operate until September
5, 2020, we may be unable to complete our initial business combination, in which case our public stockholders may only receive
$10.10 per share, or less than such amount in certain circumstances, and our warrants will expire worthless. The funds available to us outside of the
trust account may not be sufficient to allow us to operate until September 5, 2020, assuming that our initial business combination
is not completed during that time. We believe that the funds available to us outside of the trust account as of December 31, 2019
of $1,124,000 are sufficient to allow us to operate until September 5, 2020; however, we cannot assure you that our estimate is
accurate. Of the funds available to us, we could use a portion of the funds available to us to pay fees to consultants to assist
us with our search for a target business. We could also use a portion of the funds as a down payment or to fund a “no-shop”
provision (a provision in letters of intent or merger agreements designed to keep target businesses from “shopping”
around for transactions with other companies on terms more favorable to such target businesses) with respect to a particular proposed
initial business combination, although we do not have any current intention to do so. If we entered into a letter of intent or
merger agreement where we paid for the right to receive exclusivity from a target business and were subsequently required to forfeit
such funds (whether as a result of our breach or otherwise), we might not have sufficient funds to continue searching for, or
conduct due diligence with respect to, a target business. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination, our public
stockholders may receive only approximately $10.10 per share on the liquidation of our trust account and our warrants will expire
worthless. In certain circumstances, our public stockholders may receive less than $10.10 per share upon our liquidation. If the net proceeds of our initial public offering and the
sale of the private placement warrants not being held in the trust account are insufficient, it could limit the amount available
to fund our search for a target business or businesses and complete our initial business combination and we will depend on loans
from our sponsor or management team to fund our search for an initial business combination, to pay our taxes and to complete our
initial business combination. If we are unable to obtain these loans, we may be unable to complete our initial business combination. Of the net proceeds of our initial public
offering and the sale of the private placement warrants, only approximately $1,124,000 (as of December 31, 2019) is available
to us outside the trust account to fund our working capital requirements. If we are required to seek additional capital, we would
need to borrow funds from our sponsor, management team or other third parties to operate or may be forced to liquidate. None of
our sponsor, members of our management team nor any of their affiliates is under any obligation to advance funds to us in such
circumstances. Any such advances would be repaid only from funds held outside the trust account or from funds released to us upon
completion of our initial business combination. Up to $1,500,000 of such loans may be convertible into private placement-equivalent warrants
at a price of $1.00 per warrant at the option of the lender. Prior to the completion of our initial business combination, we do
not expect to seek loans from parties other than our sponsor or an affiliate of our sponsor as we do not believe third parties
will be willing to loan such funds and provide a waiver against any and all rights to seek access to funds in our trust account.
If we are unable to obtain these loans, we may be unable to complete our initial business combination. If we are unable to complete
our initial business combination because we do not have sufficient funds available to us, we will be forced to cease operations
and liquidate the trust account. Consequently, our public stockholders may only receive approximately $10.10 per share on our
redemption of our public shares, and our warrants will expire worthless. In certain circumstances, our public stockholders may
receive less than $10.10 per share on the redemption of their shares. 28 Subsequent to the completion of our initial business combination,
we may be required to take write-downs or write-offs, restructuring and impairment or other charges that could have a significant
negative effect on our financial condition, results of operations and our stock price, which could cause you to lose some or all
of your investment. Even if we conduct extensive due diligence
on a target business with which we combine, we cannot assure you that this diligence will surface all material issues that may
be present inside a particular target business, that it would be possible to uncover all material issues through a customary amount
of due diligence, or that factors outside of the target business and outside of our control will not later arise. As a result
of these factors, we may be forced to later write-down or write-off assets, restructure our operations, or incur impairment
or other charges that could result in our reporting losses. Even if our due diligence successfully identifies certain risks, unexpected
risks may arise and previously known risks may materialize in a manner not consistent with our preliminary risk analysis. Although
these charges may be non-cash items and not have an immediate impact on our liquidity, the fact that we report charges of
this nature could contribute to negative market perceptions about us or our securities. In addition, charges of this nature may
cause us to violate net worth or other covenants to which we may be subject as a result of assuming pre-existing debt held
by a target business or by virtue of our obtaining debt financing to partially finance the initial business combination. Accordingly,
any stockholders who choose to remain stockholders following the initial business combination could suffer a reduction in the
value of their shares. Such stockholders are unlikely to have a remedy for such reduction in value unless they are able to successfully
claim that the reduction was due to the breach by our officers or directors of a duty of care or other fiduciary duty owed to
them, or if they are able to successfully bring a private claim under securities laws that the proxy solicitation or tender offer
materials, as applicable, relating to the initial business combination constituted an actionable material misstatement or omission. If third parties bring claims against us, the proceeds held
in the trust account could be reduced and the per-share redemption amount received by stockholders may be less than $10.10 per
share. Our placing of funds in the trust account
may not protect those funds from third-party claims against us. Although we will seek to have all vendors, service providers,
prospective target businesses and other entities with which we do business (except our independent registered accounting firm)
execute agreements with us waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies held in the trust account
for the benefit of our public stockholders, such parties may not execute such agreements, or even if they execute such agreements
they may not be prevented from bringing claims against the trust account, including, but not limited to, fraudulent inducement,
breach of fiduciary responsibility or other similar claims, as well as claims challenging the enforceability of the waiver, in
each case in order to gain advantage with respect to a claim against our assets, including the funds held in the trust account.
If any third party refuses to execute an agreement waiving such claims to the monies held in the trust account, our management
will perform an analysis of the alternatives available to it and will only enter into an agreement with a third party that has
not executed a waiver if management believes that such third party’s engagement would be significantly more beneficial to
us than any alternative. We are not aware of any product or service providers who have not or will not provide such waiver other
than the underwriters of our initial public offering and our independent registered public accounting firm. Examples of possible instances where we
may engage a third party that refuses to execute a waiver include the engagement of a third party consultant whose particular
expertise or skills are believed by management to be significantly superior to those of other consultants that would agree to
execute a waiver or in cases where management is unable to find a service provider willing to execute a waiver. In addition, there
is no guarantee that such entities will agree to waive any claims they may have in the future as a result of, or arising out of,
any negotiations, contracts or agreements with us and will not seek recourse against the trust account for any reason. Upon redemption
of our public shares, if we are unable to complete our initial business combination within the prescribed timeframe, or upon the
exercise of a redemption right in connection with our initial business combination, we will be required to provide for payment
of claims of creditors that were not waived that may be brought against us within the 10 years following redemption. Accordingly,
the per-share redemption amount received by public stockholders could be less than the $10.10 per share initially held in
the trust account, due to claims of such creditors. Pursuant to a letter agreement, our sponsor has agreed that it will be liable
to us if and to the extent any claims by a third party for services rendered or products sold to us, or a prospective target business
with which we have entered into a written letter of intent, confidentiality or similar agreement or business combination agreement,
reduce the amount of funds in the trust account to below the lesser of (i) $10.10 per public share and (ii) the actual amount
per public share held in the trust account as of the date of the liquidation of the trust account, if less than $10.10 per share
due to reductions in the value of the trust assets, less taxes payable, provided that such liability will not apply to any claims
by a third party or prospective target business who executed a waiver of any and all rights to the monies held in the trust account
(whether or not such waiver is enforceable) nor will it apply to any claims under our indemnity of the underwriters of our initial
public offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act. However, we have not asked our sponsor
to reserve for such indemnification obligations, nor have we independently verified whether our sponsor has sufficient funds to
satisfy its indemnity obligations and believe that our sponsor’s only assets are securities of our company. Therefore, we
cannot assure you that our sponsor would be able to satisfy those obligations. None of our officers or directors will indemnify
us for claims by third parties including, without limitation, claims by vendors and prospective target businesses. 29 Our directors may decide not to enforce the indemnification
obligations of our sponsor, resulting in a reduction in the amount of funds in the trust account available for distribution to
our public stockholders. In the event that the proceeds in the trust
account are reduced below the lesser of (i) $10.10 per public share and (ii) the actual amount per share held in the trust account
as of the date of the liquidation of the trust account if less than $10.10 per share due to reductions in the value of the trust
assets, in each case net of the interest which may be withdrawn to pay taxes, and our sponsor asserts that it is unable to satisfy
its obligations or that it has no indemnification obligations related to a particular claim, our independent directors would determine
whether to take legal action against our sponsor to enforce its indemnification obligations. While we currently expect that our independent
directors would take legal action on our behalf against our sponsor to enforce its indemnification obligations to us, it is possible
that our independent directors in exercising their business judgment and subject to their fiduciary duties may choose not to do
so in any particular instance if, for example, the cost of such legal action is deemed by the independent directors to be too
high relative to the amount recoverable or if the independent directors determine that a favorable outcome is not likely. If our
independent directors choose not to enforce these indemnification obligations, the amount of funds in the trust account available
for distribution to our public stockholders may be reduced below $10.10 per share. We may not have sufficient funds to satisfy indemnification
claims of our directors and executive officers. We have agreed to indemnify our officers
and directors to the fullest extent permitted by law. However, our officers and directors have agreed to waive any right, title,
interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies in the trust account and not to seek recourse against the trust account for
any reason whatsoever. Accordingly, any indemnification provided will be able to be satisfied by us only if (i) we have sufficient
funds outside of the trust account or (ii) we consummate an initial business combination. Our obligation to indemnify our officers
and directors may discourage stockholders from bringing a lawsuit against our officers or directors for breach of their fiduciary
duty. These provisions also may have the effect of reducing the likelihood of derivative litigation against our officers and directors,
even though such an action, if successful, might otherwise benefit us and our stockholders. Furthermore, a stockholder’s
investment may be adversely affected to the extent we pay the costs of settlement and damage awards against our officers and directors
pursuant to these indemnification provisions. If, after we distribute the proceeds in the trust account
to our public stockholders, we file a bankruptcy petition or an involuntary bankruptcy petition is filed against us that is not
dismissed, a bankruptcy court may seek to recover such proceeds, and we and our board may be exposed to claims of punitive damages. If, after we distribute the proceeds in
the trust account to our public stockholders, we file a bankruptcy petition or an involuntary bankruptcy petition is filed against
us that is not dismissed, any distributions received by stockholders could be viewed under applicable debtor/creditor and/or bankruptcy
laws as either a “preferential transfer” or a “fraudulent conveyance.” As a result, a bankruptcy court
could seek to recover all amounts received by our stockholders. In addition, our board of directors may be viewed as having breached
its fiduciary duty to our creditors and/or having acted in bad faith, thereby exposing itself and us to claims of punitive damages,
by paying public stockholders from the trust account prior to addressing the claims of creditors. If, before distributing the proceeds in the trust account
to our public stockholders, we file a bankruptcy petition or an involuntary bankruptcy petition is filed against us that is not
dismissed, the claims of creditors in such proceeding may have priority over the claims of our stockholders and the per-share
amount that would otherwise be received by our stockholders in connection with our liquidation may be reduced. If, before distributing the proceeds in
the trust account to our public stockholders, we file a bankruptcy petition or an involuntary bankruptcy petition is filed against
us that is not dismissed, the proceeds held in the trust account could be subject to applicable bankruptcy law, and may be included
in our bankruptcy estate and subject to the claims of third parties with priority over the claims of our stockholders. To the
extent any bankruptcy claims deplete the trust account, the per-share amount that would otherwise be received by our stockholders
in connection with our liquidation may be reduced. 30 If we are deemed to be an investment company under the Investment
Company Act, we may be required to institute burdensome compliance requirements and our activities may be restricted, which may
make it difficult for us to complete our initial business combination. If we are deemed to be an investment company
under the Investment Company Act, our activities may be restricted, including: ● | restrictions on the nature of our investments; and ● | restrictions on the issuance of securities, each of which may make it difficult for us to complete our initial business combination. In addition, we may have
imposed upon us burdensome requirements, including: ● | registration as an investment company; ● | adoption of a specific form of corporate structure; and ● | reporting, record keeping, voting, proxy and disclosure requirements and other rules and regulations. In order not to be regulated as an investment
company under the Investment Company Act, unless we can qualify for an exclusion, we must ensure that we are engaged primarily
in a business other than investing, reinvesting or trading in securities and that our activities do not include investing, reinvesting,
owning, holding or trading “investment securities” constituting more than 40% of our total assets (exclusive of U.S.
government securities and cash items) on an unconsolidated basis. Our business will be to identify and complete an initial business
combination and thereafter to operate the post-transaction business or assets for the long term. We do not plan to buy businesses
or assets with a view to resale or profit from their resale. We do not plan to buy unrelated businesses or assets or to be a passive
investor. We do not believe that our principal activities
subject us to the Investment Company Act. To this end, the proceeds held in the trust account may only be invested in United States
“government securities” within the meaning of Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment Company Act having a maturity of
180 days or less or in money market funds meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 promulgated under the Investment Company
Act which invest only in direct U.S. government treasury obligations. Pursuant to the trust agreement, the trustee is not permitted
to invest in other securities or assets. By restricting the investment of the proceeds to these instruments, and by having a business
plan targeted at acquiring and growing businesses for the long term (rather than on buying and selling businesses in the manner
of a merchant bank or private equity fund), we intend to avoid being deemed an “investment company” within the meaning
of the Investment Company Act. The trust account is intended as a holding place for funds pending the earliest to occur of: (i)
the completion of our initial business combination; (ii) the redemption of any public shares properly submitted in connection
with a stockholder vote to amend our amended and restated certificate of incorporation (A) to modify the substance or timing of
our obligation to redeem 100% of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination by September 5, 2020
or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to stockholders’ rights or pre-initial business combination activity;
or (iii) absent an initial business combination by September 5, 2020, our return of the funds held in the trust account to our
public stockholders as part of our redemption of the public shares. If we do not invest the proceeds as discussed above, we may
be deemed to be subject to the Investment Company Act. If we were deemed to be subject to the Investment Company Act, compliance
with these additional regulatory burdens would require additional expenses for which we have not allotted funds and may hinder
our ability to complete an initial business combination or may result in our liquidation. If we are unable to complete our initial
business combination, our public stockholders may receive only approximately $10.10 per share on the liquidation of our trust
account and our warrants will expire worthless. Changes in laws or regulations, or a failure to comply with
any laws and regulations, may adversely affect our business, including our ability to negotiate and complete our initial business
combination and results of operations. We are subject to laws and regulations
enacted by national, regional and local governments. In particular, we are required to comply with certain SEC and other legal
requirements. Compliance with, and monitoring of, applicable laws and regulations may be difficult, time consuming and costly. 31 Those laws and regulations and their interpretation
and application may also change from time to time and those changes could have a material adverse effect on our business, investments
and results of operations. In addition, a failure to comply with applicable laws or regulations, as interpreted and applied, could
have a material adverse effect on our business, including our ability to negotiate and complete our initial business combination
and results of operations. Our stockholders may be held liable for claims by third
parties against us to the extent of distributions received by them upon redemption of their shares. Under the DGCL, stockholders may be held
liable for claims by third parties against a corporation to the extent of distributions received by them in a dissolution. The
pro rata portion of our trust account distributed to our public stockholders upon the redemption of our public shares in the event
we do not complete our initial business combination by September 5, 2020 may be considered a liquidating distribution under Delaware
law. If a corporation complies with certain procedures set forth in Section 280 of the DGCL intended to ensure that it makes reasonable
provision for all claims against it, including a 60-day notice period during which any third-party claims can be brought
against the corporation, a 90-day period during which the corporation may reject any claims brought, and an additional 150-day waiting
period before any liquidating distributions are made to stockholders, any liability of stockholders with respect to a liquidating
distribution is limited to the lesser of such stockholder’s pro rata share of the claim or the amount distributed to the
stockholder, and any liability of the stockholder would be barred after the third anniversary of the dissolution. However, it
is our intention to redeem our public shares as soon as reasonably possible following September 5, 2020 in the event we do not
complete our initial business combination and, therefore, we do not intend to comply with the foregoing procedures. Because we will not be complying with Section
280, Section 281(b) of the DGCL requires us to adopt a plan, based on facts known to us at such time that will provide for our
payment of all existing and pending claims or claims that may be potentially brought against us within the 10 years following
our dissolution. However, because we are a blank check company, rather than an operating company, and our operations will be limited
to searching for prospective target businesses to acquire, the only likely claims to arise would be from our vendors (such as
lawyers, investment bankers, etc.) or prospective target businesses. If our plan of distribution complies with Section 281(b)
of the DGCL, any liability of stockholders with respect to a liquidating distribution is limited to the lesser of such stockholder’s
pro rata share of the claim or the amount distributed to the stockholder, and any liability of the stockholder would likely be
barred after the third anniversary of the dissolution. We cannot assure you that we will properly assess all claims that may be
potentially brought against us. As such, our stockholders could potentially be liable for any claims to the extent of distributions
received by them (but no more) and any liability of our stockholders may extend beyond the third anniversary of such date. Furthermore,
if the pro rata portion of our trust account distributed to our public stockholders upon the redemption of our public shares in
the event we do not complete our initial business combination by September 5, 2020 is not considered a liquidating distribution
under Delaware law and such redemption distribution is deemed to be unlawful (potentially due to the imposition of legal proceedings
that a party may bring or due to other circumstances that are currently unknown), then pursuant to Section 174 of the DGCL, the
statute of limitations for claims of creditors could then be six years after the unlawful redemption distribution, instead of
three years, as in the case of a liquidating distribution. We may not hold an annual meeting of stockholders until
after the consummation of our initial business combination, which could delay the opportunity for our stockholders to elect directors. In accordance with Nasdaq corporate governance
requirements, we are not required to hold an annual meeting until no later than one year after our first fiscal year end following
our listing on Nasdaq. Under Section 211(b) of the DGCL, we are, however, required to hold an annual meeting of stockholders for
the purposes of electing directors in accordance with our bylaws unless such election is made by written consent in lieu of such
a meeting. We may not hold an annual meeting of stockholders to elect new directors prior to the consummation of our initial business
combination, and thus we may not be in compliance with Section 211(b) of the DGCL, which requires an annual meeting. Therefore,
if our stockholders want us to hold an annual meeting prior to the consummation of our initial business combination, they may
attempt to force us to hold one by submitting an application to the Delaware Court of Chancery in accordance with Section 211(c)
of the DGCL. 32 We have not registered the shares of Class A common stock
issuable upon exercise of the warrants under the Securities Act or any state securities laws at this time, and such registration
may not be in place when an investor desires to exercise warrants, thus precluding such investor from being able to exercise its
warrants except on a cashless basis. If the issuance of the shares upon exercise of warrants is not registered, qualified or exempt
from registration or qualification, the holder of such warrant will not be entitled to exercise such warrant and such warrant
may have no value and expire worthless. We have not registered the shares of Class
A common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants issued in our initial public offering under the Securities Act or any state
securities laws at this time. However, under the terms of the warrant agreement, we have agreed that as soon as practicable, but
in no event later than 15 business days after the closing of our initial business combination, we will use our best efforts to
file with the SEC a registration statement for the registration under the Securities Act of the shares of Class A common stock
issuable upon exercise of the warrants and thereafter will use our best efforts to cause the same to become effective within 60
business days following our initial business combination and to maintain a current prospectus relating to the Class A common stock
issuable upon exercise of the warrants, until the expiration of the warrants in accordance with the provisions of the warrant
agreement. We cannot assure you that we will be able to do so if, for example, any facts or events arise which represent a fundamental
change in the information set forth in the registration statement or prospectus, the financial statements contained or incorporated
by reference therein are not current or correct or the SEC issues a stop order. If the shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants
issued in our initial public offering are not registered under the Securities Act, we will be required to permit holders to exercise
their warrants on a cashless basis. However, no warrant will be exercisable for cash or on a cashless basis, and we will not be
obligated to issue any shares to holders seeking to exercise their warrants, unless the issuance of the shares upon such exercise
is registered or qualified under the securities laws of the state of the exercising holder, or an exemption from registration
is available. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if a registration statement covering the Class A common stock issuable upon exercise
of the warrants is not effective within a specified period following the consummation of our initial business combination, warrant
holders may, until such time as there is an effective registration statement and during any period when we shall have failed to
maintain an effective registration statement, exercise warrants on a cashless basis pursuant to the exemption provided by Section
3(a)(9) of the Securities Act, provided that such exemption is available. If that exemption, or another exemption, is not available,
holders will not be able to exercise their warrants on a cashless basis. In no event will we be required to net cash settle any
warrant, or issue securities or other compensation in exchange for the warrants in the event that we are unable to register or
qualify the shares underlying the warrants issued in our initial public offering under applicable state securities laws and there
is no exemption available. If the issuance of the shares upon exercise of the warrants is not so registered or qualified or exempt
from registration or qualification, the holder of such warrant will not be entitled to exercise such warrant and such warrant
may have no value and expire worthless. In such event, holders who acquired their warrants as part of a purchase of units will
have paid the full unit purchase price solely for the shares of Class A common stock included in the units. If and when the warrants
become redeemable by us, we may not exercise our redemption right if the issuance of shares of common stock upon exercise of the
warrants is not exempt from registration or qualification under applicable state blue sky laws or we are unable to effect such
registration or qualification. We will use our best efforts to register or qualify such shares of common stock under the blue
sky laws of the state of residence in those states in which the warrants were offered by us in our initial public offering. However,
there may be instances in which holders of our public warrants may be unable to exercise such public warrants but holders of our
private warrants may be able to exercise such private warrants. If you exercise your public warrants on a “cashless
basis,” you will receive fewer shares of Class A common stock from such exercise than if you were to exercise such warrants
for cash. There are circumstances in which the exercise
of the public warrants may be required or permitted to be made on a cashless basis. First, if a registration statement covering
the shares of Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants is not effective by the 60 th business
day after the closing of our initial business combination, warrantholders may, until such time as there is an effective registration
statement, exercise warrants on a cashless basis in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act or another exemption.
Second, if a registration statement covering the Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants is not effective
within a specified period following the consummation of our initial business combination, warrant holders may, until such time
as there is an effective registration statement and during any period when we shall have failed to maintain an effective registration
statement, exercise warrants on a cashless basis pursuant to the exemption provided by Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities
Act, provided that such exemption is available; if that exemption, or another exemption, is not available, holders will not be
able to exercise their warrants on a cashless basis. Third, if we call the public warrants for redemption, our management will
have the option to require all holders that wish to exercise warrants to do so on a cashless basis. In the event of an exercise
on a cashless basis, a holder would pay the warrant exercise price by surrendering the warrants for that number of shares of Class
A common stock equal to the quotient obtained by dividing (x) the product of the number of shares of Class A common stock underlying
the warrants, multiplied by the difference between the exercise price of the warrants and the “fair market value”
(as defined in the next sentence) by (y) the fair market value. The “fair market value” is the average last reported
sale price of the Class A common stock for the 10 trading days ending on the third trading day prior to the date on which the
notice of exercise is received by the warrant agent or on which the notice of redemption is sent to the holders of warrants, as
applicable. As a result, you would receive fewer shares of Class A common stock from such exercise than if you were to exercise
such warrants for cash. 33 The grant of registration rights to our initial stockholders
may make it more difficult to complete our initial business combination, and the future exercise of such rights may adversely
affect the market price of our Class A common stock. Pursuant to an agreement entered into concurrently
with our initial public offering, our initial stockholders and their permitted transferees can demand that we register the private
placement warrants, the shares of Class A common stock issuable upon conversion of the founder shares and exercise of the private
placement warrants and the securities issuable pursuant to the forward purchase agreement held, or to be held, by them and holders
of warrants that may be issued upon conversion of working capital loans may demand that we register such warrants or the Class
A common stock issuable upon exercise of such warrants. We will bear the cost of registering these securities. The registration
and availability of such a significant number of securities for trading in the public market may have an adverse effect on the
market price of our Class A common stock. In addition, the existence of the registration rights may make our initial business
combination more costly or difficult to conclude. This is because the stockholders of the target business may increase the equity
stake they seek in the combined entity or ask for more cash consideration to offset the negative impact on the market price of
our Class A common stock that is expected when the securities owned by our initial stockholders or holders of working capital
loans or their respective permitted transferees are registered. Because we are neither limited to evaluating a target business
in a particular industry sector nor have we selected any specific target businesses with which to pursue our initial business
combination, you will be unable to ascertain the merits or risks of any particular target business’s operations. We seek to complete a business combination
with an operating company in the industrial manufacturing, distribution or services sector in the United States (which may include
a company based in the United States which has operations or opportunities outside the United States), but may also pursue acquisition
opportunities in other industries, except that we are not, under our amended and restated certificate of incorporation, permitted
to effectuate our initial business combination with another blank check company or similar company with nominal operations. Because
we have not yet selected any specific target business with respect to a business combination, there is no basis to evaluate the
possible merits or risks of any particular target business’s operations, results of operations, cash flows, liquidity, financial
condition or prospects. To the extent we complete our initial business combination, we may be affected by numerous risks inherent
in the business operations with which we combine. For example, if we combine with a financially unstable business or an entity
lacking an established record of sales or earnings, we may be affected by the risks inherent in the business and operations of
a financially unstable or a development stage entity. Although our officers and directors will endeavor to evaluate the risks
inherent in a particular target business, we cannot assure you that we will properly ascertain or assess all of the significant
risk factors or that we will have adequate time to complete due diligence. Furthermore, some of these risks may be outside of
our control and leave us with no ability to control or reduce the chances that those risks will adversely impact a target business.
We also cannot assure you that an investment in our securities will ultimately prove to be more favorable to investors than a
direct investment, if such opportunity were available, in a business combination target. Accordingly, any stockholders who choose
to remain stockholders following our initial business combination could suffer a reduction in the value of their securities. Such
stockholders are unlikely to have a remedy for such reduction in value unless they are able to successfully claim that the reduction
was due to the breach by our officers or directors of a duty of care or other fiduciary duty owed to them, or if they are able
to successfully bring a private claim under securities laws that the proxy solicitation or tender offer materials, as applicable,
relating to the business combination contained an actionable material misstatement or material omission. 34 Past performance by members of our management team may not
be indicative of future performance of an investment in the Company. Past performance by members of our management
team is not a guarantee either (i) of success with respect to any business combination we may consummate or (ii) that we will
be able to locate a suitable candidate for our initial business combination. You should not rely on the historical record of members
of our management team’s performance as indicative of our future performance of an investment in the company or the returns
the company will, or is likely to, generate going forward. We may seek business combination opportunities in industries
or sectors which may or may not be outside of our management’s area of expertise. Although we intend to focus on identifying
companies in the industrial manufacturing, distribution or services sector in the United States, we will consider an initial business
combination outside of our management’s area of expertise if an initial business combination candidate is presented to us
and we determine that such candidate offers an attractive business combination opportunity for our company or we are unable to
identify a suitable candidate in this sector after having expanded a reasonable amount of time and effort in an attempt to do
so. Although our management will endeavor to evaluate the risks inherent in any particular business combination candidate, we
cannot assure you that we will adequately ascertain or assess all of the significant risk factors. We also cannot assure you that
an investment in our securities will not ultimately prove to be less favorable to investors than a direct investment, if an opportunity
were available, in an initial business combination candidate. In the event we elect to pursue a business combination outside of
the areas of our management’s expertise, our management’s expertise may not be directly applicable to its evaluation
or operation, and the information contained herein regarding the areas of our management’s expertise would not be relevant
to an understanding of the business that we elect to acquire. As a result, our management may not be able to adequately ascertain
or assess all of the significant risk factors. Accordingly, any stockholders who choose to remain stockholders following our initial
business combination could suffer a reduction in the value of their shares. Such stockholders are unlikely to have a remedy for
such reduction in value. Although we have identified general criteria and guidelines
that we believe are important in evaluating prospective target businesses, we may enter into our initial business combination
with a target that does not meet such criteria and guidelines, and as a result, the target business with which we enter into our
initial business combination may not have attributes entirely consistent with our general criteria and guidelines. Although we have identified general criteria
and guidelines for evaluating prospective target businesses, it is possible that a target business with which we enter into our
initial business combination will not have all of these positive attributes. If we complete our initial business combination with
a target that does not meet some or all of these guidelines, such combination may not be as successful as a combination with a
business that does meet all of our general criteria and guidelines. In addition, if we announce a prospective business combination
with a target that does not meet our general criteria and guidelines, a greater number of stockholders may exercise their redemption
rights, which may make it difficult for us to meet any closing condition with a target business that requires us to have a minimum
net worth or a certain amount of cash. In addition, if stockholder approval of the transaction is required by law, or we decide
to obtain stockholder approval for business or other legal reasons, it may be more difficult for us to attain stockholder approval
of our initial business combination if the target business does not meet our general criteria and guidelines. If we are unable
to complete our initial business combination, our public stockholders may receive only approximately $10.10 per share on the liquidation
of our trust account and our warrants will expire worthless. In certain circumstances, our public stockholders may receive less
than $10.10 per share on the redemption of their shares. We may seek business combination opportunities with a financially
unstable business or an entity lacking an established record of revenue, cash flow or earnings, which could subject us to volatile
revenues, cash flows or earnings or difficulty in retaining key personnel. To the extent we complete our initial business
combination with a financially unstable business or an entity lacking an established record of revenues or earnings, we may be
affected by numerous risks inherent in the operations of the business with which we combine. These risks include volatile revenues
or earnings and difficulties in obtaining and retaining key personnel. Although our officers and directors will endeavor to evaluate
the risks inherent in a particular target business, we may not be able to properly ascertain or assess all of the significant
risk factors and we may not have adequate time to complete due diligence. Furthermore, some of these risks may be outside of our
control and leave us with no ability to control or reduce the chances that those risks will adversely impact a target business. 35 We are not required to obtain an opinion from an independent
investment banking firm or from an independent accounting firm, and consequently, you may have no assurance from an independent
source that the price we are paying for the business is fair to our company from a financial point of view. Unless we complete our initial business
combination with an affiliated entity or our board cannot independently determine the fair market value of the target business
or businesses, we are not required to obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm that is a member of FINRA
or from an independent accounting firm that the price we are paying is fair to our company from a financial point of view. If
no opinion is obtained, our stockholders will be relying on the judgment of our board of directors, who will determine fair market
value based on standards generally accepted by the financial community. Such standards used will be disclosed in our proxy materials
or tender offer documents, as applicable, related to our initial business combination. We may issue additional common stock or preferred stock
to complete our initial business combination or under an employee incentive plan after completion of our initial business combination.
We may also issue shares of Class A common stock upon the conversion of the Class B common stock at a ratio greater than one-to-one
at the time of our initial business combination as a result of the anti-dilution provisions contained in our amended and restated
certificate of incorporation. Any such issuances would dilute the interest of our stockholders and likely present other risks. Our amended and restated certificate of
incorporation authorizes the issuance of up to 100,000,000 shares of Class A common stock, par value $0.0001 per share, 10,000,000 shares
of Class B common stock, par value $0.0001 per share, and 1,000,000 shares of preferred stock, par value $0.0001 per share.
There are currently 33,892,250 and 2,496,250 authorized but unissued shares of Class A common stock and Class B common stock,
respectively, available for issuance, which amount takes into account the shares of Class A common stock reserved for issuance
upon exercise of outstanding warrants but not the shares of Class A common stock issuable upon conversion of Class B common stock.
There are currently no shares of preferred stock issued and outstanding. Shares of Class B common stock are convertible into shares
of our Class A common stock initially at a one-for-one ratio but subject to adjustment as set forth herein, including
in certain circumstances in which we issue Class A common stock or equity-linked securities related to our initial business
combination. These amounts exclude the issuance of forward purchase shares issuable pursuant to our forward purchase agreement
with Nomura at the time of the initial business combination. We may issue a substantial number of additional
shares of common or preferred stock to complete our initial business combination (including pursuant to our forward purchase agreement
with Nomura) or under an employee incentive plan after completion of our initial business combination (although our amended and
restated certificate of incorporation provides that we may not issue securities that can vote with common stockholders on matters
related to our pre-initial business combination activity). We may also issue shares of Class A common stock upon conversion
of the Class B common stock at a ratio greater than one-to-one at the time of our initial business combination as a result
of the anti-dilution provisions contained in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation. However, our amended
and restated certificate of incorporation provides, among other things, that prior to our initial business combination, we may
not issue additional shares of capital stock that would entitle the holders thereof to (i) receive funds from the trust account
or (ii) vote on any initial business combination. These provisions of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation, like
all provisions of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation, may be amended with the approval of our stockholders.
However, our executive officers and directors have agreed, pursuant to a written agreement with us, that they will not propose
any amendment to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation (A) to modify the substance or timing of our obligation
to redeem 100% of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination by September 5, 2020 or (B) with respect
to any other provision relating to stockholders’ rights or pre-initial business combination activity, unless we provide
our public stockholders with the opportunity to redeem their shares of common stock upon approval of any such amendment at a per-share price,
payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest (which interest shall
be net of taxes payable), divided by the number of then outstanding public shares. 36 The issuance of additional shares of common
or preferred stock: ● | may significantly dilute the equity interest of investors; ● | may subordinate the rights of holders of common stock if preferred stock is issued with rights senior to those afforded our common stock; ● | could cause a change of control if a substantial number of shares of our common stock are issued, which may affect, among other things, our ability to use our net operating loss carry forwards, if any, and could result in the resignation or removal of our present officers and directors; and ● | may adversely affect prevailing market prices for our units, Class A common stock and/or warrants. Resources could be wasted in researching business combinations
that are not completed, which could materially adversely affect subsequent attempts to locate and acquire or merge with another
business. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination, our public stockholders may receive only approximately
$10.10 per share, or less than such amount in certain circumstances, on the liquidation of our trust account and our warrants
will expire worthless. We anticipate that the investigation of
each specific target business and the negotiation, drafting and execution of relevant agreements, disclosure documents and other
instruments will require substantial management time and attention and substantial costs for accountants, attorneys, consultants
and others. If we decide not to complete a specific initial business combination, the costs incurred up to that point for the
proposed transaction likely would not be recoverable. Furthermore, if we reach an agreement relating to a specific target business,
we may fail to complete our initial business combination for any number of reasons including those beyond our control. Any such
event will result in a loss to us of the related costs incurred which could materially adversely affect subsequent attempts to
locate and acquire or merge with another business. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination, our public stockholders
may receive only approximately $10.10 per share on the liquidation of our trust account and our warrants will expire worthless.
In certain circumstances, our public stockholders may receive less than $10.10 per share on the redemption of their shares. Our ability to successfully effect our initial business
combination and to be successful thereafter will be totally dependent upon the efforts of our key personnel, some of whom may
join us following our initial business combination. The loss of key personnel could negatively impact the operations and profitability
of our post-combination business. Our ability to successfully effect our
initial business combination is dependent upon the efforts of our key personnel. The role of our key personnel in the target business,
however, cannot presently be ascertained. Although some of our key personnel may remain with the target business in senior management
or advisory positions following our initial business combination, it is likely that some or all of the management of the target
business will remain in place. While we intend to closely scrutinize any individuals we employ after our initial business combination,
we cannot assure you that our assessment of these individuals will prove to be correct. These individuals may be unfamiliar with
the requirements of operating a company regulated by the SEC, which could cause us to have to expend time and resources helping
them become familiar with such requirements. In addition, the officers and directors
of an initial business combination candidate may resign upon completion of our initial business combination. The departure of
an initial business combination target’s key personnel could negatively impact the operations and profitability of our post-combination business.
The role of an initial business combination candidate’s key personnel upon the completion of our initial business combination
cannot be ascertained at this time. Although we contemplate that certain members of an initial business combination candidate’s
management team will remain associated with the initial business combination candidate following our initial business combination,
it is possible that members of the management of an initial business combination candidate will not wish to remain in place. The
loss of key personnel could negatively impact the operations and profitability of our post-combination business. 37 We are dependent upon our executive officers and directors
and their departure could adversely affect our ability to operate. Our operations are dependent upon a relatively
small group of individuals and, in particular, our executive officers and directors. We believe that our success depends on the
continued service of our executive officers and directors, at least until we have completed our initial business combination.
We do not have an employment agreement with, or key-man insurance on the life of, any of our directors or executive officers.
The unexpected loss of the services of one or more of our directors or executive officers could have a detrimental effect on us. Our key personnel may negotiate employment or consulting
agreements with a target business in connection with a particular business combination. These agreements may provide for them
to receive compensation following our initial business combination and as a result, may cause them to have conflicts of interest
in determining whether a particular business combination is the most advantageous. Our key personnel may be able to remain
with the company after the completion of our initial business combination only if they are able to negotiate employment or consulting
agreements in connection with the initial business combination. Such negotiations would take place simultaneously with the negotiation
of the initial business combination and could provide for such individuals to receive compensation in the form of cash payments
and/or our securities for services they would render to us after the completion of the initial business combination. The personal
and financial interests of such individuals may influence their motivation in identifying and selecting a target business. However,
we believe the ability of such individuals to remain with us after the completion of our initial business combination will not
be the determining factor in our decision as to whether or not we will proceed with any potential business combination. There
is no certainty, however, that any of our key personnel will remain with us after the completion of our initial business combination.
We cannot assure you that any of our key personnel will remain in senior management or advisory positions with us. The determination
as to whether any of our key personnel will remain with us will be made at the time of our initial business combination. We may have a limited ability to assess the management of
a prospective target business and, as a result, may effect our initial business combination with a target business whose management
may not have the skills, qualifications or abilities to manage a public company, which could, in turn, negatively impact the value
of our stockholders’ investment in us. When evaluating the desirability of effecting
our initial business combination with a prospective target business, our ability to assess the target business’s management
may be limited due to a lack of time, resources or information. Our assessment of the capabilities of the target’s management,
therefore, may prove to be incorrect and such management may lack the skills, qualifications or abilities we suspected. Should
the target’s management not possess the skills, qualifications or abilities necessary to manage a public company, the operations
and profitability of the post-combination business may be negatively impacted. Accordingly, any stockholders who choose to
remain stockholders following the initial business combination could suffer a reduction in the value of their shares. Such stockholders
are unlikely to have a remedy for such reduction in value. Our officers and directors allocate their time to other
businesses thereby causing conflicts of interest in their determination as to how much time to devote to our affairs. This conflict
of interest could have a negative impact on our ability to complete our initial business combination. Our officers and directors are not required
to, and do not, commit their full time to our affairs, which may result in a conflict of interest in allocating their time between
our operations and our search for an initial business combination and their other businesses. We do not intend to have any full-time employees
prior to the completion of our initial business combination. Each of our officers is engaged in other business endeavors for which
he may be entitled to substantial compensation and our officers are not obligated to contribute any specific number of hours per
week to our affairs. Our independent directors may also serve as officers or board members for other entities. If our officers’
and directors’ other business affairs require them to devote substantial amounts of time to such affairs in excess of their
current commitment levels, it could limit their ability to devote time to our affairs which may have a negative impact on our
ability to complete our initial business combination. 38 Certain of our officers and directors are now, and all of
them may in the future become, affiliated with entities engaged in business activities similar to those intended to be conducted
by us and, accordingly, may have conflicts of interest in allocating their time and determining to which entity a particular business
opportunity should be presented. Until we consummate our initial business
combination, we will continue to engage in the business of identifying and combining with one or more businesses. Our sponsor
and officers and directors are, and may in the future become, affiliated with entities (such as operating companies or investment
vehicles) that are engaged in a similar business, although they may not participate in the formation of, or become an officer
or director of, any other special purpose acquisition companies with a class of securities registered under the Exchange Act until
we have entered into a definitive agreement regarding our initial business combination or we have failed to complete our initial
business combination by September 5, 2020. Our officers and directors also may become
aware of business opportunities which may be appropriate for presentation to us and the other entities to which they owe certain
fiduciary or contractual duties. Accordingly, they may have conflicts of
interest in determining to which entity a particular business opportunity should be presented. These conflicts may not be resolved
in our favor and a potential target business may be presented to another entity prior to its presentation to us. Our amended and
restated certificate of incorporation provides that we renounce our interest in any corporate opportunity offered to any director
or officer unless such opportunity is expressly offered to such person solely in his or her capacity as a director or officer
of our company and such opportunity is one we are legally and contractually permitted to undertake and would otherwise be reasonable
for us to pursue, and to the extent the director or officer is permitted to refer that opportunity to us without violating another
legal obligation. Our officers, directors, security holders and their respective
affiliates may have competitive pecuniary interests that conflict with our interests. We have not adopted a policy that expressly
prohibits our directors, officers, security holders or affiliates from having a direct or indirect pecuniary or financial interest
in any investment to be acquired or disposed of by us or in any transaction to which we are a party or have an interest. In fact,
we may enter into an initial business combination with a target business that is affiliated with our sponsor, our directors or
officers, although we do not intend to do so. We do not have a policy that expressly prohibits any such persons from engaging
for their own account in business activities of the types conducted by us. Accordingly, such persons or entities may have a conflict
between their interests and ours. We may engage in an initial business combination with one
or more target businesses that have relationships with entities that may be affiliated with our sponsor, officers, directors or
existing holders which may raise potential conflicts of interest. In light of the involvement of our sponsor,
officers and directors with other entities, we may decide to acquire one or more businesses affiliated with our sponsor, officers
or directors. Our directors also serve as officers and board members for other entities. Such entities may compete with us for
business combination opportunities. Although we will not be specifically focusing on, or targeting, any transactions with any
affiliated entities, we would pursue such a transaction if we determined that such affiliated entity met our criteria for an initial
business combination. Despite our agreement to obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm that is a member
of FINRA or from an independent accounting firm, regarding the fairness to our stockholders from a financial point of view of
an initial business combination with one or more domestic or international businesses affiliated with our officers, directors
or existing holders, potential conflicts of interest still may exist and, as a result, the terms of the initial business combination
may not be as advantageous to our public stockholders as they would be absent any conflicts of interest. Since our sponsor, officers and directors will lose their
entire investment in us if our initial business combination is not completed, a conflict of interest may arise in determining
whether a particular business combination target is appropriate for our initial business combination. In August 2018, our sponsor purchased an
aggregate of 7,187,500 founder shares for an aggregate purchase price of $25,000, or approximately $0.003 per share. In October
2018, our sponsor transferred 75,000 founder shares to each of Messrs. Bell, Burns, Mas, McClain, O’Neil and Shea, our independent
directors, 300,000 to Mr. Petruska, our Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Secretary, and 225,000 to Mr. Ethridge,
our President and Chief Operating Officer. In January 2019, our sponsor forfeited 871,930 founder shares and our anchor investor
purchased 871,930 founder shares for an aggregate purchase price of approximately $3,000, or approximately $0.003 per share. On
February 28, 2019, we effected a stock dividend for approximately 0.05 share for our shares of Class B common stock,
resulting in our initial stockholders holding an aggregate of 7,503,750 founder shares. Our officers and directors retransferred
an aggregate of 48,823 shares to our sponsor following the stock dividend and our anchor investor waived its right to the
stock dividend. The founder shares will be worthless if we do not complete an initial business combination. In addition, our sponsor
and anchor investor purchased an aggregate of 13,581,500 private placement warrants, each exercisable for one share of our Class
A common stock at $11.50 per share, for a purchase price of $13,581,500, or $1.00 per warrant, that will also be worthless if
we do not complete an initial business combination. Among the private placement warrants, 11,739,394 warrants were purchased by
our sponsor and 1,842,106 warrants were purchased by our anchor investor. Holders of founder shares have agreed (A) to vote any
shares owned by them in favor of any proposed initial business combination (other than in the case of the anchor investor) and
(B) not to redeem any founder shares in connection with a stockholder vote to approve a proposed initial business combination.
In addition, we may obtain loans from our sponsor, affiliates of our sponsor or an officer or director. The personal and financial
interests of our officers and directors may influence their motivation in identifying and selecting a target business combination,
completing an initial business combination and influencing the operation of the business following the initial business combination. 39 We may issue notes or other debt securities, or otherwise
incur substantial debt, to complete an initial business combination, which may adversely affect our leverage and financial condition
and thus negatively impact the value of our stockholders’ investment in us. Although we have no commitments as of the
date of this Report to issue any notes or other debt securities, or to otherwise incur outstanding debt, we may choose to incur
substantial debt to complete our initial business combination. We have agreed that we will not incur any indebtedness unless we
have obtained from the lender a waiver of any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to the monies held in the trust
account. As such, no issuance of debt will affect the per-share amount available for redemption from the trust account. Nevertheless,
the incurrence of debt could have a variety of negative effects, including: ● | default and foreclosure on our assets if our operating revenues after an initial business combination are insufficient to repay our debt obligations; ● | acceleration of our obligations to repay the indebtedness even if we make all principal and interest payments when due if we breach certain covenants that require the maintenance of certain financial ratios or reserves without a waiver or renegotiation of that covenant; ● | our immediate payment of all principal and accrued interest, if any, if the debt security is payable on demand; ● | our inability to obtain necessary additional financing if the debt security contains covenants restricting our ability to obtain such financing while the debt security is outstanding; ● | our inability to pay dividends on our common stock; ● | using a substantial portion of our cash flow to pay principal and interest on our debt, which will reduce the funds available for dividends on our common stock if declared, our ability to pay expenses, make capital expenditures and acquisitions, and fund other general corporate purposes; ● | limitations on our flexibility in planning for and reacting to changes in our business and in the industry in which we operate; ● | increased vulnerability to adverse changes in general economic, industry and competitive conditions and adverse changes in government regulation; ● | limitations on our ability to borrow additional amounts for expenses, capital expenditures, acquisitions, debt service requirements, and execution of our strategy; and ● | other disadvantages compared to our competitors who have less debt. 40 We may only be able to complete one business combination
with the proceeds of our initial public offering, the sale of the private placement warrants and the proceeds from the forward
purchase agreement received by us, which will cause us to be solely dependent on a single business which may have a limited number
of services and limited operating activities. This lack of diversification may negatively impact our operating results and profitability. Of the net proceeds from our initial public
offering and the sale of the private placement warrants, $303,151,500 is available to complete our initial business combination
and pay related fees and expenses (which includes $10,179,000 for the payment of deferred underwriting commissions). In addition,
Nomura has entered into a forward purchase agreement with us, which provides for the purchase by Nomura of our public shares for
an aggregate purchase price of $125 million through, other than as described below, open market purchases or privately negotiated
transactions with one or more third parties. In lieu of purchasing an aggregate of $125 million of public shares in the open
market or privately negotiated transactions, up to $75 million (which amount will be reduced by the aggregate amount of commitments
by third parties to purchase our securities, if any, in private placements to occur concurrently with the closing of our initial
business combination) of such aggregate purchase price may instead be in the form of an investment in our equity securities on
terms to be mutually agreed between Nomura and us, to occur concurrently with the closing of our initial business combination.
We may effectuate our initial business combination with a single target business or multiple target businesses simultaneously
or within a short period of time. However, we may not be able to effectuate our initial business combination with more than one
target business because of various factors, including the existence of complex accounting issues and the requirement that we prepare
and file pro forma financial statements with the SEC that present operating results and the financial condition of several target
businesses as if they had been operated on a combined basis. By completing our initial business combination with only a single
entity, our lack of diversification may subject us to numerous economic, competitive and regulatory developments. Further, we
would not be able to diversify our operations or benefit from the possible spreading of risks or offsetting of losses, unlike
other entities which may have the resources to complete several business combinations in different industries or different areas
of a single industry. In addition, we intend to focus our search for an initial business combination in a single industry. Accordingly, the prospects for our success
may be: ● | solely dependent upon the performance of a single business, property or asset, or ● | dependent upon the development or market acceptance of a single or limited number of products, processes or services. This lack of diversification may subject
us to numerous economic, competitive and regulatory risks, any or all of which may have a substantial adverse impact upon the
particular industry in which we may operate subsequent to our initial business combination. We may attempt to simultaneously complete business combinations
with multiple prospective targets, which may hinder our ability to complete our initial business combination and give rise to
increased costs and risks that could negatively impact our operations and profitability. If we determine to simultaneously acquire
several businesses that are owned by different sellers, we will need for each of such sellers to agree that our purchase of its
business is contingent on the simultaneous closings of the other business combinations, which may make it more difficult for us,
and delay our ability, to complete our initial business combination. We do not, however, intend to purchase multiple businesses
in unrelated industries in conjunction with our initial business combination. With multiple business combinations, we could also
face additional risks, including additional burdens and costs with respect to possible multiple negotiations and due diligence
investigations (if there are multiple sellers) and the additional risks associated with the subsequent assimilation of the operations
and services or products of the acquired companies in a single operating business. If we are unable to adequately address these
risks, it could negatively impact our profitability and results of operations. We may attempt to complete our initial business combination
with a private company about which little information is available, which may result in an initial business combination with a
company that is not as profitable as we suspected, if at all. In pursuing our initial business combination
strategy, we may seek to effectuate our initial business combination with a privately held company. Very little public information
generally exists about private companies, and we could be required to make our decision on whether to pursue a potential initial
business combination on the basis of limited information, which may result in an initial business combination with a company that
is not as profitable as we suspected, if at all. 41 Our management may not be able to maintain control of a
target business after our initial business combination. We may structure an initial business combination
so that the post-transaction company in which our public stockholders own shares will own less than 100% of the equity interests
or assets of a target business, but we will only complete such business combination if the post-transaction company owns
or acquires 50% or more of the outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise acquires a controlling interest in the
target sufficient for us not to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act. We will not
consider any transaction that does not meet such criteria. Even if the post-transaction company owns 50% or more of the voting
securities of the target, our stockholders prior to the initial business combination may collectively own a minority interest
in the post business combination company, depending on valuations ascribed to the target and us in the initial business combination.
For example, we could pursue a transaction in which we issue a substantial number of new shares of Class A common stock in exchange
for all of the outstanding capital stock of a target. In this case, we would acquire a 100% interest in the target. However, as
a result of the issuance of a substantial number of new shares of common stock, our stockholders immediately prior to such transaction
could own less than a majority of our outstanding shares of common stock subsequent to such transaction. In addition, other minority
stockholders may subsequently combine their holdings resulting in a single person or group obtaining a larger share of the company’s
stock than we initially acquired. Accordingly, this may make it more likely that our management will not be able to maintain our
control of the target business. We cannot provide assurance that, upon loss of control of a target business, new management will
possess the skills, qualifications or abilities necessary to profitably operate such business. We do not have a specified maximum redemption threshold.
The absence of such a redemption threshold may make it possible for us to complete an initial business combination with which
a substantial majority of our stockholders do not agree. Our amended and restated certificate of
incorporation does not provide a specified maximum redemption threshold, except that in no event will we redeem our public shares
in an amount that would cause our net tangible assets to be less than $5,000,001 upon consummation of our initial business combination
and after payment of underwriters’ fees and commissions (such that we are not subject to the SEC’s “penny stock”
rules) or any greater net tangible asset or cash requirement which may be contained in the agreement relating to our initial business
combination. As a result, we may be able to complete our initial business combination even if a substantial majority of our public
stockholders do not agree with the transaction and have redeemed their shares or, if we seek stockholder approval of our initial
business combination and do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business combination pursuant to the tender
offer rules, have entered into privately negotiated agreements to sell their shares to our sponsor, officers, directors, advisors
or their affiliates. In the event the aggregate cash consideration we would be required to pay for all shares of Class A common
stock that are validly submitted for redemption plus any amount required to satisfy cash conditions pursuant to the terms of the
proposed initial business combination exceed the aggregate amount of cash available to us, we will not complete the initial business
combination or redeem any shares, all shares of Class A common stock submitted for redemption will be returned to the holders
thereof, and we instead may search for an alternate business combination. In order to effectuate an initial business combination,
blank check companies have, in the recent past, amended various provisions of their charters and other governing instruments,
including their warrant agreements. We cannot assure you that we will not seek to amend our amended and restated certificate of
incorporation or governing instruments in a manner that will make it easier for us to complete our initial business combination
that our stockholders may not support. In order to effectuate an initial business
combination, blank check companies have, in the recent past, amended various provisions of their charters and modified governing
instruments, including their warrant agreements. For example, blank check companies have amended the definition of business combination,
increased redemption thresholds and extended the time to consummate an initial business combination and, with respect to their
warrants, amended their warrant agreements to require the warrants to be exchanged for cash and/or other securities. Amending
our amended and restated certificate of incorporation requires the approval of holders of 65% of our common stock, and amending
our warrant agreement will require a vote of holders of at least 65% of the outstanding warrants. In addition, our amended and
restated certificate of incorporation requires us to provide our public stockholders with the opportunity to redeem their public
shares for cash if we propose an amendment to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation (A) to modify the substance
or timing of our obligation to redeem 100% of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination by September
5, 2020 of this offering or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to stockholders’ rights or pre-initial business
combination activity. To the extent any such amendments would be deemed to fundamentally change the nature of any securities offered
through this registration statement, we would register, or seek an exemption from registration for, the affected securities. We
cannot assure you that we will not seek to amend our charter or governing instruments or extend the time to consummate an initial
business combination in order to effectuate our initial business combination. 42 The provisions of our amended and restated certificate of
incorporation that relate to our pre-business combination activity (and corresponding provisions of the agreement governing the
release of funds from our trust account), including an amendment to permit us to withdraw funds from the trust account such that
the per share amount investors will receive upon any redemption or liquidation is substantially reduced or eliminated, may be
amended with the approval of holders of 65% of our common stock, which is a lower amendment threshold than that of some other
blank check companies. It may be easier for us, therefore, to amend our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and
the trust agreement to facilitate the completion of an initial business combination that some of our stockholders may not support. Our amended and restated certificate of
incorporation provides that any of its provisions related to pre-initial business combination activity (including the requirement
to deposit proceeds of our initial public offering and the private placement of warrants into the trust account and not release
such amounts except in specified circumstances, and to provide redemption rights to public stockholders as described herein and
including to permit us to withdraw funds from the trust account such that the per share amount investors will receive upon any
redemption or liquidation is substantially reduced or eliminated) may be amended if approved by holders of 65% of our common stock
entitled to vote thereon, and corresponding provisions of the trust agreement governing the release of funds from our trust account
may be amended if approved by holders of 65% of our common stock entitled to vote thereon. In all other instances, our amended
and restated certificate of incorporation may be amended by holders of a majority of our outstanding common stock entitled to
vote thereon, subject to applicable provisions of the DGCL or applicable stock exchange rules. We may not issue additional securities
that can vote on amendments to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation. Our sponsor, officers and directors, who
collectively beneficially own approximately 17.7% of our common stock, will participate in any vote to amend our amended and restated
certificate of incorporation and/or trust agreement and will have the discretion to vote in any manner they choose. As a result,
we may be able to amend the provisions of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation which govern our pre-initial business
combination behavior more easily than some other blank check companies, and this may increase our ability to complete an initial
business combination with which you do not agree. Our stockholders may pursue remedies against us for any breach of our amended
and restated certificate of incorporation. Our sponsor, officers and directors have
agreed, pursuant to a written agreement with us, that they will not propose any amendment to our amended and restated certificate
of incorporation (i) to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to redeem 100% of our public shares if we do not complete
our initial business combination by September 5, 2020 or (ii) with respect to any other provision relating to stockholders’
rights or pre-initial business combination activity, unless we provide our public stockholders with the opportunity to redeem
their shares of Class A common stock upon approval of any such amendment at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to
the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, divided by the number of then outstanding public shares. These agreements
are contained in a letter agreement that we have entered into with our sponsor, officers and directors. Our stockholders are not
parties to, or third-party beneficiaries of, these agreements and, as a result, will not have the ability to pursue remedies
against our sponsor, officers or directors for any breach of these agreements. As a result, in the event of a breach, our stockholders
would need to pursue a stockholder derivative action, subject to applicable law. 43 We may be unable to obtain additional financing to complete
our initial business combination or to fund the operations and growth of a target business, which could compel us to restructure
or abandon a particular business combination. We have not selected any specific business
combination target but intend to target businesses larger than we could acquire with the net proceeds of our initial public offering,
the sale of the private placement warrants as well as proceeds we may receive from the forward purchase agreement with Nomura.
As a result, we may be required to seek additional financing to complete such proposed initial business combination. We cannot
assure you that such financing will be available on acceptable terms, if at all. To the extent that additional financing proves
to be unavailable when needed to complete our initial business combination, we would be compelled to either restructure the transaction
or abandon that particular business combination and seek an alternative target business candidate. Further, the amount of additional
financing we may be required to obtain could increase as a result of future growth capital needs for any particular transaction,
the depletion of the available net proceeds in search of a target business, the obligation to repurchase for cash a significant
number of shares from stockholders who elect redemption in connection with our initial business combination and/or the terms of
negotiated transactions to purchase shares in connection with our initial business combination. If we are unable to complete our
initial business combination, our public stockholders may receive only approximately $10.10 per share plus any pro rata interest
earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our taxes on the liquidation of our trust
account and our warrants will expire worthless. In addition, even if we do not need additional financing to complete our initial
business combination, we may require such financing to fund the operations or growth of the target business. The failure to secure
additional financing outside of the forward purchase agreement could have a material adverse effect on the continued development
or growth of the target business. None of our officers, directors or stockholders is required to provide any financing to us in
connection with or after our initial business combination. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination, our
public stockholders may only receive approximately $10.10 per share on the liquidation of our trust account, and our warrants
will expire worthless. Furthermore, as described in the risk factor entitled “If third parties bring claims against us,
the proceeds held in the trust account could be reduced and the per-share redemption amount received by stockholders may
be less than $10.10 per share,” under certain circumstances our public stockholders may receive less than $10.10 per share
upon the liquidation of the trust account. In evaluating a prospective target business for our initial
business combination, our management may rely on the availability of all of the funds that we may receive from the sale of the
forward purchase shares to be used as part of the consideration to the sellers in the initial business combination. If the sale
of some or all of the forward purchase shares fails to close, we may lack sufficient funds to consummate our initial business
combination. Nomura has entered into a forward purchase
agreement with us which provides for the purchase by Nomura of our public shares for an aggregate purchase price of $125 million
through, other than as described below, open market purchases or privately negotiated transactions with one or more third parties.
In lieu of purchasing an aggregate of $125 million of public shares in the open market or privately negotiated transactions,
up to $75 million (which amount will be reduced by the aggregate amount of commitments by third parties to purchase our securities,
if any, in private placements to occur concurrently with the closing of our initial business combination) of such aggregate purchase
price may instead be in the form of an investment in our equity securities on terms to be mutually agreed between Nomura and us,
to occur concurrently with the closing of our initial business combination. However, if the sale of the forward purchase shares
does not close by reason of (i) the failure of a condition or contingency or (ii) our counterparty’s failure to fund the
purchase price for the forward purchase shares, either because they determine that it would constitute a conflict of interest,
because they lack sufficient funds or because they determine that it is not in their best interest to fund the purchase price
for any reason whatsoever, we may lack sufficient funds to consummate our initial business combination, or we may need to seek
alternative financing. In the event of any such failure to fund by Nomura, we may not be able to obtain additional funds to account
for such shortfall on terms favorable to us or at all. Any such shortfall may also reduce the amount of funds that we have available
for working capital of the post-business combination company. We have not obligated Nomura to reserve funds to satisfy its
obligations under the forward purchase agreement. 44 Nomura has the right to excuse itself from its obligation
to purchase the forward purchase shares for any reason. Pursuant to the forward purchase agreement
with Nomura, if, upon notification of our intention to enter into an initial business combination, Nomura decides not to purchase
forward purchase shares for any reason, including, without limitation, if it has determined that such purchase would constitute
a conflict of interest, it will be excused from its obligation to purchase such forward purchase shares. This excusal right could
give Nomura significant influence over our decision of whether or not to proceed with an initial business combination with a particular
target business. We may not be able to obtain any or enough additional funds to account for such shortfall, which may impact our
ability to consummate an initial business combination. Any such shortfall would also reduce the amount of funds that we have available
for working capital of the post-business combination company. Our initial stockholders may exert a substantial influence
on actions requiring a stockholder vote, potentially in a manner that you do not support. Our initial stockholders own 20% of our
issued and outstanding shares of common stock (excluding the securities issuable pursuant to the forward purchase agreement).
Accordingly, they may exert a substantial influence on actions requiring a stockholder vote, potentially in a manner that you
do not support, including amendments to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and approval of major corporate
transactions. If our initial stockholders purchase any additional shares of common stock in the aftermarket or in privately negotiated
transactions, this would increase their control. Factors that would be considered in making such additional purchases would include
consideration of the current trading price of our Class A common stock. In addition, our board of directors, whose members were
elected by certain of our initial stockholders, is divided into three classes, each of which will generally serve for a term of
three years with only one class of directors being elected in each year. We may not hold an annual meeting of stockholders to
elect new directors prior to the completion of our initial business combination, in which case all of the current directors will
continue in office until at least the completion of the initial business combination. If there is an annual meeting, as a consequence
of our “staggered” board of directors, only a minority of the board of directors will be considered for election and
our initial stockholders, because of their ownership position, will have considerable influence regarding the outcome. Accordingly,
our initial stockholders will continue to exert control at least until the completion of our initial business combination. We may amend the terms of the warrants in a manner that
may be adverse to holders of public warrants with the approval by the holders of at least 65% of the then outstanding warrants.
As a result, the exercise price of your warrants could be increased, the exercise period could be shortened and the number of
shares of our Class A common stock purchasable upon exercise of a warrant could be decreased, all without your approval. Our warrants are issued in registered form
under a warrant agreement between Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company, as warrant agent, and us. The warrant agreement
provides that the terms of the warrants may be amended without the consent of any holder to cure any ambiguity or correct any
defective provision, but requires the approval by the holders of at least 65% of the then outstanding warrants to make any change
that adversely affects the interests of the registered holders of public warrants. Accordingly, we may amend the terms of the
public warrants in a manner adverse to a holder if holders of at least 65% of the then outstanding warrants approve of such amendment.
Although our ability to amend the terms of the public warrants with the consent of at least 65% of the then outstanding warrants
is unlimited, examples of such amendments could be amendments to, among other things, increase the exercise price of the warrants,
convert the warrants into cash or stock, shorten the exercise period or decrease the number of shares of our Class A common stock
purchasable upon exercise of a warrant. We may redeem your unexpired warrants prior to their exercise
at a time that is disadvantageous to you, thereby making your warrants worthless. We have the ability to redeem outstanding
warrants at any time after they become exercisable and prior to their expiration, at a price of $0.01 per warrant, provided that
the last reported sales price of our Class A common stock equals or exceeds $18.00 per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock
dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within a 30 trading-day period ending
on the third trading day prior to the date on which we give proper notice of such redemption and provided certain other conditions
are met. If and when the warrants become redeemable by us, we may not exercise our redemption right if the issuance of shares
of common stock upon exercise of the warrants is not exempt from registration or qualification under applicable state blue sky
laws or we are unable to effect such registration or qualification. We will use our best efforts to register or qualify such shares
of common stock under the blue sky laws of the state of residence in those states in which the warrants were offered by us in
our initial public offering. Redemption of the outstanding warrants could force you (i) to exercise your warrants and pay the
exercise price therefor at a time when it may be disadvantageous for you to do so, (ii) to sell your warrants at the then-current market
price when you might otherwise wish to hold your warrants or (iii) to accept the nominal redemption price which, at the time the
outstanding warrants are called for redemption, is likely to be substantially less than the market value of your warrants. None
of the private placement warrants will be redeemable by us so long as they are held by the sponsor, our anchor investor or their
permitted transferees. 45 Our warrants and founder shares may have an adverse effect
on the market price of our Class A common stock and make it more difficult to effectuate our initial business combination. We issued warrants to purchase 22,511,250
shares of our Class A common stock as part of the units offered in our initial public offering and, simultaneously with the closing
of our initial public offering, we issued in a private placement warrants to purchase an aggregate of 13,581,500 shares of Class
A common stock at $11.50 per share. Our initial stockholders currently own
an aggregate of 7,503,750 founder shares. The founder shares are convertible into shares of Class A common stock on a one-for-one basis,
subject to adjustment as set forth herein. Furthermore, Nomura has entered into a forward purchase agreement with us, which provides
for the purchase by Nomura of our public shares for an aggregate purchase price of $125 million through, other than as described
below, open market purchases or privately negotiated transactions with one or more third parties. In lieu of purchasing an aggregate
of $125 million of public shares in the open market or privately negotiated transactions, up to $75 million (which amount
will be reduced by the aggregate amount of commitments by third parties to purchase our securities, if any, in private placements
to occur concurrently with the closing of our initial business combination) of such aggregate purchase price may instead be in
the form of an investment in our equity securities on terms to be mutually agreed between Nomura and us, to occur concurrently
with the closing of our initial business combination. In addition, if our sponsor makes any working capital loans, up to $1,500,000
of such loans may be converted into warrants, at the price of $1.00 per warrant at the option of the lender. Such warrants would
be identical to the private placement warrants, including as to exercise price, exercisability and exercise period. To the extent
we issue shares of Class A common stock to effectuate an initial business combination, the potential for the issuance of a substantial
number of additional shares of Class A common stock upon exercise of these warrants and conversion rights could make us a less
attractive business combination vehicle to a target business. Any such issuance will increase the number of issued and outstanding
shares of our Class A common stock and reduce the value of the shares of Class A common stock issued to complete the initial business
combination. Therefore, our warrants and founder shares may make it more difficult to effectuate an initial business combination
or increase the cost of acquiring the target business. The private placement warrants are identical
to the warrants sold as part of the units in our initial public offering except that, so long as they are held by our sponsor,
our anchor investor or their permitted transferees, (i) they will not be redeemable by us, (ii) they (including the Class
A common stock issuable upon exercise of these warrants) may not, subject to certain limited exceptions, be transferred, assigned
or sold by our sponsor until 30 days after the completion of our initial business combination and (iii) they may be exercised
by the holders on a cashless basis. Because each unit contains three-quarters of one redeemable
warrant and only a whole warrant may be exercised, the units may be worth less than units of other blank check companies. Each unit contains three-quarters of
one redeemable warrant. No fractional warrants will be issued upon separation of the units and only whole warrants will trade.
Accordingly, unless you own at least four units, you will not be able to receive or trade a whole warrant. This is different from
other offerings similar to ours whose units include one share of common stock and one warrant to purchase one whole share. We
have established the components of the units in this way in order to reduce the dilutive effect of the warrants upon completion
of an initial business combination since the warrants will be exercisable in the aggregate for three quarters of the number of
shares compared to units that each contain a whole warrant to purchase one whole share, thus making us, we believe, a more attractive
merger partner for target businesses. Nevertheless, this unit structure may cause our units to be worth less than if they included
a warrant to purchase one whole share. 46 A provision of our warrant agreement may make it more difficult
for use to consummate an initial business combination. Unlike most blank check companies, if we
issue additional shares of common stock or equity-linked securities for capital raising purposes in connection with the closing
of our initial business combination at a newly issued price of less than $9.20 per share of common stock, then the exercise price
of the warrants will be adjusted to be equal to 115% of the newly issued price. This may make it more difficult for us to consummate
an initial business combination with a target business. The requirements of being a public company may strain
our resources and divert management’s attention. As a public company, we are subject to
the reporting requirements of the Exchange Act, the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (the “Sarbanes Oxley Act”), the Dodd-Frank
Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act, the listing requirements of Nasdaq and other applicable securities rules and regulations.
Compliance with these rules and regulations increase our legal and financial compliance costs, make some activities more difficult,
time-consuming or costly and increase demand on our systems and resources, particularly after we are no longer an “emerging
growth company.” The Sarbanes Oxley Act requires, among other things, that we maintain effective disclosure controls and
procedures and internal control over financial reporting. In order to maintain and, if required, improve our disclosure controls
and procedures and internal control over financial reporting to meet this standard, significant resources and management oversight
maybe required. As a result, management’s attention may be diverted from other business concerns, which could adversely
affect our business and operating results. We may need to hire more employees in the future or engage outside consultants to comply
with these requirements, which will increase our costs and expenses. A market for our securities and a market for our securities
may not develop, which would adversely affect the liquidity and price of our securities. The price of our securities may vary significantly
due to one or more potential business combinations and general market or economic conditions. Furthermore, an active trading market
for our securities may never develop or, if developed, it may not be sustained. You may be unable to sell your securities unless
a market can be established and sustained. Because we must furnish our stockholders with target business
financial statements, we may lose the ability to complete an otherwise advantageous initial business combination with some prospective
target businesses. The federal proxy rules require that a
proxy statement with respect to a vote on an initial business combination meeting certain financial significance tests include
historical and/or pro forma financial statement disclosure in periodic reports. We will include the same financial statement disclosure
in connection with our tender offer documents, whether or not they are required under the tender offer rules. These financial
statements may be required to be prepared in accordance with, or be reconciled to, accounting principles generally accepted in
the United States of America, or GAAP, or international financial reporting standards as issued by the International Accounting
Standards Board, or IFRS, depending on the circumstances and the historical financial statements may be required to be audited
in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States), or PCAOB. These financial statements
may also be required to be prepared in accordance with GAAP in connection with our current report on Form 8-K announcing the closing
our initial business combination within four business days following such closing. These financial statement requirements may
limit the pool of potential target businesses we may acquire because some targets may be unable to provide such financial statements
in time for us to disclose such statements in accordance with federal proxy rules and complete our initial business combination
within the prescribed time frame. 47 We are an emerging growth company within the meaning of
the Securities Act, and if we take advantage of certain exemptions from disclosure requirements available to emerging growth companies,
this could make our securities less attractive to investors and may make it more difficult to compare our performance with other
public companies. We are an “emerging growth company”
within the meaning of the Securities Act, as modified by the JOBS Act, and we may take advantage of certain exemptions from various
reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not emerging growth companies including, but not
limited to, not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act,
reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements, and exemptions from
the requirements of holding a nonbinding advisory vote on executive compensation and stockholder approval of any golden parachute
payments not previously approved. As a result, our stockholders may not have access to certain information they may deem important.
We could be an emerging growth company for up to five years, although circumstances could cause us to lose that status earlier,
including if the market value of our Class A common stock held by non-affiliates exceeds $700 million as of any June
30 before that time, in which case we would no longer be an emerging growth company as of the following December 31. We cannot
predict whether investors will find our securities less attractive because we will rely on these exemptions. If some investors
find our securities less attractive as a result of our reliance on these exemptions, the trading prices of our securities may
be lower than they otherwise would be, there may be a less active trading market for our securities and the trading prices of
our securities may be more volatile. Further, Section 102(b)(1) of the JOBS
Act exempts emerging growth companies from being required to comply with new or revised financial accounting standards until private
companies (that is, those that have not had a Securities Act registration statement declared effective or do not have a class
of securities registered under the Exchange Act) are required to comply with the new or revised financial accounting standards.
The JOBS Act provides that a company can elect to opt out of the extended transition period and comply with the requirements that
apply to non-emerging growth companies but any such an election to opt out is irrevocable. We have elected not to opt out
of such extended transition period, which means that when a standard is issued or revised and it has different application dates
for public or private companies, we, as an emerging growth company, can adopt the new or revised standard at the time private
companies adopt the new or revised standard. This may make comparison of our financial statements with another public company
which is neither an emerging growth company nor an emerging growth company which has opted out of using the extended transition
period difficult or impossible because of the potential differences in accounting standards used. Compliance obligations under the Sarbanes-Oxley Act may
make it more difficult for us to effectuate our initial business combination, require substantial financial and management resources,
and increase the time and costs of completing an initial business combination. Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act
requires that we evaluate and report on our system of internal controls beginning with our Annual Report on Form 10-K for
the year ending December 31, 2020. Only in the event we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer or an accelerated filer,
and no longer qualify as an emerging growth company, will we be required to comply with the independent registered public accounting
firm attestation requirement on our internal control over financial reporting. Further, for as long as we remain an emerging growth
company, we will not be required to comply with the independent registered public accounting firm attestation requirement on our
internal control over financial reporting. The fact that we are a blank check company makes compliance with the requirements of
the Sarbanes-Oxley Act particularly burdensome on us as compared to other public companies because a target company with
which we seek to complete our initial business combination may not be in compliance with the provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act
regarding adequacy of its internal controls. The development of the internal control of any such entity to achieve compliance
with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act may increase the time and costs necessary to complete any such business combination. Provisions in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation
and Delaware law may inhibit a takeover of us, which could limit the price investors might be willing to pay in the future for
our Class A common stock and could entrench management. Our amended and restated certificate of
incorporation contains provisions that may discourage unsolicited takeover proposals that stockholders may consider to be in their
best interests. These provisions include a staggered board of directors and the ability of the board of directors to designate
the terms of and issue new series of preferred shares, which may make the removal of management more difficult and may discourage
transactions that otherwise could involve payment of a premium over prevailing market prices for our securities. We are also subject to anti-takeover provisions
under Delaware law, which could delay or prevent a change of control. Together these provisions may make the removal of management
more difficult and may discourage transactions that otherwise could involve payment of a premium over prevailing market prices
for our securities. 48 Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation requires,
to the fullest extent permitted by law, that derivative actions brought in our name, actions against our directors, officers,
other employees or stockholders for breach of fiduciary duty and other similar actions may be brought only in the Court of Chancery
in the State of Delaware and, if brought outside of Delaware, the stockholder bringing the suit will be deemed to have consented
to service of process on such stockholder’s counsel, which may have the effect of discouraging lawsuits against our directors,
officers, other employees or stockholders. Our amended and restated certificate of
incorporation requires, to the fullest extent permitted by law, that derivative actions brought in our name, actions against our
directors, officers, other employees or stockholders for breach of fiduciary duty and other similar actions may be brought only
in the Court of Chancery in the State of Delaware and, if brought outside of Delaware, the stockholder bringing the suit will
be deemed to have consented to service of process on such stockholder’s counsel except any action (A) as to which the Court
of Chancery in the State of Delaware determines that there is an indispensable party not subject to the jurisdiction of the Court
of Chancery (and the indispensable party does not consent to the personal jurisdiction of the Court of Chancery within ten days
following such determination), (B) which is vested in the exclusive jurisdiction of a court or forum other than the Court of Chancery,
(C) for which the Court of Chancery does not have subject matter jurisdiction, or (D) any action arising under the Securities
Act, as to which the Court of Chancery and the federal district court for the District of Delaware shall have concurrent jurisdiction.
Any person or entity purchasing or otherwise acquiring any interest in shares of our capital stock shall be deemed to have notice
of and consented to the forum provisions in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation. This choice of forum provision
may limit a stockholder’s ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum that it finds favorable for disputes with us or any
of our directors, officers, other employees or stockholders, which may discourage lawsuits with respect to such claims, although
our stockholders will not be deemed to have waived our compliance with federal securities laws and the rules and regulations thereunder.
However, there is no assurance that a court would enforce the choice of forum provision contained in our amended and restated
certificate of incorporation. If a court were to find such provision to be inapplicable or unenforceable in an action, we may
incur additional costs associated with resolving such action in other jurisdictions, which could harm our business, operating
results and financial condition. Our amended and restated certificate of
incorporation provides that the exclusive forum provision will be applicable to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law.
Section 27 of the Exchange Act creates exclusive federal jurisdiction over all suits brought to enforce any duty or liability
created by the Exchange Act or the rules and regulations thereunder. As a result, the exclusive forum provision will not apply
to suits brought to enforce any duty or liability created by the Exchange Act or any other claim for which the federal courts
have exclusive jurisdiction. Cyber incidents or attacks directed at us could result in
information theft, data corruption, operational disruption and/or financial loss. We depend on digital technologies, including
information systems, infrastructure and cloud applications and services, including those of third parties with which we may deal.
Sophisticated and deliberate attacks on, or security breaches in, our systems or infrastructure, or the systems or infrastructure
of third parties or the cloud, could lead to corruption or misappropriation of our assets, proprietary information and sensitive
or confidential data. As an early stage company without significant investments in data security protection, we may not be sufficiently
protected against such occurrences. We may not have sufficient resources to adequately protect against, or to investigate and
remediate any vulnerability to, cyber incidents. It is possible that any of these occurrences, or a combination of them, could
have adverse consequences on our business and lead to financial loss. If we effect our initial business combination with a company
with operations or opportunities outside of the United States, we would be subject to a variety of additional risks that may negatively
impact our operations. If we effect our initial business combination
with a company with operations or opportunities outside of the United States, we would be subject to any special considerations
or risks associated with companies operating in an international setting, including any of the following: ● | higher costs and difficulties inherent in managing cross-border business operations and complying with different commercial and legal requirements of overseas markets; ● | rules and regulations regarding currency redemption; 49 ● | complex corporate withholding taxes on individuals; ● | laws governing the manner in which future business combinations may be effected; ● | tariffs and trade barriers; ● | regulations related to customs and import/export matters; ● | longer payment cycles and challenges in collecting accounts receivable; ● | tax issues, including but not limited to tax law changes and variations in tax laws as compared to the United States; ● | currency fluctuations and exchange controls; ● | rates of inflation; ● | cultural and language differences; ● | employment regulations; ● | changes in industry, regulatory or environmental standards within the jurisdictions where we operate; ● | crime, strikes, riots, civil disturbances, terrorist attacks, natural disasters and wars; ● | deterioration of political relations with the United States; and ● | government appropriations of assets. We may not be able to adequately address
these additional risks. If we were unable to do so, our operations might suffer, which may adversely impact our results of operations
and financial condition. We may face risks related to businesses in the industrial,
infrastructure solutions and value-added distribution sectors. Business combinations with businesses in
the industrial, infrastructure solutions and value-added distribution sectors entail special considerations and risks. If
we are successful in completing a business combination with such a target business, we may be subject to, and possibly adversely
affected by, the following risks: ● | the markets we may serve may be subject to general economic conditions and cyclical demand, which could lead to significant shifts in our results of operations from quarter to quarter that make it difficult to project long-term performance; ● | we may be unable to attract or retain customers; ● | we may be subject to the negative impacts of catastrophic events; ● | we may face competition and consolidation of the specific sector of the industry within which the target business operates; ● | we may be subject to volatility in costs for strategic raw material and energy commodities (such as natural gas, including exports of material quantities of natural gas from the United States) or disruption in the supply of these commodities could adversely affect our financial results; ● | we may be unable to obtain necessary insurance coverage for the target business’ operations; ● | we may incur additional expenses and delays due to technical problems, labor problems (including union disruptions) or other interruptions at our manufacturing facilities after our initial business combination; ● | we may experience work-related accidents that may expose us to liability claims; 50 ● | our manufacturing processes and products may not comply with applicable statutory and regulatory requirements, or if we manufacture products containing design or manufacturing defects, demand for our products may decline and we may be subject to liability claims; ● | we may be liable for damages based on product liability claims, and we may also be exposed to potential indemnity claims from customers for losses due to our work or if our employees are injured performing services; ● | our products may be are subject to warranty claims, and our business reputation may be damaged and we may incur significant costs as a result; ● | we may be unable to protect our intellectual property rights; ● | our products and manufacturing processes will be subject to technological change; ● | we may be subject to increased government regulations, including with respect to, among other matters, increased environmental regulation and worker safety regulation, and the costs of compliance with such regulations; and ● | the failure of our customers to pay the amounts owed to us in a timely manner. Any of the foregoing
could have an adverse impact on our operations following a business combination. However, our efforts in identifying prospective
target businesses are not limited to the industrial, infrastructure solutions and value-added distribution sectors. Accordingly,
if we acquire a target business in another industry, these risks we will be subject to risks attendant with the specific industry
in which we operate or target business which we acquire, which may or may not be different than those risks listed above. Item 1B. | Unresolved Staff Comments. None. Item 2. | Properties. We do not own any real
estate or other physical properties materially important to our operation. We currently maintain our principal executive offices
at 3485 N. Pines Way, Suite 110, Wilson, Wyoming 83014. The cost for this space is included in the $15,000 per-month aggregate
fee our sponsor charges us for general and administrative services. We consider our current office space, combined with the other
office space otherwise available to our executive officers, adequate for our current operations. Item 3. | Legal Proceedings. To the knowledge of our
management, there is no litigation currently pending against us, any of our officers or directors in their capacity as such or
against any of our property. Item 4. | Mine Safety Disclosures. Not applicable. 51 PART II Item 5. | Market for Registrant’s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters, and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. Market Information Our units, Class A common
stock and warrants are each traded on the Nasdaq Capital Market under the symbols “HCACU,” “HCAC” and
“HCACW,” respectively. Our units commenced public trading on March 1, 2019, and our Class A common stock and warrants
commenced separate public trading on April 16, 2019. Holders On March 11, 2020,
there was one holder of record of our units, one holder of record of our Class A common stock and five holders of record of
our warrants. Securities Authorized for Issuance
Under Equity Compensation Plans None. Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities None. Purchases of Equity Securities by the
Issuer and Affiliated Purchasers None. Item 6. | Selected Financial Data. Not required for smaller
reporting companies. 52 Item 7. | Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking
Statements All statements other than statements
of historical fact included in this Form 10-K including, without limitation, statements under “Management’s Discussion
and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” regarding the Company’s financial position, business
strategy and the plans and objectives of management for future operations, are forward-looking statements. When used in this Form
10-K, words such as “anticipate,” “believe,” “estimate,” “expect,” “intend”
and similar expressions, as they relate to us or the Company’s management, identify forward-looking statements. Such forward-looking
statements are based on the beliefs of management, as well as assumptions made by, and information currently available to, the
Company’s management. Actual results could differ materially from those contemplated by the forward-looking statements as
a result of certain factors detailed in our filings with the SEC. The following discussion and analysis
of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with the financial statements and the notes
thereto contained elsewhere in this Report. Certain information contained in the discussion and analysis set forth below includes
forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. Overview We are a blank check company incorporated
on August 6, 2018 as a Delaware corporation and formed for the purpose of effecting a merger, capital stock exchange, asset acquisition,
stock purchase, reorganization or similar business combination with one or more businesses. We intend to effectuate our initial
business combination using cash from the proceeds of our initial public offering that was completed in March 2019 and the sale
of warrants in a private placement (the “Private Placement”) that occurred simultaneously with the completion of our
initial public offering, our capital stock, debt or a combination of cash, stock and debt. The issuance of additional shares of our
stock in an initial business combination: ● | may significantly dilute the equity interest of our stockholders; ● | may subordinate the rights of holders of our common stock if preferred stock is issued with rights senior to those afforded our common stock; ● | could cause a change in control if a substantial number of shares of our common stock is issued, which may affect, among other things, our ability to use our net operating loss carry forwards, if any, and could result in the resignation or removal of our present officers and directors; ● | may have the effect of delaying or preventing a change of control of us by diluting the stock ownership or voting rights of a person seeking to obtain control of us; and ● | may adversely affect prevailing market prices for our Class A common stock and/or warrants. Similarly, if we issue debt securities
or incur other indebtedness to finance our initial business combination, it could result in: ● | default and foreclosure on our assets if our operating revenues after an initial business combination are insufficient to repay our debt obligations; ● | acceleration of our obligations to repay the indebtedness even if we make all principal and interest payments when due if we breach certain covenants that require the maintenance of certain financial ratios or reserves without a waiver or renegotiation of that covenant; ● | our immediate payment of all principal and accrued interest, if any, if the debt security is payable on demand; ● | our inability to obtain necessary additional financing if the debt security or other indebtedness contains covenants restricting our ability to obtain such financing while the debt security or other indebtedness is outstanding; ● | our inability to pay dividends on our common stock; 53 ● | using a substantial portion of our cash flow to pay principal and interest on our debt, which will reduce the funds available for dividends on our common stock if declared, or limit our ability to pay expenses, make capital expenditures and acquisitions and fund other general corporate purposes; ● | limitations on our flexibility in planning for and reacting to changes in our business and in the industry in which we operate; ● | increased vulnerability to adverse changes in general economic, industry and competitive conditions and adverse changes in government regulation; ● | limitations on our ability to borrow additional amounts for expenses, capital expenditures, acquisitions, debt service requirements, execution of our strategy and other purposes and ● | other disadvantages compared to our competitors who have less debt. At December 31, 2019, we had approximately
$1,124,000 in cash outside of the trust account. We expect to incur significant costs in the pursuit of an initial business combination
and we cannot assure you that our plans to complete an initial business combination will be successful. Results of Operations For the period from August 6, 2018 (date
of inception) to December 31, 2019 our activities consisted of our formation and preparation for our initial public offering and,
subsequent to our initial public offering, identifying and completing a suitable initial business combination. As such, we had
no operations or significant operating expenses until March 2019. Our normal operating costs since March
5, 2019 include costs associated with our search for an initial business combination (see below), costs associated with our governance
and public reporting (see below), state franchise taxes of approximately $17,000 per month (see below), a charge of $15,000 per
month from our sponsor for administrative services and approximately $29,000 per month ($11,600 of which is deferred as to payment
until closing of our initial business combination) for compensation to our Chief Financial Officer as well as the costs of our
public reporting and other costs, subsequent to our initial public offering. Travel costs associated with investigating potential
initial business combination candidates were approximately $225,000 for the year ended December 31, 2019. As we identify initial
business combination candidates, our costs will increase significantly as we negotiate a definitive agreement and related agreements
and we incur additional professional, due diligence and consulting fees and travel costs. Costs associated with professional,
due diligence and consulting fees related were approximately $2.08 million for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2019. Costs
associated with our governance and public reporting have increased since our initial public offering and were approximately $307,000
for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2019. In addition, since our operating costs are not expected to be deductible for federal
income tax purposes, we are subject to federal income taxes on the income from the trust account less taxes. Such federal income
taxes were approximately $1.1 million for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2019 for the interest income earned on our U.S. treasury
bill investments. However, we are permitted to withdraw, and have withdrawn, interest earned from the trust account for the payment
of taxes. The initial public offering and the Private
Placement closed on March 5, 2019 as more fully described in “Liquidity and Capital Resources” below. At that time,
the proceeds in the trust account were initially invested in a money market fund that invested solely in direct U.S. government
obligations meeting the applicable conditions of Rule 2a-7 of the Investment Company Act of 1940. In March 2019, the money market
fund was largely liquidated and the trust assets were invested in U.S. government treasury bills which matured in September 2019
and yielded approximately 2.45% per year. In September 2019, the proceeds were invested in U.S. government treasury bills which
matured in December 2019 and yielded approximately 1.8% per year. Interest earned on the trust account was approximately $5.523
million for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2019. At December 31, 2019, the U.S. government treasury bills held in the trust
account yield approximately 1.5% and mature in June 2020. In March 2020, the Company liquidated these U.S. government treasury bills and invested the proceeds in a money market fund
that invests solely in U.S. government treasury obligations (as discussed above). During the period from August 6, 2018 (date
of inception) to December 31, 2018, operating expenses were nominal and we accumulated approximately $232,000 of deferred offering
costs associated with our initial public offering. 54 Liquidity and Capital
Resources On March 5, 2019, we consummated our initial
public offering of an aggregate of 30,015,000 units at a price of $10.00 per unit generating gross proceeds of approximately $300,150,000
before underwriting discounts and expenses. Simultaneously with the consummation of our initial public offering, we consummated
the Private Placement of 13,581,500 private placement warrants, each exercisable to purchase one share of our Class A common stock
at $11.50 per share, to our sponsor and certain funds and accounts managed by subsidiaries of BlackRock, Inc. (collectively, the
“Anchor Investor”), at a price of $1.00 per private placement warrants, generating gross proceeds, before expenses,
of approximately $13,581,500. The net proceeds from our initial public
offering and Private Placement was approximately $305,056,000, net of the non-deferred portion of the underwriting commissions
of $7,830,000 and offering costs and other expenses of approximately $856,000. $303,151,500 of the proceeds of our initial public
offering and the Private Placement have been deposited in the trust account and are not available to us for operations (except
amounts to pay taxes). At December 31, 2019, we had approximately $1,124,000 of cash available outside of the trust account to
fund our activities until we consummate an initial business combination. Until the consummation of our initial public
offering, our only sources of liquidity were an initial purchase of shares of our common stock for $28,000 by our sponsor and
the Anchor Investor, and a total of $300,000 loaned by our sponsor against the issuance of an unsecured promissory note (the “Note”).
The Note was non-interest bearing and was paid in full on March 5, 2019 in connection with the closing of our initial public offering. Although we had negative working capital
of approximately $1,107,000 at December 31, 2019, our largest creditors, representing approximately $2,075,000 of liabilities,
are professionals, consultants and advisors who continue to be owed money by us but are expected to continue assisting us with
completing a Business Combination. As such, we believe, but cannot provide any assurance, that our approximately $1,024,000 of
cash outside the trust account at December 31, 2019 represents sufficient liquidity to fund our operations until September 5,
2020, the date by which we must complete an initial business combination. We have only until September 5, 2020 to
complete an initial business combination. If we do not complete an initial business combination by September 5, 2020, we will
(i) cease all operations except for the purposes of winding up; (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible, but not more than ten
business days thereafter, redeem the public shares of Class A common stock for a pro rata portion of the trust account, including
interest, but less taxes payable (and less up to $100,000 of such net interest to pay dissolution expenses) and (iii) as promptly
as reasonably possible following such redemption, dissolve and liquidate the balance of our net assets to our creditors and remaining
stockholders, as part of our plan of dissolution and liquidation. The initial stockholders have waived their redemption rights
with respect to their founder shares; however, if the initial stockholders or any of our officers, directors or their affiliates
acquire shares of Class A common stock after our initial public offering, they will be entitled to a pro rata share of the trust
account upon our redemption or liquidation in the event we do not complete an initial business combination within the required
time period. In connection with generally accepted accounting
principles, management has determined that this mandatory liquidation and subsequent dissolution raises substantial doubt about
our ability to continue as a going concern. No adjustments have been made to the carrying amounts of assets or liabilities should
we be required to liquidate after September 5, 2020. In the event of such liquidation, it is
possible that the per share value of the residual assets remaining available for distribution (including trust account assets)
will be less than the price per unit in our initial public offering. Off-balance sheet financing arrangements We have no obligations, assets or liabilities
which would be considered off-balance sheet arrangements. We do not participate in transactions that create relationships with
unconsolidated entities or financial partnerships, often referred to as variable interest entities, which would have been established
for the purpose of facilitating off-balance sheet arrangements. We have not entered into any off-balance
sheet financing arrangements, established any special purpose entities, guaranteed any debt or commitments of other entities,
or entered into any agreements for non-financial assets. 55 Contractual obligations At December 31, 2019, we did not have any
long-term debt, capital lease obligations, operating lease obligations or long-term liabilities. In connection with our initial
public offering, we entered into an Administrative Support Agreement with Hennessy Capital LLC, an affiliate of our sponsor, pursuant
to which we pay Hennessy Capital LLC $15,000 per month for office space, utilities and secretarial and administrative support. In addition, commencing on March 1, 2019
(the date our securities were first listed on the Nasdaq Capital Market), we have agreed to compensate our Chief Financial Officer
$29,000 per month prior to the consummation of the initial business combination, of which 60% is payable in cash currently and
40% in cash upon the successful completion of the initial business combination. Approximately $116,000 has been included in accrued
liabilities for the deferred compensation of the Chief Financial Officer at December 31, 2019. Further, we have agreed to pay
our President and Chief Operating Officer a success fee of $500,000 in cash upon the closing of an initial business combination. Upon completion of the initial business
combination or the liquidation, we will cease paying or accruing these monthly fees. In connection with identifying an initial
business combination candidate and negotiating an initial business combination, we have entered into and expects to enter into
additional engagement letters or agreements with various consultants, advisors, professionals and others in connection with an
initial business combination. The services under these engagement letters and agreements are material in amount and in some instances
include contingent or success fees. Contingent or success fees (but not deferred underwriting compensation) would be charged to
operations in the quarter that an initial business combination is consummated. In most instances (except with respect to our independent
registered public accounting firm), these engagement letters and agreements are expected to specifically provide that such counterparties
waive their rights to seek repayment from the funds in the trust account. Critical Accounting Policies The preparation of financial statements
and related disclosures in conformity with GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported
amounts of assets and liabilities, disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements, and
income and expenses during the periods reported. Actual results could materially differ from those estimates. We have identified
the following as our critical accounting policies: Emerging Growth Company Section 102(b)(1) of the JOBS Act exempts
emerging growth companies from being required to comply with new or revised financial accounting standards until private companies
(that is, those that have not had a Securities Act registration statement declared effective or do not have a class of securities
registered under the Exchange Act) are required to comply with the new or revised financial accounting standards. The JOBS Act
provides that a company can elect to opt out of the extended transition period and comply with the requirements that apply to
non-emerging growth companies but any such an election to opt out is irrevocable. We have elected not to opt out of such extended
transition period which means that when a standard is issued or revised and it has different application dates for public or private
companies, we, as an emerging growth company, can adopt the new or revised standard at the time private companies adopt the new
or revised standard. Net Income (loss) Per Share Net income (loss) per common share is computed
by dividing net income (loss) applicable to common stockholders by the weighted average number of shares of common stock outstanding
for the period. We have not considered the effect of the warrants sold in our initial public offering and Private Placement (see
Note 4 to the accompanying financial statements) to purchase an aggregate of 36,092,750 Class A ordinary shares in the calculation
of diluted income (loss) per share, since their inclusion would be anti-dilutive under the treasury stock method. As a result,
diluted income (loss) per common share is the same as basic loss per common share for the period. Because there is no longer uncertainty
of forfeiture of 937,500 shares of Class B common stock in connection with our initial public offering, weighted average shares
outstanding used to compute net loss per share for period from August 6, 2018 (date of inception) to December 31, 2019 has been
retroactively restated to eliminate the reduction for shares subject to forfeiture. Also see Note 4 to the accompanying financial
statements regarding restatement of outstanding founder shares for a stock dividend in February 2019. 56 Our statements of operations include a
presentation of income (loss) per share for common stock subject to redemption in a manner similar to the two-class method of
income (loss) per share. Net income (loss) per share, basic and diluted for Class A common stock is calculated by dividing the
interest income earned on the funds in the trust account, net of income tax expense and franchise tax expense, by the weighted
average number of shares of Class A common stock outstanding since their original issuance. Net income (loss) per common share,
basic and diluted, for Class B common stock is calculated by dividing the net income (loss), less income attributable to Class
A common stock, by the weighted average number of shares of Class B common stock outstanding for the period. Net income (loss)
available to each class of common stockholders is as follows for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2019 and for the period from
August 6, 2018 to December 31, 2018: Years ended | For the period from August 6, 2018 (date of inception) to
December 31, | December 31,
2019 | 2018
Net income available to Class A common stockholders:
Interest income | $ | 5,523,000 | $ | -
Less: Income and franchise taxes | (1,310,000 | ) | -
Net income attributable to Class A common stockholders | $ | 4,213,000 | $ | -
Net income available to Class B common stockholders:
Net income (loss) | $ | 1,160,000 | $ | (3,000 | )
Less: amount attributable to Class A common stockholders | (4,213,000 | ) | -
Net (loss) attributable to Class B common stockholders | $ | (3,053,000 | ) | $ | (3,000 | ) Financial Instruments The fair value of our assets and liabilities,
which qualify as financial instruments under FASB ASC 820, “Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures,” approximates
the carrying amounts represented in the accompanying financial statements. Public Offering Costs We comply with the requirements of FASB
ASC 340-10-S99-1 and SEC Staff Accounting Bulletin (SAB) Topic 5A- “Expenses of Offering”. The costs of our initial
public offering are approximately $18,865,000 consisting of underwriters’ discounts of approximately $18,009,000 (including
approximately $10,179,000 of which payment is deferred) and approximately $856,000 of professional, printing, filing, regulatory
and other costs associated with our initial public offering were charged to additional paid in capital upon completion of the
our initial public offering in March 2019. Income Taxes We follow the asset and liability method
of accounting for income taxes under FASB ASC 740, “Income Taxes.” Deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized
for the estimated future tax consequences attributable to differences between the balance sheet carrying amounts of existing assets
and liabilities and their respective tax bases. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates expected
to apply to taxable income in the years in which those temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled. The effect
on deferred tax assets and liabilities of a change in tax rates is recognized in income in the period that included the enactment
date. Valuation allowances are established, when necessary, to reduce deferred tax assets to the amount expected to be realized. 57 Our currently taxable income consists of
interest income on the trust account net of taxes. Our general and administrative costs are generally considered start-up costs
and are not currently deductible. During the year ended December 31, 2019 and the period from August 6, 2018 (date of inception)
to December 31, 2018, we recorded income tax expense of approximately $1,110,000 and $0, respectively, primarily related to interest
income earned on the trust account net of taxes. Our effective tax rates for the year ended December 31, 2019 and the period from
August 6, 2018 (date of inception) to December 31, 2018 were approximately 49% and 0%, respectively, which differs from the expected
income tax rate due to the start-up costs (discussed above and including costs for our initial business combination) which are
not currently deductible. At December 31, 2019 and 2018, we had a deferred tax asset of approximately $640,000 and $-0-, respectively,
primarily related to start-up costs. Management has determined that a full valuation allowance of the deferred tax asset is appropriate
at this time. FASB ASC 740 prescribes a recognition threshold
and a measurement attribute for the financial statement recognition and measurement of tax positions taken or expected to be taken
in a tax return. For those benefits to be recognized, a tax position must be more-likely-than-not to be sustained upon examination
by taxing authorities. There were no unrecognized tax benefits as of December 31, 2019 or 2018. We recognize accrued interest
and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits as income tax expense. No amounts were accrued for the payment of interest
and penalties at December 31, 2019 or 2018. We are currently not aware of any issues under review that could result in significant
payments, accruals or material deviation from its position. We are subject to income tax examinations by major taxing authorities
since inception. Redeemable Common Stock All of the 30,015,000 public shares sold
as part of a unit in our initial public offering contain a redemption feature which allows for the redemption of public shares
under the Company’s Liquidation or Tender Offer/Stockholder Approval provisions. In accordance with Financial Accounting
Standards Board (“FASB”) ASC 480, redemption provisions not solely within the control of us require the security to
be classified outside of permanent equity. Ordinary liquidation events, which involve the redemption and liquidation of all of
the entity’s equity instruments, are excluded from the provisions of FASB ASC 480. Although we did not specify a maximum
redemption threshold, our charter provides that in no event will we redeem our public shares in an amount that would cause our
net tangible assets (stockholders’ equity) to be less than $5,000,001 upon the closing of a Business Combination. We recognize changes in redemption value
immediately as they occur and adjust the carrying value of the securities at the end of each reporting period. Increases or decreases
in the carrying amount of redeemable common stock are affected by adjustments to additional paid-in capital. Accordingly, at December
31, 2019, 28,817,019 of the 30,015,000 public shares were classified outside of permanent equity. Recent Accounting Pronouncements In July 2017, the FASB issued Accounting
Standards Update (“ASU”) 2017-11, Earnings Per Share (Topic 260), Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity (Topic 480)
and Derivatives and Hedging (Topic 815): Part I. Accounting for Certain Financial Instruments with Down Round Features; Part II.
Replacement of the Indefinite Deferral for Mandatorily Redeemable Financial Instruments of Certain Nonpublic Entities and Certain
Mandatorily Redeemable Non-controlling Interests with a Scope Exception. Part I of this update addresses the complexity of accounting
for certain financial instruments with down round features. Down round features are features of certain equity-linked instruments
(or embedded features) that result in the strike price being reduced on the basis of the pricing of future equity offerings. Also,
entities must adjust their basic Earnings Per Share (“EPS”) calculation for the effect of the down round provision
when triggered (that is, when the exercise price of the related equity-linked financial instrument is adjusted downward because
of the down round feature). That effect is treated as a dividend and as a reduction of income available to common shareholders
in basic EPS. An entity will also recognize the effect of the trigger within equity. The guidance is effective for fiscal years,
and interim periods within those fiscal years, beginning after December 15, 2018. We adopted this guidance during the fiscal year
ended December 31, 2019. The adoption of this guidance enabled us to record the warrants as equity instruments and is not expected
to have a material impact on our financial position, results of operations, cash flows or disclosures until a trigger event occurs.
Part II of this update addresses the difficulty of navigating Topic 480, Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity, because of the
existence of extensive pending content in the FASB Accounting Standards Codification. This pending content is the result of the
indefinite deferral of accounting requirements about mandatorily redeemable financial instruments of certain nonpublic entities
and certain mandatorily redeemable non-controlling interests. The amendments in Part II of this update are not expected to have
an impact on us. Management does not believe that any other
recently issued, but not yet effective, accounting pronouncements, if currently adopted, would have a material effect on our financial
statements. 58 Item 7A. | Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk. The net proceeds of our initial public
offering and the sale of the private placement warrants held in the trust account are invested in money market funds meeting certain
conditions under Rule 2a-7 under the Investment Company Act of 1940 which invest only in direct U.S. government treasury obligations.
Due to the short-term nature of these investments, we believe there will be no associated material exposure to interest rate risk. Item 8. | Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. Our financial statements and notes thereto
begin on page F-1 Item 9. | Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. None. Item 9A. | Controls and Procedures. Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures Disclosure controls are procedures that
are designed with the objective of ensuring that information required to be disclosed in our reports filed under the Exchange
Act, such as this Report, is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time period specified in the SEC’s
rules and forms. Disclosure controls are also designed with the objective of ensuring that such information is accumulated and
communicated to our management, including the chief executive officer and chief financial officer, as appropriate to allow timely
decisions regarding required disclosure. Our management evaluated, with the participation of our current chief executive officer
and chief financial officer (our “Certifying Officer”), the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures
as of December 31, 2019, pursuant to Rule 13a-15(b) under the Exchange Act. Based upon that evaluation, our Certifying Officer
concluded that, as of December 31, 2019, our disclosure controls and procedures were effective. We do not expect that our disclosure controls
and procedures will prevent all errors and all instances of fraud. Disclosure controls and procedures, no matter how well conceived
and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the disclosure controls and procedures
are met. Further, the design of disclosure controls and procedures must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints,
and the benefits must be considered relative to their costs. Because of the inherent limitations in all disclosure controls and
procedures, no evaluation of disclosure controls and procedures can provide absolute assurance that we have detected all our control
deficiencies and instances of fraud, if any. The design of disclosure controls and procedures also is based partly on certain
assumptions about the likelihood of future events, and there can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its
stated goals under all potential future conditions. Management’s Report on Internal
Controls over Financial Reporting This Report does not include a report of
management’s assessment regarding internal control over financial reporting or an attestation report of our registered public
accounting firm due to a transition period established by the rules of the Commission for newly public companies. Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting There were no changes in our internal control
over financial reporting (as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) of the Exchange Act) during the most recent
fiscal quarter that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial
reporting. Item 9B. | Other Information. None. 59 PART
III Item 10. | Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance. Directors
and Executive Officers As
of the date of this Report, our directors and officers are as follows: Name | Age | Position
Daniel J. Hennessy | 62 | Chairman of the Board of Directors and Chief Executive Officer
Greg Ethridge | 43 | President and Chief Operating Officer and Director
Nicholas A. Petruska | 33 | Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Secretary
Bradley Bell | 67 | Director
Richard Burns | 67 | Director
Juan Carlos Mas | 52 | Director
Gretchen W. McClain | 57 | Director
James F. O’Neil III | 60 | Director
Peter K. Shea | 68 | Director Daniel
J. Hennessy, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer since our formation, is also the Managing Member of Hennessy Capital
LLC, an alternative investment firm he established in 2013. From September 2013 to February 2015, Mr. Hennessy served as
Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer of Hennessy Capital Acquisition Corp., or Hennessy I, which merged with School
Bus Holdings Inc. in February 2015 and is now known as Blue Bird Corporation (NASDAQ: BLBD), and previously served as a director
from September 2013 to April 2019. From April 2015 to February 2017, Mr. Hennessy served as Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive
Officer of Hennessy Capital Acquisition Corp. II, or Hennessy II, which merged with Daseke in February 2017 and is now known as
Daseke, Inc. (NASDAQ: DSKE), and has served as Vice Chairman since February 2017. Since August 2018, Mr. Hennessy has served
as a director of SIRVA Worldwide Relocation & Moving. From January 2017 to October 2018, Mr. Hennessy served as Chairman
of the Board and Chief Executive Officer of Hennessy Capital Acquisition Corp. III, or Hennessy III, which merged with NRC Group
Holdings, LLC, a global provider of comprehensive environmental, compliance and waste management services, and is currently a
wholly-owned subsidiary of US Ecology, Inc. (NASDAQ: ECOL) and served as a director from January 2017 to October 2019. From 1988
to 2016, Mr. Hennessy served as a Partner at Code Hennessy & Simmons LLC (n/k/a CHS Capital or “CHS”), a
middle-market private equity investment firm he co-founded in 1988. Over a 25 year period, CHS invested $2.9 billion
in nearly 400 operating companies. Mr. Hennessy has served as Chairman of the Board of Directors of various CHS portfolio
companies that manufacture and/or distribute a broad array of products or provide services for the industrial, infrastructure,
energy and packaging sectors. In 2009, EDH Properties, LLC, a family real estate investment entity for which Mr. Hennessy
was the managing member, filed a petition for voluntary reorganization under Chapter 11 of the U.S. Bankruptcy Code. A plan of
reorganization was confirmed by the court in 2010 and the lender received payment in full. Prior to forming CHS, Mr. Hennessy
was employed by Citicorp from 1984 to 1988 as head of the Midwest Region for Citicorp Mezzanine Investments and Vice President
and Team Leader with Citicorp Leveraged Capital Group. He began his career in 1981 in the oil and gas lending group at Continental
Illinois National Bank (now Bank of America) where he was a Banking Officer. Mr. Hennessy holds a B.A. degree, magna cum
laude, from Boston College and an M.B.A. from the University of Michigan Ross School of Business. Mr. Hennessy is well qualified
to serve as director due to his experience in private equity and public and private company board governance, as well as his background
in finance and his experience with Hennessy I, Hennessy II and Hennessy III. 60 Greg
Ethridge, our President, Chief Operating Officer and director as of the date hereof, served as President of
Matlin & Partners Acquisition Corporation from January 2017 to November 2018, at which time it merged with USWS Holdings LLC,
a growth- and technology-oriented oilfield service company focused exclusively on hydraulic fracturing for oil and natural
gas exploration and production companies and is now known as U.S. Well Services, Inc. (NASDAQ: USWS). He serves as Senior Partner
of MatlinPatterson Global Advisers LLC, or MatlinPatterson. Prior to joining MatlinPatterson in 2009, Mr. Ethridge was a
principal in the Recapitalization and Restructuring group at Broadpoint Capital, Inc. where he moved his team from Imperial Capital
LLC, from 2008 to 2009. In 2006, Mr. Ethridge was a founding member of the corporate finance advisory practice for Imperial
Capital LLC in New York. From 2005 to 2006, Mr. Ethridge was a principal investor at Parallel Investment Partners LP (formerly
part of Saunders, Karp and Megrue), executing recapitalizations, buyouts and growth equity investments for middle market companies.
From 2001 to 2005, Mr. Ethridge was an associate in the Recapitalization and Restructuring Group at Jefferies and Company,
Inc. where he executed corporate restructurings and leveraged finance transactions and was a crisis manager at Conway, Del Genio,
Gries & Co. in New York from 2000 to 2001. Mr. Ethridge has served a director of Palmetto Bluff Company, LLC, formerly
a multi-asset class real estate developer known as Crescent Communities, LLC, a multi-class real estate developer, since
June 2010. From 2009 until 2017, Mr. Ethridge served on the board of directors of FXI Holdings Inc., a foam and foam products
manufacturer and served as its chairman from February 2012 until 2017. Mr. Ethridge has also served on the board of directors
of Advantix Systems Ltd. and Advantix Systems, Inc., HVAC equipment manufacturers, from August 2013 until 2015 (for Advantix Systems,
Inc.) and until 2018 (for Advantix Systems Ltd.). Mr. Ethridge holds a BBA and a Masters in Accounting from The University
of Texas at Austin. Mr. Ethridge is well-qualified to serve as director due to his experience in the private equity
and the special purpose acquisition company industries. Nicholas
A. Petruska , our Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Secretary since our formation, has served as the Vice
President of Hennessy Capital LLC, the managing member of our Sponsor, since November 2013, in which position he advised Hennessy
I, which merged with School Bus Holdings Inc. in February 2015 and is now known as Blue Bird Corporation (NASDAQ: BLBD), in connection
with its initial public offering in January 2014. In addition, he worked closely with Hennessy I’s CEO and COO on transaction
origination and initial assessments of potential target companies and led the due diligence assessment and transaction execution
for Hennessy 1’s business combination, which was consummated in February 2015. From April 2015 to February 2017, Mr. Petruska
served as Chief Financial Officer of Hennessy II, which merged with Daseke in February 2017 and is now known as Daseke Inc. (NASDAQ:
DSKE). From March 2017 to October 2018, Mr. Petruska served as Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Secretary
of Hennessy III, which merged with NRC Group Holdings, LLC, a global provider of comprehensive environmental, compliance and waste
management services, and is currently a wholly-owned subsidiary of US Ecology, Inc. (NASDAQ: ECOL). From July 2012 to July 2014,
Mr. Petruska served as an associate at CHS Capital, a Chicago-based middle market private equity investment firm, where
he evaluated leveraged buyouts and structured equity investments across multiple sectors and monitored certain portfolio companies
of CHS. From January 2010 to July 2012, Mr. Petruska served as an investment banking analyst for Morgan Stanley (NYSE: MS)
in the mergers and acquisitions and corporate finance groups with a focus on diversified industrials and consumer retail. He holds
a B.S. degree, summa cum laude, from Miami University with majors in Finance and Decision Sciences. 61 Bradley
Bell has served as a member of our board of directors and as the chairman of our audit committee since our initial public
offering. From January 2014 to February 2015, Mr. Bell served as a director and chairman of the Audit Committee of Hennessy
I, which merged with School Bus Holdings Inc. in February 2015 and is now known as Blue Bird Corporation (NASDAQ: BLBD). From
July 2015 to February 2017, Mr. Bell served as a director and chairman of the Audit Committee of Hennessy II, which
merged with Daseke in February 2017 and is now known as Daseke, Inc. (NASDAQ: DSKE). From June 2017 to October 2018, Mr. Bell
served as a director and chairman of the audit committee of Hennessy III, which merged with NRC Group Holdings, LLC, a global
provider of comprehensive environmental, compliance and waste management services, and is currently a wholly-owned subsidiary
of US Ecology, Inc. (NASDAQ: ECOL). Mr. Bell served as a director of MPM Holdings, Inc., a global manufacturer of silicones
and quartz products, where he has been Non-Executive Chair from December 2014 to May 2019. Since July 2015, Mr. Bell
has served as a director and Chairman of the Audit Committee of The Chemours Company LLC (NYSE: CC), a chemical solutions company.
From 2001 through 2015, he served as a director of IDEX Corporation (NYSE: IEX), a global industrial company with key growth platforms
in Fluid Metering Technology and Health & Science Technology segments, where he chaired the Nominating and Corporate Governance
Committee and Audit Committee and served on the Compensation Committee. From December 2003 through July 2015, he served as a director
of Compass Minerals Corporation (NYSE: CMP), an international mining company with operations in salt and specialty nutrients,
where he chaired the Compensation Committee and Audit Committee and served on the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee.
From 2009 to 2015, he served as a director and Chairman of the Audit Committee of Coskata Company, a pre-revenue biomass
startup with proprietary technology for the production of fuels and chemicals utilizing anaerobic microorganisms. From 2011 to
2014, Mr. Bell served as a director and chairman of the Audit Committee of Virent Corporation, a pre-revenue biochemical
company with proprietary technology for producing plastics and other products from plant sugars. From November 2003 to December
2010, Mr. Bell served as Executive Vice President of Nalco Corporation, an industrial water treatment and energy services
company. Mr. Bell has over 30 years combined experience as an executive in the technology and manufacturing industries, including
positions at Rohm and Haas Company, Whirlpool Corporation and Bundy Corporation. Through his experience, Mr. Bell has developed
financial expertise and experience in mergers and acquisitions, private equity and capital markets transactions. He has held directorships
at publicly traded companies for over 25 years, during which he chaired governance, audit and compensation committees. Through
his executive experience and board memberships, Mr. Bell has acquired training and experience in corporate governance and
executive compensation. Mr. Bell received a B.S. in finance with high honors from the University of Illinois and a master
of business administration degree with distinction from Harvard University. Mr. Bell is well qualified to serve as director
due to his experience in public and private company governance and accounting, including his service on audit, nominating and
corporate governance and compensation committees, including his experience with Hennessy I, Hennessy II and Hennessy III. Richard
Burns has served as a member of our board of directors since our initial public offering. From January 2014 to February
2015, Mr. Burns served as a director of Hennessy I, which merged with School Bus Holdings Inc. in February 2015 and is now
known as Blue Bird Corporation (NASDAQ: BLBD). From July 2015 to February 2017, Mr. Burns served as a director of Hennessy
II, which merged with Daseke in February 2017 and is now known as Daseke, Inc. (NASDAQ: DSKE). From June 2017 to October 2018,
Mr. Burns served as a director of Hennessy III, which merged with NRC Group Holdings, LLC, a global provider of comprehensive
environmental, compliance and waste management services, and is currently a wholly-owned subsidiary of US Ecology, Inc. (NASDAQ:
ECOL). From April 2008 to December 2018, he served as a Senior Advisor to McKinsey & Company, consulting with telecom service
providers, suppliers and private equity investors. Mr. Burns also serves on the board of GeorgiasOwn Credit Union, a consumer
retail financial services firm, since 2002. He served on the board of Unison Site Management, a cell site management firm, from
March 2010 to June 2016. Mr. Burns has over 35 years of combined executive experience in telecommunications, including landline,
broadband and wireless networks. He served as an officer of BellSouth from 2002 to 2006, holding a number of positions including
Chief Integration Officer for Broadband Transformation, President of Bellsouth Broadband and Internet Services, and Chief Supply
Chain Officer. He also served as an officer of AT&T from December 2006 to March 2008, as President of AT&T’s Wireless
Network. Through his experience, Mr. Burns has developed expertise in operations, mergers, financial management, and private
equity investment. Through his executive experience and board service Mr. Burns has acquired both experience and training
in corporate governance, executive compensation, and finance. Mr. Burns received both his Bachelor and Master’s Degrees
in Engineering from the University of Louisville, and an MBA from Vanderbilt University with Honors. Mr. Burns is well qualified
to serve as a director due to his executive experience in large public companies, as well as his board experience in privately
held firms and Hennessy I, Hennessy II and Hennessy III. 62 Juan
Carlos Mas has served as a member of our board of directors since our initial public offering. Since April 2011, Mr. Mas
serves as the chairman of The Mas Group, a company that invests in various industries including infrastructure development, real
estate, construction equipment and healthcare. He has also served as chairman and founder of Synergy Rents, a construction equipment
rental company, since April 2013. Mr. Mas is a member of the board of directors of CareCloud, a software and services company
for the healthcare industry, and chairman of Cross Country Infrastructure Services, a supplier of materials, tools, parts and
equipment for the oil and gas pipeline construction industry. From January 2002 to June 2007, Mr. Mas served as chairman
and chief executive officer of Neff Corporation, a construction equipment rental company. From July 1990 to January 2002, Mr. Mas
served in a variety of executive positions at MasTec, Inc. (NYSE: MTZ), including as President of MasTec International. Mr. Mas
holds BBA and JD degrees from the University of Miami. Mr. Mas is well qualified to serve as a director due to his extensive
experience as a founder, executive office and director of numerous industrial companies as well as his significant experience
investing in industrial companies. Gretchen
W. McClain has served as a member of our board of directors since our initial public offering. Since June 2014, Ms. McClain
has served as principal of G. W. Advisory Services, a consulting business providing leadership coaching and business advisory
services to executives to help them grow their businesses and expand their leadership capabilities. Since July 2019, Ms. McClain
has also served as an Operating Executive for The Carlyle Group Inc. (NASDAQ: CG). Ms. McClain was the founding President and
Chief Executive Officer of Xylem, Inc. (NYSE: XYL) from October 2011 to September 2013. She joined Xylem as the founding CEO in
2011 when it was formed and taken public from a spinoff of the water business of ITT Corporation. She joined ITT Corporation in
2005 as the president of its residential and commercial water business and served as the senior vice president and president of
its commercial businesses from 2008 to 2011. Ms. McClain has served in a number of senior executive positions at Honeywell Aerospace
(formerly AlliedSignal), including vice president and general manager of the business, general aviation and helicopters electronics
division, and vice president for engineering and technology, as well as for program management in Honeywell Aerospace’s
engines, systems and services division. She also spent nine years with NASA and served as Deputy Associate Administrator for Space
Development, where she played a pivotal role in the successful development and launch of the International Space Station Program
as Chief Director of the Space Station and Deputy Director for Space Flight. She currently serves as a director of Ametek, Inc.
(NYSE: AME), Booz Allen Hamilton Holding Corporation (NYSE: BAH), and J.M. Huber Corporation (a family-owned business), and
previously served as a director of: Xylem from 2011 to 2013, Con-Way Inc. from June 2015 to October 2015, and Boart Longyear
Limited (ASX: BLY) from November 2015 to August 2019. Ms. McClain holds a B.S. in Mechanical Engineering from the University of
Utah. Ms. McClain is well qualified to serve as a director due to her extensive business, developmental, strategic and technical
background from more than 25 years of global experience across multiple industries, including as CEO of a publicly traded industrial
company and government agency leadership. James
F. O’Neil III has served as a member of our board of directors since our initial public offering. He has also served
as Vice Chairman and Chief Executive Officer on CUI Global, Inc. (NASDAQ: CUI) since October 2019. Since June 2017, Mr. O’Neil
has served as a director of Hennessy III, which merged with NRC Group Holdings, LLC, a global provider of comprehensive environmental,
compliance and waste management services, and is currently a wholly-owned subsidiary of US Ecology, Inc. (NASDAQ: ECOL). He was
a Partner of Western Commerce Group from April 2016 to March 2018. In October 2017, Mr. O’Neil formed Forefront Solutions,
LLC, a consulting company to the energy infrastructure industry. Mr. O’Neil served as the Chief Executive Officer and
President of Quanta Services, Inc. from May 2011 to March 2016 and from October 2008 to March 2016, respectively. He previously
served as Chief Operating Officer of Quanta Services from October 2008 to 2011. Earlier, Mr. O’Neil served as a Senior
Vice President of Quanta Services with responsibility for Operations Integration & Audit from December 2002 to October 2008.
He served as a Vice President of Operations Integration at Quanta Services from August 1999 to December 2002. Mr. O’Neil
joined Quanta in 1999 and, throughout his tenure at Quanta, was responsible for various initiatives, including: renewable energy
strategy; commercial and industrial operations; internal audit; and merger and acquisition initiatives, including oversight of
the acquisition and integration of InfraSource, its largest acquisition. From 1980 to 1999, Mr. O’Neil held various
positions with Halliburton Company, a provider of products and services to the petroleum and energy industries, lastly as Director,
Global Deepwater Development. Mr. O’Neil has been a Director of FirstEnergy Corp. since January 2017. He also served
as a Director of Quanta Services, Inc. from May 2011 to March 2016. Mr. O’Neil holds a B.S. in Civil Engineering from
Tulane University, New Orleans in 1980. Mr. O’Neil is well qualified to serve as a director due to his extensive experience
in commercial and industrial operations and with mergers and acquisitions execution and integration and his experience with Hennessy
III. 63 Peter
K. Shea is a member of our board of directors as of the date hereof and serves as the chairman of our compensation committee.
From January 2014 to February 2015, Mr. Shea served as a director and chairman of the Compensation Committee of Hennessy I, which
merged with School Bus Holdings Inc. in February 2015 and is now known as Blue Bird Corporation (NASDAQ: BLBD). From July 2015
to February 2017, Mr. Shea served as a director and chairman of the Compensation Committee of Hennessy II, which merged with Daseke
in February 2017 and is now known as Daseke, Inc. (NASDAQ: DSKE). From June 2017 to October 2018, Mr. Shea has served as a director
and chairman of the compensation committee of Hennessy III, which merged with NRC Group Holdings, LLC, a global provider of comprehensive
environmental, compliance and waste management services, and is currently a wholly-owned subsidiary of US Ecology, Inc. (NASDAQ:
ECOL). Since January 2010, Mr. Shea has been a private equity advisor and an independent director for various companies. He has
served as an operating partner of Snow Phipps Group, a private equity firm, since April 2013. He has been a director of Viskase
Companies (OTCMKTS: VKSC), a supplier of cellulose and fibrous casings since October 2006, where he is currently chairman of the
Audit Committee and previously served as chairman of the Compensation Committee. He has been a director of CVR Partners LP (NYSE:
UAN), a nitrogen fertilizer producer, since May 2014 where he is currently Chairman of the Environmental, Health and Safety Committee
and a member of the Audit Committee. Since September 2017, Mr. Shea has served as Chairman of Decopac Inc., a private B2B food
processing supplier. Mr. Shea served as chairman of the board of directors of Voltari Corporation (NASDAQ: VLTC), a commercial
real estate company, from September 2015 to July 2019. From May 2014 to March 2019, Mr. Shea served as Chairman of the Board of
Directors of FeraDyne Outdoors LLC, a private company which manufactures hunting and fishing accessories. From November 2014 to
March 2019, he served as Chairman of Teasedale Foods, a private company and a processor of Hispanic food products. Mr. Shea served
as a Director of Trump Entertainment Resorts LLP from January 2016 to June 2017, where he was a member of the Audit Committee.
From November 2011 to December 2016, Mr. Shea was an operating advisor for OMERS Private Equity. He served as a Director of Give
and Go Prepared Foods, a food processor, from January 2012 until July 2016. He was a Director of CTI Foods, a processor of protein
and soup products from May 2010 to July 2013. He previously served as a director of, Sitel Worldwide Corporation, a customer relationship
marketing business, from October 2011 until September 2015. Mr. Shea has also served as a Director, Chairman, Executive Chairman,
Chief Executive Officer, President or Managing Director of a variety of companies including Icahn Enterprises, H.J. Heinz Company
Europe, John Morrell & Company, Specialty Meats Company, Grupo Polymer United Latin America, Roncadin GmbH, Premium Standard
Farms, New Energy Company of Indiana and United Brands Company where he was Head of Global Corporate Development. He has an MBA
from the University of Southern California and a BBA from Iona College. Mr. Shea is well qualified to serve as a director due
to his experience in public and private company governance and private equity, including his service on numerous corporate boards
and on audit and compensation committees, including his experience with Hennessy I, Hennessy II and Hennessy III. Number
and Terms of Office of Officers and Directors Our
board of directors consists of eight directors and is divided into three classes with only one class of directors being elected
in each year and each class (except for those directors appointed prior to our first annual meeting of stockholders) serving a
three-year term. In accordance with Nasdaq corporate governance requirements, we are not required to hold an annual meeting
until one year after our first fiscal year end following our listing on Nasdaq. The term of office of the first class of directors,
consisting of Messrs. Shea, Burns and O’Neil, will expire at our first annual meeting of stockholders. The term of office
of the second class of directors, consisting of Messrs. Bell and McClain, will expire at the second annual meeting of stockholders.
The term of office of the third class of directors, consisting of Messrs. Hennessy, Ethridge and Mas, will expire at the third
annual meeting of stockholders. Our
officers are appointed by the board of directors and serve at the discretion of the board of directors, rather than for specific
terms of office. Our board of directors is authorized to appoint persons to the offices set forth in our bylaws as it deems appropriate.
Our bylaws provide that our officers may consist of a Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer,
President, Vice Presidents, Secretary, Treasurer, Assistant Secretaries and such other offices as may be determined by the board
of directors. 64 Director
Independence Nasdaq
listing standards require that a majority of our board of directors be independent. An “independent director” is defined
generally as a person other than an officer or employee of the company or its subsidiaries or any other individual having a relationship
which in the opinion of the company’s board of directors, would interfere with the director’s exercise of independent
judgment in carrying out the responsibilities of a director. Our board of directors has determined that Messrs. Bell, Burns, Mas,
O’Neil and Shea and Ms. McClain are “independent directors” as defined in the Nasdaq listing standards and applicable
SEC rules. Our independent directors will have regularly scheduled meetings at which only independent directors are present. Officer
and Director Compensation None
of our officers has received any cash compensation for services rendered to us. We have agreed to pay an affiliate of our sponsor
a total of $15,000 per month for office space, utilities and secretarial and administrative support. Upon completion of our initial
business combination or our liquidation, we will cease paying these monthly fees. We pay Mr. Petruska, our Chief Financial
Officer, $29,000 per month for his services prior to the consummation of our initial business combination, of which 40% is payable
upon the successful completion of our initial business combination. We also pay Mr. Ethridge, our President and Chief Operating
Officer, a $500,000 fee upon the successful completion of our initial business combination. No other compensation of any kind,
including any finder’s fee, reimbursement, consulting fee or monies in respect of any payment of a loan, will be paid by
us to our sponsor, officers and directors, or any affiliate of our sponsor or officers, prior to, or in connection with any services
rendered in order to effectuate, the consummation of our initial business combination (regardless of the type of transaction that
it is). However, these individuals will be reimbursed for any out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with activities
on our behalf such as identifying potential target businesses and performing due diligence on suitable business combinations.
Our audit committee will review on a quarterly basis all payments that were made to our sponsor, officers or directors, or our
or their affiliates. Any such payments prior to an initial business combination will be made using funds held outside the trust
account. Other than quarterly audit committee review of such payments, we do not expect to have any additional controls in place
governing our reimbursement payments to our directors and executive officers for their out-of-pocket expenses incurred in
connection with identifying and consummating an initial business combination. After
the completion of our initial business combination, directors or members of our management team who remain with us may be paid
consulting or management fees from the combined company. All of these fees will be fully disclosed to stockholders, to the extent
then known, in the tender offer materials or proxy solicitation materials furnished to our stockholders in connection with a proposed
initial business combination. We have not established any limit on the amount of such fees that may be paid by the combined company
to our directors or members of management. It is unlikely the amount of such compensation will be known at the time of the proposed
initial business combination, because the directors of the post-combination business will be responsible for determining
officer and director compensation. Any compensation to be paid to our officers will be determined, or recommended to the board
of directors for determination, either by a compensation committee constituted solely by independent directors or by a majority
of the independent directors on our board of directors. We
do not intend to take any action to ensure that members of our management team maintain their positions with us after the consummation
of our initial business combination, although it is possible that some or all of our officers and directors may negotiate employment
or consulting arrangements to remain with us after our initial business combination. The existence or terms of any such employment
or consulting arrangements to retain their positions with us may influence our management’s motivation in identifying or
selecting a target business but we do not believe that the ability of our management to remain with us after the consummation
of our initial business combination will be a determining factor in our decision to proceed with any potential business combination.
We are not party to any agreements with our officers and directors that provide for benefits upon termination of employment. 65 Committees
of the Board of Directors Our
board of directors has two standing committees: an audit committee and a compensation committee. Subject to phase-in rules
and a limited exception, Nasdaq rules and Rule 10A-3 of the Exchange Act require that the audit committee of a listed company
be comprised solely of independent directors, and Nasdaq rules require that the compensation committee of a listed company be
comprised solely of independent directors. Audit
Committee We
have established an audit committee of the board of directors. Messrs. Bell, Shea and Burns serve as members of our audit committee,
and Mr. Bell chairs the audit committee. Under the Nasdaq listing standards and applicable SEC rules, we are required to
have at least three members of the audit committee, all of whom must be independent. Each of Messrs. Bell, Shea and Burns meets
the independent director standard under Nasdaq listing standards and under Rule 10-A-3(b)(1) of the Exchange Act. Each
member of the audit committee is financially literate and our board of directors has determined that Mr. Bell qualifies as
an “audit committee financial expert” as defined in applicable SEC rules. We
have adopted an audit committee charter, which details the principal functions of the audit committee, including: ● | the appointment, compensation, retention, replacement, and oversight of the work of the independent registered public accounting firm engaged by us; ● | pre-approving all audit and permitted non-audit services to be provided by the independent registered public accounting firm engaged by us, and establishing pre-approval policies and procedures; ● | setting clear hiring policies for employees or former employees of the independent registered public accounting firm, including but not limited to, as required by applicable laws and regulations; ● | setting clear policies for audit partner rotation in compliance with applicable laws and regulations; ● | obtaining and reviewing a report, at least annually, from the independent registered public accounting firm describing (i) the independent registered public accounting firm’s internal quality-control procedures, (ii) any material issues raised by the most recent internal quality-control review, or peer review, of the audit firm, or by any inquiry or investigation by governmental or professional authorities within the preceding five years respecting one or more independent audits carried out by the firm and any steps taken to deal with such issues and (iii) all relationships between the independent registered public accounting firm and us to assess the independent registered public accounting firm’s independence; ● | reviewing and approving any related party transaction required to be disclosed pursuant to Item 404 of Regulation S-K promulgated by the SEC prior to us entering into such transaction; and ● | reviewing with management, the independent registered public accounting firm, and our legal advisors, as appropriate, any legal, regulatory or compliance matters, including any correspondence with regulators or government agencies and any employee complaints or published reports that raise material issues regarding our financial statements or accounting policies and any significant changes in accounting standards or rules promulgated by the Financial Accounting Standards Board, the SEC or other regulatory authorities. Compensation
Committee We
have established a compensation committee of the board of directors. Messrs. Bell, Burns and Shea serve as members of our compensation
committee. Under the Nasdaq listing standards and applicable SEC rules, we are required to have at least two members of the compensation
committee, all of whom must be independent. Messrs. Bell, Burns and Shea are independent and Mr. Shea chairs the compensation
committee. 66 We
have adopted a compensation committee charter, which details the principal functions of the compensation committee, including: ● | reviewing and approving on an annual basis the corporate goals and objectives relevant to our Chief Executive Officer’s compensation, if any is paid by us, evaluating our Chief Executive Officer’s performance in light of such goals and objectives and determining and approving the remuneration (if any) of our Chief Executive Officer based on such evaluation; ● | reviewing and approving on an annual basis the compensation, if any is paid by us, of all of our other officers; ● | reviewing on an annual basis our executive compensation policies and plans; ● | implementing and administering our incentive compensation equity-based remuneration plans; ● | assisting management in complying with our proxy statement and annual report disclosure requirements; ● | approving all special perquisites, special cash payments and other special compensation and benefit arrangements for our officers and employees; ● | if required, producing a report on executive compensation to be included in our annual proxy statement; and ● | reviewing, evaluating and recommending changes, if appropriate, to the remuneration for directors. Notwithstanding
the foregoing, as indicated above, other than the payment to an affiliate of our sponsor of $15,000 per month, for up to 18 months,
for office space, utilities and secretarial and administrative support, the payment to our Chief Financial Officer of $29,000
per month for his services for up to 18 months, of which 40% is payable upon the successful completion of our initial business
combination, the payment to our President and Chief Operating Officer of a $500,000 fee upon the successful completion of our
initial business combination and reimbursement of expenses, no compensation of any kind, including finders, consulting or other
similar fees, will be paid to any of our existing stockholders, officers, directors or any of their respective affiliates, prior
to, or for any services they render in order to effectuate the consummation of an initial business combination. Accordingly, it
is likely that prior to the consummation of an initial business combination, the compensation committee will only be responsible
for the review and recommendation of any compensation arrangements to be entered into in connection with such initial business
combination. The
charter also provides that the compensation committee may, in its sole discretion, retain or obtain the advice of a compensation
consultant, legal counsel or other adviser and is directly responsible for the appointment, compensation and oversight of the
work of any such adviser. However, before engaging or receiving advice from a compensation consultant, external legal counsel
or any other adviser, the compensation committee will consider the independence of each such adviser, including the factors required
by Nasdaq and the SEC. Director
Nominations We
do not have a standing nominating committee though we intend to form a corporate governance and nominating committee as and when
required to do so by law or Nasdaq rules. In accordance with Rule 5605 of the Nasdaq rules, a majority of the independent directors
may recommend a director nominee for selection by the board of directors. The board of directors believes that the independent
directors can satisfactorily carry out the responsibility of properly selecting or approving director nominees without the formation
of a standing nominating committee. The directors who will participate in the consideration and recommendation of director nominees
are Messrs. Bell, Burns, Shea, O’Neil, Mas and McClain. In accordance with Rule 5605 of the Nasdaq rules, all such directors
are independent. As there is no standing nominating committee, we do not have a nominating committee charter in place. 67 The
board of directors will also consider director candidates recommended for nomination by our stockholders during such times as
they are seeking proposed nominees to stand for election at the next annual meeting of stockholders (or, if applicable, a special
meeting of stockholders). Our stockholders that wish to nominate a director for election to our board of directors should follow
the procedures set forth in our bylaws. We
have not formally established any specific, minimum qualifications that must be met or skills that are necessary for directors
to possess. In general, in identifying and evaluating nominees for director, the board of directors considers educational background,
diversity of professional experience, knowledge of our business, integrity, professional reputation, independence, wisdom, and
the ability to represent the best interests of our stockholders. Compensation
Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation None
of our officers currently serves, or in the past year has served, as a member of the compensation committee of any entity that
has one or more officers serving on our board of directors. Compliance with Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act requires
our executive officers, directors and persons who beneficially own more than 10% of a registered class of our equity securities
to file with the Securities and Exchange Commission initial reports of ownership and reports of changes in ownership of our common
stock and other equity securities. These executive officers, directors, and greater than 10% beneficial owners are required by
SEC regulation to furnish us with copies of all Section 16(a) forms filed by such reporting persons. Based solely on our review
of such forms furnished to us and written representations from certain reporting persons, we believe that all reports applicable
to our executive officers, directors and greater than 10% beneficial owners were filed in a timely manner in accordance with Section
16(a) of the Exchange Act. Code
of Ethics We
have adopted a Code of Ethics applicable to our directors, officers and employees. We have filed a copy of our Code of Ethics
and our audit and compensation committee charters as exhibits to the registration statement filed in connection with our initial
public offering. You may review these documents by accessing our public filings at the SEC’s web site at www.sec.gov .
In addition, a copy of the Code of Ethics will be provided without charge upon request from us. We intend to disclose any amendments
to or waivers of certain provisions of our Code of Ethics in a Current Report on Form 8-K. Conflicts
of Interest Each
of our officers and directors presently has, and any of them in the future may have additional, fiduciary or contractual obligations
to other entities pursuant to which such officer or director is or will be required to present a business combination opportunity.
Accordingly, if any of our officers or directors becomes aware of a business combination opportunity which is suitable for an
entity to which he or she has then-current fiduciary or contractual obligations to present the opportunity to such entity,
he or she will honor his or her fiduciary or contractual obligations to present such opportunity to such entity. We believe, however,
that the fiduciary duties or contractual obligations of our officers or directors will not materially affect our ability to complete
our initial business combination. Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that we renounce our interest
in any corporate opportunity offered to any director or officer unless such opportunity is expressly offered to such person solely
in his or her capacity as a director or officer of our company and such opportunity is one we are legally and contractually permitted
to undertake and would otherwise be reasonable for us to pursue, and to the extent the director or officer is permitted to refer
that opportunity to us without violating another legal obligation. Our
sponsor, officers and directors have agreed not to participate in the formation of, or become an officer or director of any other
special purpose acquisition company with a class of securities registered under the Exchange Act, until we have entered into a
definitive agreement regarding our initial business combination or we have failed to complete our initial business combination
by September 5, 2020. We
are not prohibited from pursuing an initial business combination with a company that is affiliated with our sponsor, officers
or directors. In the event we seek to complete our initial business combination with such a company, we, or a committee of independent
directors, would obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm that is a member of FINRA or from an independent
accounting firm, that such an initial business combination is fair to our company from a financial point of view. In
the event that we submit our initial business combination to our public stockholders for a vote, pursuant to the letter agreement,
our sponsor, officers and directors have agreed to vote any founder shares held by them and any public shares purchased during
or after our initial public offering (including in open market and privately negotiated transactions) in favor of our initial
business combination. 68 Limitation
on Liability and Indemnification of Officers and Directors Our
amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that our officers and directors will be indemnified by us to the fullest
extent authorized by Delaware law, as it now exists or may in the future be amended. In addition, our amended and restated certificate
of incorporation provides that our directors will not be personally liable for monetary damages to us or our stockholders for
breaches of their fiduciary duty as directors, unless they violated their duty of loyalty to us or our stockholders, acted in
bad faith, knowingly or intentionally violated the law, authorized unlawful payments of dividends, unlawful stock purchases or
unlawful redemptions, or derived an improper personal benefit from their actions as directors. We
have entered into agreements with our officers and directors to provide contractual indemnification in addition to the indemnification
provided for in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation. Our bylaws also permits us to secure insurance on behalf
of any officer, director or employee for any liability arising out of his or her actions, regardless of whether Delaware law would
permit such indemnification. We have purchased a policy of directors’ and officers’ liability insurance that insures
our officers and directors against the cost of defense, settlement or payment of a judgment in some circumstances and insures
us against our obligations to indemnify our officers and directors. These
provisions may discourage stockholders from bringing a lawsuit against our directors for breach of their fiduciary duty. These
provisions also may have the effect of reducing the likelihood of derivative litigation against officers and directors, even though
such an action, if successful, might otherwise benefit us and our stockholders. Furthermore, a stockholder’s investment
may be adversely affected to the extent we pay the costs of settlement and damage awards against officers and directors pursuant
to these indemnification provisions. We
believe that these provisions, the directors’ and officers’ liability insurance and the indemnity agreements are necessary
to attract and retain talented and experienced officers and directors. Availability
of Documents We
have filed a copy of our form of Code of Ethics, our audit committee charter, our nominating committee charter and compensation
committee charter as exhibits to the registration statement filed in connection with our initial public offering. You will be
able to review these documents by accessing our public filings at the SEC’s web site at www.sec.gov. In addition, a copy
of the Code of Ethics will be provided without charge upon request from us. We intend to disclose any amendments to or waivers
of certain provisions of our Code of Ethics in a Current Report on Form 8-K. Item 11. | Executive Compensation. Executive
Officer and Director Compensation None
of our officers has received any cash compensation for services rendered to us except as set forth below. We have agreed to pay
an affiliate of our sponsor a total of $15,000 per month for office space, utilities and secretarial and administrative support.
Upon completion of our initial business combination or our liquidation, we will cease paying these monthly fees. We pay Mr. Petruska,
our Chief Financial Officer, $29,000 per month for his services prior to the consummation of our initial business combination,
of which 40% is payable upon the successful completion of our initial business combination. We also pay Mr. Ethridge, our
President and Chief Operating Officer, a $500,000 fee upon the successful completion of our initial business combination. No other
compensation of any kind, including any finder’s fee, reimbursement, consulting fee or monies in respect of any payment
of a loan, will be paid by us to our sponsor, officers and directors, or any affiliate of our sponsor or officers, prior to, or
in connection with any services rendered in order to effectuate, the consummation of our initial business combination (regardless
of the type of transaction that it is). However, these individuals will be reimbursed for any out-of-pocket expenses incurred
in connection with activities on our behalf such as identifying potential target businesses and performing due diligence on suitable
business combinations. Our audit committee will review on a quarterly basis all payments that were made to our sponsor, officers
or directors, or our or their affiliates. Any such payments prior to an initial business combination will be made using funds
held outside the trust account. Other than quarterly audit committee review of such payments, we do not expect to have any additional
controls in place governing our reimbursement payments to our directors and executive officers for their out-of-pocket expenses
incurred in connection with identifying and consummating an initial business combination. 69 After
the completion of our initial business combination, directors or members of our management team who remain with us may be paid
consulting or management fees from the combined company. All of these fees will be fully disclosed to stockholders, to the extent
then known, in the tender offer materials or proxy solicitation materials furnished to our stockholders in connection with a proposed
initial business combination. We have not established any limit on the amount of such fees that may be paid by the combined company
to our directors or members of management. It is unlikely the amount of such compensation will be known at the time of the proposed
initial business combination, because the directors of the post-combination business will be responsible for determining
officer and director compensation. Any compensation to be paid to our officers will be determined, or recommended to the board
of directors for determination, either by a compensation committee constituted solely by independent directors or by a majority
of the independent directors on our board of directors. We
do not intend to take any action to ensure that members of our management team maintain their positions with us after the consummation
of our initial business combination, although it is possible that some or all of our officers and directors may negotiate employment
or consulting arrangements to remain with us after our initial business combination. The existence or terms of any such employment
or consulting arrangements to retain their positions with us may influence our management’s motivation in identifying or
selecting a target business but we do not believe that the ability of our management to remain with us after the consummation
of our initial business combination will be a determining factor in our decision to proceed with any potential business combination.
We are not party to any agreements with our officers and directors that provide for benefits upon termination of employment. 70 Item 12 . | Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. The
following table sets forth information regarding the beneficial ownership of our common stock as of March 13, 2020 based
on information obtained from the persons named below, with respect to the beneficial ownership of shares of our common stock,
by: ● | each person known by us to be the beneficial owner of more than 5% of our outstanding shares of common stock; ● | each of our executive officers and directors that beneficially owns shares of our common stock; and ● | all our executive officers and directors as a group. Unless
otherwise indicated, we believe that all persons named in the table have sole voting and investment power with respect to all
shares of common stock beneficially owned by them. Class A Common Stock | Class B Common Stock
Name and Address of Beneficial Owner (1)(2) | Number of Shares Beneficially Owned | Percentage of Class A Common Stock | Number of Shares Beneficially Owned | Percentage of Class B Common Stock
Hennessy Capital Partners IV LLC (our sponsor)(3) | - | - | 5,656,820 | 75.4 | %
Daniel J. Hennessy (3) | - | - | 5,656,820 | 75.4 | %
Blackrock, Inc. (4) | - | - | 871,930 | 11.6 | %
Greg Ethridge | - | - | 225,000 | 3.0 | %
Nicholas A. Petruska | - | - | 300,000 | 4.0 | %
Bradley Bell | - | - | 75,000 | 1 | %
Richard Burns | - | - | 75,000 | 1 | %
Peter K. Shea | - | - | 75,000 | 1 | %
James F. O’Neil III | - | - | 75,000 | 1 | %
Juan Carlos Mas | - | - | 75,000 | 1 | %
Gretchen W. McClain | - | - | 75,000 | 1 | %
All directors and executive officers as a group (9 individuals) | - | - | 6,631,820 | 88.4 | %
Polar Asset Management Partners Inc. (5) | 1,586,608 | 5.3 | % | - | -
Magnetar Financial LLC (6) | 1,800,000 | 6.0 | % | - | -
Karpus Investment Management (7) | 3,513,900 | 11.7 | % | - | - * | Less than one percent. (1) | The table above does not include the shares of common stock underlying the private placement warrants held by our sponsor because these securities are not exercisable within 60 days of this Report. (2) | Unless otherwise noted, the business address of each of the following entities or individuals is 3485 N. Pines Way, Suite 110, Wilson, Wyoming 83014. (3) | These shares represent the founder shares held by our sponsor. Daniel J. Hennessy, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, is the sole managing member of Hennessy Capital LLC, the sole managing member of our sponsor. Consequently, Mr. Hennessy may be deemed the beneficial owner of the founder shares held by our sponsor and has sole voting and dispositive control over such securities. Mr. Hennessy disclaims beneficial ownership over any securities owned by our sponsor in which he does not have any pecuniary interest. (4) | The holders of these shares are funds and accounts under management by investment adviser subsidiaries of BlackRock, Inc. BlackRock, Inc. is the ultimate parent holding company of such investment adviser entities. On behalf of such investment adviser entities, the applicable portfolio managers, as a managing directors of such entities, have voting and investment power over the shares held by the funds and accounts which are the registered holders of the referenced shares. Such portfolio managers expressly disclaim beneficial ownership of all shares held by such funds and accounts. The address of such funds and accounts, such investment adviser subsidiaries and such portfolio managers is 55 East 52nd Street, New York, NY 10055. 71 (5) | According to a Schedule 13G filed with the SEC on February 11, 2020, Polar Asset Management Partners Inc. has voting and dispositive power with regard to these shares. The business address of such holder is 401 Bay Street, Suite 1900, PO Box 19, Toronto, Ontario M5H 2Y4, Canada. (6) | According to a Schedule 13G filed with the SEC on February 13, 2020, these shares are held for Magnetar Constellation Master Fund, Ltd (“Constellation Master Fund”), Magnetar Constellation Fund II, Ltd (“Constellation Fund”), Magnetar Xing He Master Fund Ltd (“Xing He Master Fund”), Magnetar SC Fund Ltd (“SC Fund”), Magnetar Capital Master Fund Ltd, (“Master Fund”) and Magnetar Structured Credit Fund, LP (“Structured Credit Fund”), collectively (the “Magnetar Funds”). Magnetar Financial LLC serves as the investment adviser to the Magnetar Funds, and as such, Magnetar Financial (“Magnetar Financial”) exercises voting and investment power over the shares held for the Magnetar Funds’ accounts. Magnetar Capital Partners LP (“Magnetar Capital Partners”) serves as the sole member and parent holding company of Magnetar Financial. Supernova Management LLC (“Supernova Management”) is the general partner of Magnetar Capital Partners. The manager of Supernova Management is Alec N. Litowitz. The business address of such holders is 1603 Orrington Avenue, 13th Floor, Evanston, Illinois 60201. (7) | According to a Schedule 13G/A filed with the SEC on February 14, 2020, Karpus Management, Inc. has voting and dispositive power with regard to these shares. The business address of such holder is 183 Sully’s Trail, Pittsford, New York 14534. Changes
in Control Not
applicable. Item 13. | Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence. Certain
Relationships and Related Transactions In
August 2018, we issued an aggregate of 7,187,500 founder shares to our sponsor for an aggregate purchase price of $25,000 in cash,
or approximately $0.003 per share. The number of founder shares issued was determined based on the expectation that such founder
shares would represent 20% of the outstanding shares upon completion of our initial public offering. In October 2018, our sponsor
transferred 75,000 founder shares to each of Messrs. Bell, Burns, Mas, McClain, O’Neil and Shea, our independent directors,
300,000 to Mr. Petruska, our Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Secretary, and 225,000 to Mr. Ethridge,
our President and Chief Operating Officer. In January 2019, our sponsor forfeited 871,930 founder shares and our Anchor Investor
purchased 871,930 founder shares for an aggregate purchase price of approximately $3,000, or approximately $0.003 per share. On
February 28, 2019, we effected a stock dividend for approximately 0.05 share for our shares of Class B common stock,
resulting in our initial stockholders holding an aggregate of 7,503,750 founder shares. Following the stock dividend, our officers
and directors retransferred an aggregate of 48,823 shares to our sponsor and our Anchor Investor waived its right to the
stock dividend. Up to 978,750 founder shares were subject to forfeiture by our sponsor and our Anchor Investor, on a pro rata
basis, depending on the extent to which the underwriters’ over-allotment option is exercised. However, the over-allotment
option was exercised in full during our initial public offering and therefore no shares were forfeited. Our
sponsor and Anchor Investor have purchased, pursuant to written agreements, an aggregate of 13,581,500 private placement warrants
for a purchase price of $1.00 per warrant in a private placement that occurred simultaneously with the closing of our initial
public offering. Among the private placement warrants, 11,739,394 warrants were purchased by our sponsor and 1,842,106 warrants
were purchased by our Anchor Investor. As such, our sponsor’s and our Anchor Investor’s interests in this transaction
is valued at an aggregate of $13,581,500. The private placement warrants are identical to the warrants sold as part of the units
in our initial public offering, subject to limited exceptions. The private placement warrants (including the Class A common stock
issuable upon exercise thereof) may not, subject to certain limited exceptions, be transferred, assigned or sold by the holder. If
any of our officers or directors becomes aware of an initial business combination opportunity that falls within the line of business
of any entity to which he or she has then-current fiduciary or contractual obligations, he or she will honor his or her fiduciary
or contractual obligations to present such business combination opportunity to such other entity. Our officers and directors currently
have certain relevant fiduciary duties or contractual obligations that may take priority over their duties to us. 72 We
have agreed to pay Hennessy Capital LLC, an affiliate of our sponsor, a total of $15,000 per month for office space, utilities
and secretarial and administrative support. Upon completion of our initial business combination or our liquidation, we will cease
paying these monthly fees. We
pay Mr. Petruska, our Chief Financial Officer, $29,000 per month for his services prior to the consummation of our initial
business combination, of which 40% is payable upon the successful completion of our initial business combination. We will also
pay Mr. Ethridge, our President and Chief Operating Officer, a $500,000 fee upon the successful completion of our initial
business combination. Other
than the foregoing, no compensation of any kind, including any finder’s fee, reimbursement, consulting fee or monies in
respect of any payment of a loan, will be paid by us to our sponsor, officers and directors, or any affiliate of our sponsor or
officers, prior to, or in connection with any services rendered in order to effectuate, the consummation of an initial business
combination (regardless of the type of transaction that it is). However, these individuals will be reimbursed for any out-of-pocket expenses
incurred in connection with activities on our behalf such as identifying potential target businesses and performing due diligence
on suitable business combinations. Our audit committee will review on a quarterly basis all payments that were made to our sponsor,
officers, directors or our or their affiliates and will determine which expenses and the amount of expenses that will be reimbursed.
There is no cap or ceiling on the reimbursement of out-of-pocket expenses incurred by such persons in connection with activities
on our behalf. In
August 2018, our sponsor agreed to loan us an aggregate of $300,000 by drawdowns of not less than $10,000 each against the issuance
of an unsecured promissory note to cover expenses related to our initial public offering. The promissory note was non-interest
bearing and payable on the earlier of March 31, 2019 or the completion of our initial public offering. In
September 2018, we drew down $90,000 from the promissory note in order to fund expenses of our initial public offering. In January
2019, we drew down an additional $75,000 from the promissory note in order to fund expenses of our initial public offering. On
February 27, 2019, we drew down on the remaining $135,000 of the promissory note leaving a balance on the promissory note at that
date of $300,000. On March 5, 2019, the promissory note was repaid in full in connection with the closing of our initial public
offering. In
addition, in order to finance transaction costs in connection with an intended initial business combination, our sponsor or an
affiliate of our sponsor or certain of our officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, loan us funds as may be required.
If we complete an initial business combination, we would repay such loaned amounts. In the event that the initial business combination
does not close, we may use a portion of the working capital held outside the trust account to repay such loaned amounts but no
proceeds from our trust account would be used for such repayment. Up to $1,500,000 of such loans may be convertible into warrants
at a price of $1.00 per warrant at the option of the lender. The warrants would be identical to the private placement warrants,
including as to exercise price, exercisability and exercise period. The terms of such loans by our officers and directors, if
any, have not been determined and no written agreements exist with respect to such loans. We do not expect to seek loans from
parties other than our sponsor or an affiliate of our sponsor as we do not believe third parties will be willing to loan such
funds and provide a waiver against any and all rights to seek access to funds in our trust account. After
our initial business combination, members of our management team who remain with us may be paid consulting, management or other
fees from the combined company with any and all amounts being fully disclosed to our stockholders, to the extent then known, in
the tender offer or proxy solicitation materials, as applicable, furnished to our stockholders. It is unlikely the amount of such
compensation will be known at the time of distribution of such tender offer materials or at the time of a stockholder meeting
held to consider our initial business combination, as applicable, as it will be up to the directors of the post-combination business
to determine executive and director compensation. We
have entered into a registration rights agreement with respect to the private placement warrants, the warrants issuable upon conversion
of working capital loans (if any) and the shares of Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of the foregoing and upon conversion
of the founder shares. 73 Related
Party Policy We
have not yet adopted a formal policy for the review, approval or ratification of related party transactions. Accordingly, the
transactions discussed above were not reviewed, approved or ratified in accordance with any such policy. Prior
to the consummation of our initial public offering, we adopted a code of ethics requiring us to avoid, wherever possible, all
conflicts of interests, except under guidelines or resolutions approved by our board of directors (or the appropriate committee
of our board) or as disclosed in our public filings with the SEC. Under our code of ethics, conflict of interest situations will
include any financial transaction, arrangement or relationship (including any indebtedness or guarantee of indebtedness) involving
the company. A form of the code of ethics that we adopted is filed as an exhibit to the registration statement filed in connection
with our initial public offering. In
addition, our audit committee, pursuant to a written charter that we adopted prior to the consummation of our initial public offering,
is responsible for reviewing and approving related party transactions to the extent that we enter into such transactions. An affirmative
vote of a majority of the members of the audit committee present at a meeting at which a quorum is present will be required in
order to approve a related party transaction. A majority of the members of the entire audit committee will constitute a quorum.
Without a meeting, the unanimous written consent of all of the members of the audit committee will be required to approve a related
party transaction. A form of the audit committee charter that we adopted prior to the consummation of our initial public offering
is filed as an exhibit to the registration statement filed in connection with our initial public offering. We also require each
of our directors and executive officers to complete a directors’ and officers’ questionnaire that elicits information
about related party transactions. Our
audit committee will review on a quarterly basis all payments that were made to our sponsor, officers or directors, or our or
their affiliates. Director
Independence Nasdaq
listing standards require that a majority of our board of directors be independent. An “independent director” is defined
generally as a person other than an officer or employee of the company or its subsidiaries or any other individual having a relationship
which in the opinion of the company’s board of directors, would interfere with the director’s exercise of independent
judgment in carrying out the responsibilities of a director. Our board of directors has determined that Messrs. Bell, Burns, Mas,
O’Neil and Shea and Ms. McClain are “independent directors” as defined in the Nasdaq listing standards and applicable
SEC rules. Our independent directors hold regularly scheduled meetings at which only independent directors are present. Item 14 . | Principal Accountant Fees and Services. The
following is a summary of fees paid or to be paid to WithumSmith+Brown, PC, or Withum, for services rendered. Audit
Fees . Audit fees consist of fees paid for professional services rendered for the audit of our year-end financial statements
and services that are normally provided by Withum in connection with regulatory filings. The aggregate fees billed by Withum for
professional services rendered for the audit of our annual financial statements, review of the financial information included
in our Forms 10-Q for the respective periods and other required filings with the SEC for the year ended December 31, 2019 and
for the period from August 6, 2018 (inception) through December 31, 2018 totaled $30,000 and $91,835, respectively. The above
amounts include interim procedures and audit fees, as well as attendance at audit committee meetings. Audit-Related
Fees. Audit-related services consist of fees billed for assurance and related services that are reasonably related to
performance of the audit or review of our financial statements and are not reported under “Audit Fees.” These services
include attest services that are not required by statute or regulation and consultations concerning financial accounting and reporting
standards. We did not pay Withum for consultations concerning financial accounting and reporting standards during the year ended
December 31, 2019 and for the period from August 6, 2018 (inception) through December 31, 2019. Tax
Fees . We did not pay Withum for tax planning and tax advice for the year ended December 31, 2019 and for the period from August
6, 2018 (inception) through December 31, 2018. All
Other Fees . We did not pay Withum for other services for the year ended December 31, 2019 and for the period from August 6,
2018 (inception) through December 31, 2018. Pre-Approval
Policy Our
audit committee was formed upon the consummation of our initial public offering. As a result, the audit committee did not pre-approve
all of the foregoing services, although any services rendered prior to the formation of our audit committee were approved by our
board of directors. Since the formation of our audit committee, and on a going-forward basis, the audit committee has and will
pre-approve all auditing services and permitted non-audit services to be performed for us by our auditors, including the fees
and terms thereof (subject to the de minimis exceptions for non-audit services described in the Exchange Act which are approved
by the audit committee prior to the completion of the audit). 74 PART
IV Item 15. | Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules. (a) | The following documents are filed as part of this Report: (1) | Financial Statements (2) | Financial Statements Schedule All
financial statement schedules are omitted because they are not applicable or the amounts are immaterial and not required, or the
required information is presented in the financial statements and notes thereto in is Item 15 of Part IV below. (3) | Exhibits We
hereby file as part of this Report the exhibits listed in the attached Exhibit Index. Copies of such material can be obtained
on the SEC website at www.sec.gov. Item 16. | Form 10-K Summary. Not
applicable. 75 EXHIBIT
INDEX Exhibit No. | Description
1.1 | Underwriting Agreement, dated February 28, 2019, by and among the Company and Nomura Securities International, Inc. and Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, as representatives of the several underwriters. (1)
3.1 | Certificate of Incorporation. (2)
3.2 | Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation. (1)
3.3 | Bylaws. (2)
4.1 | Warrant Agreement, dated February 28, 2019, by and between the Company and Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company, as warrant agent. (1)
4.2 | Description of Securities.
10.1 | Investment Management Trust Agreement, dated February 28, 2019, by and between the Company and Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company, as trustee. (1)
10.2 | Registration Rights Agreement, dated February 28, 2019, by and among the Company and certain security holders. (1)
10.3 | Letter Agreement, dated February 28, 2019, by and among the Company, its officers, its directors and the Sponsor. (1)
10.5 | Administrative Support Agreement, dated February 28, 2019, by and between the Company and Hennessy Capital LLC. (1)
10.6 | Securities Subscription Agreement, dated August 16, 2018, between the Company and Hennessy Capital Partners IV LLC. (2)
10.7 | Private Placement Warrants Purchase Agreement, dated February 28, 2019, by and between the Company and the Sponsor. (1)
10.8 | Forward Purchase Agreement, dated February 28, 2019, by and between the Company and Nomura Securities International, Inc. (1)
10.9 | Form of Subscription Agreement by and among the Company, Hennessy Capital Partners IV LLC and the anchor investor (2)
31.1 | Certification of the Chief Executive Officer required by Rule 13a-14(a) or Rule 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes Oxley Act of 2002.*
31.2 | Certification of the Chief Financial Officer required by Rule 13a-14(a) or Rule 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes Oxley Act of 2002.*
32.1 | Certification Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes Oxley Act of 2002.**
32.2 | Certification Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes Oxley Act of 2002.**
101.INS | XBRL Instance Document*
101.SCH | XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema*
101.CAL | XBRL Taxonomy Calculation Linkbase*
101.LAB | XBRL Taxonomy Label Linkbase*
101.PRE | XBRL Definition Linkbase Document*
101.DEF | XBRL Definition Linkbase Document* * | Filed herewith ** | Furnished herewith (1) | Incorporated by reference to the Company’s Form 8-K, filed with the Commission on March 6, 2019. (2) | Incorporated by reference to the Company’s Form S-1, filed with the Commission on February 11, 2019. 76 HENNESSY
CAPITAL ACQUISITION CORP. IV INDEX
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Page
Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm | F-2
Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2019 and 2018 | F-3
Statements of Operations for the year ended December 31, 2019 and for the period from August 6, 2018 (date of inception) to December 31, 2018 | F-4
Statements of Changes in Stockholders’ Equity for the year ended December 31, 2019 and for the period from August 6, 2018 (date of inception) to December 31, 2018 | F-5
Statements of Cash Flows for the year ended December 31, 2019 and for the period from August 6, 2018 (date of inception) to December 31, 2018 | F-6
Notes to Financial Statements | F-7 F- 1 Report
of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm To
the Stockholders and the Board of Directors of Hennessy
Capital Acquisition Corp. IV Opinion
on the Financial Statements We
have audited the accompanying balance sheets of Hennessy Capital Acquisition Corp. IV (the “Company”) as of December
31, 2019 and 2018, the related statements of operations, changes in stockholders’ equity and cash flows, for the year ended
December 31, 2019 for the period from August 6, 2018 (date of inception) to December 31, 2018, and the related notes (collectively
referred to as the “financial statements”). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material
respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2019 and 2018, and the results of its operations and its cash
flows for year ended December 31, 2019 and for the period from August 6, 2018 (date of inception) to December 31, 2018, in conformity
with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Going
Concern The
accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed
in Note 1 to the financial statements, if the Company does not complete a business combination by September 5, 2020, then the
Company will cease all operations except for the purpose of winding down and liquidating. This mandatory liquidation and subsequent
dissolution raises substantial doubt about the Company’s ability to continue as a going concern. The financial statements do not
include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. Basis
for Opinion These
financial statements are the responsibility of the Company’s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company’s
financial statements based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight
Board (United States) (“PCAOB”) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the
U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. We
conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit
to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error
or fraud. Our audit included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether
due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis,
evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audit also included evaluating the accounting
principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial
statements. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. /s/
WithumSmith+Brown, PC We
have served as the Company’s auditor since 2018. New
York, New York March
16, 2020 F- 2 HENNESSY
CAPITAL ACQUISITION CORP. IV BALANCE
SHEETS December 31,
2019 | 2018
ASSETS
Current assets:
Cash | $ | 1,124,000 | $ | 6,000
Prepaid expenses | 50,000 | -
Total current assets | 1,174,000 | 6,000
Deferred offering costs | - | 232,000
Cash and investments held in trust account | 307,338,000 | -
Total assets | $ | 308,512,000 | $ | 238,000
LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS’ EQUITY
Current liabilities:
Note payable to Sponsor | $ | - | $ | 90,000
Accounts payable | 46,000 | 27,000
Accrued liabilities | 2,119,000 | 99,000
Deferred compensation | 116,000 | -
Total current liabilities | 2,281,000 | 216,000
Other liabilities:
Deferred underwriting compensation | 10,179,000 | -
Total liabilities | 12,460,000 | 216,000
Commitments and contingencies
Common stock subject to possible redemption; 28,817,019 and -0- shares at December 31, 2019 and 2018, respectively, (at value of approximately $10.10 per share) | 291,052,000 | -
Stockholders’ equity:
Preferred stock, $0.0001 par value; 1,000,000 authorized shares; none issued or outstanding at December 31, 2019 and 2018, respectively | - | -
Class A common stock, $0.0001 par value; 100,000,000 authorized shares; 1,197,981 and -0- shares, respectively, issued and outstanding (excluding 28,817,019 and -0- shares, respectively, at December 31, 2019 and 2018, subject to possible redemption) | - | -
Class B common stock, $0.0001 par value, 10,000,000 authorized shares; 7,503,750 shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2019 and 2018, respectively | 1,000 | 1,000
Additional paid-in-capital | 3,842,000 | 24,000
Retained earnings (accumulated deficit) | 1,157,000 | (3,000 | )
Total stockholders’ equity | 5,000,000 | 22,000
Total liabilities and stockholders’ equity | $ | 308,512,000 | $ | 238,000 See
accompanying notes to financial statements F- 3 HENNESSY
CAPITAL ACQUISITION CORP. IV STATEMENTS
OF OPERATIONS Year Ended December 31, 2019 | For the Period August 6, 2018 (date of inception) to December 31, 2018
Revenues | $ | - | $ | -
General and administrative expenses | 3,253,000 | 3,000
Loss from operations | (3,253,000 | ) | (3,000 | )
Other income – Interest income on Trust Account | 5,523,000 | -
Income (loss) before provision for income tax | 2,270,000 | (3,000 | )
Provision for income tax | 1,110,000 | -
Net income (loss) | $ | 1,160,000 | $ | (3,000 | )
Two Class Method for Per Share Information:
Weighted average Class A common shares outstanding - basic and diluted | 30,015,000 | -
Net income per Class A common share – basic and diluted | $ | 0.14 | $ | -
Weighted average Class B common shares outstanding – basic and diluted | 7,503,750 | 7,503,750
Net loss per Class B common share – basic and diluted | $ | (0.41 | ) | $ | (0.00 | ) See
accompanying notes to financial statements F- 4 HENNESSY
CAPITAL ACQUISITION CORP. IV STATEMENTS
OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS’ EQUITY For
the year ended December 31, 2019 and for
the period from August 6, 2018 (date of inception) to December 31, 2018 Common Stock | Additional | Retained Earnings
Class A Shares | Amount | Class B Shares | Amount | Paid-in Capital | (Accumulated Deficit) | Stockholders’ Equity
Sale of Class B common stock to Sponsor at approximately $0.003 per share (as restated, Note 4) | - | $ | - | 7,503,750 | $ | 1,000 | $ | 24,000 | $ | - | $ | 25,000
Net loss | - | - | - | - | - | (3,000 | ) | (3,000 | )
Balances, December 31, 2018 | - | - | 7,503,750 | 1,000 | 24,000 | (3,000 | ) | 22,000
Sponsor forfeiture of shares | - | - | (871,930 | ) | - | - | - | -
Anchor Investor purchase of shares | - | - | 871,930 | - | 3,000 | - | 3,000
Sale of Units to the public at $10.00 per Unit | 30,015,000 | 3,000 | - | - | 300,147,000 | - | 300,150,000
Underwriters’ discount and offering expenses | - | - | - | - | (18,865,000 | ) | - | (18,865,000 | )
Sale of 13,581,500 Private Placement Warrants at $1.00 per warrant | - | - | - | - | 13,582,000 | - | 13,582,000
Change in Class A common stock subject to possible redemption | (28,817,019 | ) | (3,000 | ) | - | - | (291,049,000 | ) | - | (291,052,000 | )
Net income | - | - | - | - | - | 1,160,000 | 1,160,000
Balances, December 31, 2019 | 1,197,981 | $ | - | 7,503,750 | $ | 1,000 | $ | 3,842,000 | $ | 1,157,000 | $ | 5,000,000 See
accompanying notes to financial statements F- 5 HENNESSY
CAPITAL ACQUISITION CORP. IV STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS For the Year Ended December 31, 2019 | For the period From August 6, (date of inception) to December 31, 2018
Cash flows from operating activities:
Net income (loss) | $ | 1,160,000 | $ | (3,000 | )
Adjustments to reconcile net income (loss) to net cash used in operating activities:
Interest income retained in Trust Account | (5,523,000 | )
Changes in operating assets and liabilities:
Increase in prepaid expenses | (50,000 | )
Increase in accounts payable | 46,000
Increase in accrued liabilities | 2,116,000 | 3,000
Increase in deferred compensation | 116,000
Net cash used in operating activities | (2,135,000 | ) | -
Cash flows from investing activities:
Cash deposited in Trust Account | (303,152,000 | ) | -
Cash withdrawn from Trust Account for taxes | 1,337,000 | -
Net cash used in investing activities | (301,815,000 | ) | -
Cash flows from financing activities:
Proceeds from sale of stock to Sponsor | - | 25,000
Proceeds from sale of stock to Anchor Investor | 3,000 | -
Proceeds from Note payable to Sponsor | 210,000 | 90,000
Proceeds from sale of Units to the public | 300,150,000 | -
Proceeds from sale of Private Placement Warrants | 13,582,000 | -
Payment of underwriting discounts | (7,830,000 | ) | -
Payment of offering costs | (747,000 | ) | (109,000 | )
Payment of Note payable to Sponsor | (300,000 | ) | -
Net cash provided by financing activities | 305,068,000 | 6,000
Net increase in cash | 1,118,000 | 6,000
Cash at beginning of period | 6,000 | -
Cash at end of period | $ | 1,124,000 | $ | 6,000
Supplemental disclosure of non-cash financing activities:
Deferred underwriters’ compensation | $ | 10,179,000 | -
Cash paid for income taxes | $ | 1,137,000 | -
Deferred offering costs included in accounts payable and accrued liabilities | $ | - | $ | 123,000 See
accompanying notes to financial statements F- 6 HENNESSY
CAPITAL ACQUISITION CORP. IV Notes
to Financial Statements NOTE
1 – DESCRIPTION OF ORGANIZATION AND BUSINESS OPERATIONS Organization
and General: Hennessy
Capital Acquisition Corp. IV (the “Company”) was incorporated in Delaware on August 6, 2018. The Company was formed
for the purpose of effecting a merger, capital stock exchange, asset acquisition, stock purchase, reorganization or similar business
combination with one or more businesses (the “Business Combination”). The Company is an “emerging growth company,”
as defined in Section 2(a) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the “Securities Act,” as modified by the
Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act of 2012 (the “JOBS Act”). At
December 31, 2019, the Company had not commenced any operations. All activity for the period from August 6, 2018 (date of inception)
to December 31, 2019 relates to the Company’s formation and the initial public offering (“Public Offering”)
described below and, subsequent to the Public Offering, identifying and completing a suitable Business Combination. The Company
will not generate any operating revenues until after completion of the Business Combination, at the earliest. The Company generates
non-operating income in the form of interest income on cash and cash equivalents from the proceeds derived from the Public Offering. Sponsor
and Financing: The
Company’s sponsor is Hennessy Capital Partners IV LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (the “Sponsor”).
The registration statement for the Public Offering (as described in Note 3) was declared effective by the United States Securities
and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”) on February 28, 2019. The Company intends to finance a Business Combination with
proceeds from the $300,150,000 Public Offering (Note 3) and a $13,581,500 Private Placement (as defined in Note 4). Upon the closing
of the Public Offering and the Private Placement, $303,151,500 was deposited in a trust account (the “Trust Account”). The
Trust Account: The
funds in the Trust Account may be invested only in U.S. government treasury bills with a maturity of one hundred and eighty (180)
days or less or in money market funds meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 under the Investment Company Act of 1940 which
invest only in direct U.S. government obligations. Funds will remain in the Trust Account until the earlier of (i) the consummation
of its initial Business Combination or (ii) the distribution of the Trust Account as described below. The remaining funds outside
the Trust Account may be used to pay for business, legal and accounting due diligence on prospective acquisition targets and continuing
general and administrative expenses. The
Company’s amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that, other than the withdrawal of interest to pay
tax obligations, if any (less up to $100,000 interest to pay dissolution expenses), none of the funds held in trust will be released
until the earliest of: (a) the completion of the Initial Business Combination, (b) the redemption of any public shares properly
submitted in connection with a stockholder vote to amend the Company’s amended and restated certificate of incorporation
(i) to modify the substance or timing of the Company’s obligation to redeem 100% of the public shares if the Company does
not complete the initial Business Combination within 18 months from the closing of the Public Offering or (ii) with respect to
any other provision relating to stockholders’ rights or pre-Business Combination activity, and (c) the redemption of the
public shares if the Company is unable to complete the initial Business Combination within 18 months from the closing of the Public
Offering, subject to applicable law. The proceeds deposited in the Trust Account could become subject to the claims of creditors,
if any, which could have priority over the claims of the public stockholders. At
December 31, 2019, the Company has invested approximately $307,327,000 of the funds in the Trust Account in U.S. government treasury
bills maturing in June 2020, leaving approximately $11,000 in cash in the Trust Account. Business
Combination: The
Company’s management has broad discretion with respect to the specific application of the net proceeds of the Public Offering,
although substantially all of the net proceeds of the Public Offering are intended to be generally applied toward consummating
a Business Combination with (or acquisition of) a Target Business. As used herein, “Target Business” is one or more
target businesses that together have a fair market value equal to at least 80% of the balance in the Trust Account (less the deferred
underwriting commissions and taxes payable on interest earned) at the time of signing a definitive agreement in connection with
the Company’s initial Business Combination. There is no assurance that the Company will be able to successfully effect a
Business Combination. F- 7 The
Company, after signing a definitive agreement for a Business Combination, will either (i) seek stockholder approval of the Business
Combination at a meeting called for such purpose in connection with which stockholders may seek to redeem their shares, regardless
of whether they vote for or against the Business Combination, for cash equal to their pro rata share of the aggregate amount then
on deposit in the Trust Account as of two business days prior to the consummation of the initial Business Combination, including
interest but less taxes payable, or (ii) provide stockholders with the opportunity to have their shares redeemed by the Company
by means of a tender offer (and thereby avoid the need for a stockholder vote) for an amount in cash equal to their pro rata share
of the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account as of two business days prior to commencement of the tender offer,
including interest but less taxes payable. The decision as to whether the Company will seek stockholder approval of the Business
Combination or will allow stockholders to sell their shares in a tender offer will be made by the Company, solely in its discretion,
and will be based on a variety of factors such as the timing of the transaction and whether the terms of the transaction would
otherwise require the Company to seek stockholder approval unless a vote is required by the rules of the Nasdaq Capital Market.
If the Company seeks stockholder approval, it will complete its Business Combination only if a majority of the outstanding shares
of Class A and Class B common stock voted are voted in favor of the Business Combination. However, in no event will the Company
redeem its public shares in an amount that would cause its net tangible assets to be less than $5,000,001 upon consummation of
a Business Combination. In such case, the Company would not proceed with the redemption of its public shares and the related Business
Combination, and instead may search for an alternate Business Combination. If
the Company holds a stockholder vote or there is a tender offer for shares in connection with a Business Combination, a public
stockholder will have the right to redeem its shares for an amount in cash equal to its pro rata share of the aggregate amount
then on deposit in the Trust Account as of two business days prior to the consummation of the initial Business Combination, including
interest but less taxes payable. As a result, such shares of Class A common stock are recorded at redemption amount and classified
as temporary equity upon the completion of the Public Offering, in accordance with FASB ASC 480, “Distinguishing Liabilities
from Equity.” The amount in the Trust Account was initially $10.10 per public share, which equals the $303,151,500 deposited
in the Trust Account divided by 30,015,000 public shares. The
Company will only have 18 months, or until September 5, 2020, from the closing date of the Public Offering to complete its initial
Business Combination. If the Company does not complete a Business Combination within this period of time, it shall (i) cease all
operations except for the purposes of winding up; (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible, but not more than ten business days
thereafter, redeem the public shares of Class A common stock for a per share pro rata portion of the Trust Account, including
interest, but less taxes payable (less up to $100,000 of such net interest to pay dissolution expenses) and (iii) as promptly
as possible following such redemption, dissolve and liquidate the balance of the Company’s net assets to its creditors and
remaining stockholders, as part of its plan of dissolution and liquidation. The initial stockholders have waived their rights
to participate in any redemption with respect to their Founder Shares (as defined in Note 4); however, if the initial stockholders
or any of the Company’s officers, directors or affiliates acquire shares of Class A common stock in or after the Public
Offering, they will be entitled to a pro rata share of the Trust Account upon the Company’s redemption or liquidation in
the event the Company does not complete a Business Combination within 18 months from the closing of the Public Offering. In
the event of such distribution, it is possible that the per share value of the residual assets remaining available for distribution
(including Trust Account assets) will be less than the price per Unit in the Public Offering. Mandatory
Liquidation and Going Concern The
Company only has 18 months from the closing date of the Public Offering (until September 5, 2020) to complete its initial Business
Combination. If the Company does not complete its initial Business Combination by September 5, 2020, the Company will (i) cease
all operations except for the purposes of winding up; (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible, but not more than ten business
days thereafter, redeem the public shares of Class A common stock for a per share pro rata portion of the Trust Account, including
interest, but less taxes payable (and less up to $100,000 of such net interest to pay dissolution expenses) and (iii) as promptly
as possible following such redemption, dissolve and liquidate the balance of the Company’s net assets to its creditors and
remaining stockholders, as part of its plan of dissolution and liquidation. The initial stockholders have waived their rights
to participate in any redemption with respect to their Founder Shares; however, if such initial stockholders or any of the Company’s
officers, directors or affiliates acquire shares of Class A common stock in or after the Public Offering, they will be entitled
to a pro rata share of the Trust Account for such shares upon the Company’s redemption or liquidation in the event the Company
does not complete a Business Combination within the required time period. F- 8 Although the
Company had negative working capital of approximately $1,107,000 at December 31, 2019, the Company’s largest creditors,
representing approximately $2,075,000 of liabilities, are professionals, consultants and advisors who continue to be owed
money by the Company but are expected to continue assisting the Company with completing a Business Combination. As
such, the Company believes, but cannot assure, that its approximately $1,024,00 of cash at December 31, 2019 represents
sufficient liquidity to fund the Company’s operations until September 5, 2020, the date by which the Company must
complete an initial Business Combination. In
connection with the Company’s assessment of going concern considerations in accordance with generally accepted
accounting principles, management has determined that this mandatory liquidation and subsequent dissolution raises
substantial doubt about the Company’s ability to continue as a going concern. No adjustments have been made to the
carrying amounts of assets or liabilities should the Company be required to liquidate after September 5, 2020. NOTE
2 – SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES Basis
of Presentation: The
accompanying financial statements have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United
States of America (“GAAP”) and pursuant to the accounting and disclosure rules and regulations of the Securities and
Exchange Commission (“SEC”). Certain
items from the prior year balance sheet have been reclassified to conform to the current year presentation. All dollar amounts
are rounded to the nearest thousand dollars. Emerging
Growth Company: Section
102(b)(1) of the JOBS Act exempts emerging growth companies from being required to comply with new or revised financial accounting
standards until private companies (that is, those that have not had a Securities Act registration statement declared effective
or do not have a class of securities registered under the Exchange Act) are required to comply with the new or revised financial
accounting standards. The JOBS Act provides that a company can elect to opt out of the extended transition period and comply with
the requirements that apply to non-emerging growth companies but any such an election to opt out is irrevocable. The Company has
elected not to opt out of such extended transition period which means that when an accounting standard is issued or revised and
it has different application dates for public or private companies, the Company, as an emerging growth company, can adopt the
new or revised standard at the time private companies adopt the new or revised standard. Net
Income (Loss) per Share: Net
income (loss) per common share is computed by dividing net income (loss) applicable to common stockholders by the weighted average
number of shares of common stock outstanding for the period. The Company has not considered the effect of the warrants sold in
the Public Offering and Private Placement to purchase an aggregate of 36,092,750 Class A ordinary shares in the calculation of
diluted income (loss) per share, since their inclusion would be anti-dilutive under the treasury stock method. As a result, diluted
income (loss) per common share is the same as basic loss per common share for the period. Because there is no longer uncertainty
of forfeiture of 937,500 shares of Class B common stock in connection with the Public Offering, the weighted average number of
shares outstanding used to compute net loss per share for the period from August 6, 2018 (date of inception) to December 31, 2018
has been retroactively restated to eliminate the reduction for shares subject to forfeiture. Also see Note 4 regarding the restatement
of outstanding Founder Shares for a stock dividend in February 2019. F- 9 The
Company’s statements of operations include a presentation of income (loss) per share for common stock subject to redemption
in a manner similar to the two-class method of income (loss) per share. Net income (loss) per share, basic and diluted for Class
A common stock is calculated by dividing the interest income earned on the funds in the Trust Account, net of income tax expense
and franchise tax expense, by the weighted average number of shares of Class A common stock outstanding since their original issuance.
Net income (loss) per common share, basic and diluted, for shares of Class B common stock is calculated by dividing the net income
(loss), less income attributable to Class A common stock, by the weighted average number of shares of Class B common stock outstanding
for the period. Net income (loss) available to each class of common stockholders is as follows for the years ended December 31,
2019 and 2018: Year ended December 31, 2019 | For the period from August 6, 2018 (date of inception) to December 31, 2018
Net income available to Class A common stockholders:
Interest income | $ | 5,523,000 | $ | -
Less: Income and franchise taxes | (1,310,000 | ) | -
Net income attributable to Class A common stockholders | $ | 4,213,000 | $ | -
Net income available to Class B common stockholders:
Net income (loss) | $ | 1,160,000 | $ | (3,000 | )
Less: amount attributable to Class A common stockholders | (4,213,000 | ) | -
Net (loss) attributable to Class B common stockholders | $ | (3,053,000 | ) | $ | (3,000 | ) Concentration
of Credit Risk: Financial
instruments that potentially subject the Company to concentrations of credit risk consist of cash accounts in a financial institution,
which at times, may exceed the Federal depository insurance coverage of $250,000. The Company has not experienced losses on these
accounts and management believes the Company is not exposed to significant risks on such accounts. Financial
Instruments: The
fair value of the Company’s assets and liabilities, which qualify as financial instruments under FASB ASC 820,
“Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures,” approximates the carrying amounts represented in the financial statements. Use
of Estimates: The
preparation of financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America
requires the Company’s management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities
and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements. Actual results could differ from
those estimates. Deferred
Offering Costs: The
Company complies with the requirements of the FASB ASC 340-10-S99-1 and SEC Staff Accounting Bulletin (SAB) Topic 5A — “Expenses
of Offering”. Costs incurred in connection with preparation for the Public Offering (approximately $18,865,000) including
underwriters’ discount, have been charged to equity upon completion of the Public Offering. Income
Taxes: The
Company follows the asset and liability method of accounting for income taxes under FASB ASC 740, “Income Taxes.”
Deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the estimated future tax consequences attributable to differences between
the balance sheet carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases. Deferred tax assets and
liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which those temporary differences
are expected to be recovered or settled. The effect on deferred tax assets and liabilities of a change in tax rates is recognized
in income in the period that included the enactment date. Valuation allowances are established, when necessary, to reduce deferred
tax assets to the amount expected to be realized. The
Company’s currently taxable income consists of interest income on the Trust Account net of taxes. The Company’s
general and administrative costs are generally considered start-up costs and are not currently deductible. During the year
ended December 31, 2019 and the period from August 6, 2018 (date of inception) to December 31, 2018, the Company recorded
income tax expense of approximately $1,110,000 and $0, respectively, primarily related to interest income earned on the Trust
Account net of taxes. The Company’s effective tax rate for the years ended December 31, 2019 and 2018 is approximately
49% and 0%, respectively, which differs from the expected income tax rate due to the start-up costs (discussed above and
including costs of exploring various potential Business Combinations) which are not currently deductible. At December 31,
2019 and 2018, the Company has a deferred tax asset of approximately $640,000 and $-0-, respectively, primarily related to
start-up costs. Management has determined that a full valuation allowance of the deferred tax asset is appropriate at this
time. F- 10 FASB
ASC 740 prescribes a recognition threshold and a measurement attribute for the financial statement recognition and measurement
of tax positions taken or expected to be taken in a tax return. For those benefits to be recognized, a tax position must be more-likely-than-not
to be sustained upon examination by taxing authorities. There were no unrecognized tax benefits as of December 31, 2019 or 2018.
The Company recognizes accrued interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits as income tax expense. No amounts were
accrued for the payment of interest and penalties at December 31, 2019 or 2018. The Company is currently not aware of any issues
under review that could result in significant payments, accruals or material deviation from its position. The Company is subject
to income tax examinations by major taxing authorities since inception. Redeemable
Common Stock: As
discussed in Note 3, all of the 30,015,000 public shares sold as part of Units in the Public Offering in 2019 contain a redemption
feature which allows for the redemption of public shares if the Company holds a stockholder vote or there is a tender offer for
shares in connection with a Business Combination. In accordance with FASB ASC 480, redemption provisions not solely within the
control of the Company require the security to be classified outside of permanent equity. Ordinary liquidation events, which involve
the redemption and liquidation of all of the entity’s equity instruments, are excluded from the provisions of FASB ASC 480.
Although the Company did not specify a maximum redemption threshold, its charter provides that in no event will it redeem its
public shares in an amount that would cause its net tangible assets (stockholders’ equity) to be less than $5,000,001 upon
the closing of a Business Combination. The
Company recognizes changes in redemption value immediately as they occur and adjusts the carrying value of the securities at the
end of each reporting period. Increases or decreases in the carrying amount of redeemable common stock are affected by adjustments
to additional paid-in capital. Accordingly, at December 31, 2019 and 2018, 28,817,019 and -0-, respectively, of the 30,015,000
public shares were classified outside of permanent equity. Recent
Accounting Pronouncements: In
July 2017, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (“FASB”) issued Accounting Standards Update (“ASU”)
2017-11, Earnings Per Share (Topic 260), Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity (Topic 480) and Derivatives and Hedging (Topic
815): Part I. Accounting for Certain Financial Instruments with Down Round Features; Part II. Replacement of the Indefinite Deferral
for Mandatorily Redeemable Financial Instruments of Certain Nonpublic Entities and Certain Mandatorily Redeemable Non-controlling
Interests with a Scope Exception. Part I of this update addresses the complexity of accounting for certain financial instruments
with down round features. Down round features are features of certain equity-linked instruments (or embedded features) that result
in the strike price being reduced on the basis of the pricing of future equity offerings. Also, entities must adjust their basic
Earnings Per Share (“EPS”) calculation for the effect of the down round provision when triggered (that is, when the
exercise price of the related equity-linked financial instrument is adjusted downward because of the down round feature). That
effect is treated as a dividend and as a reduction of income available to common shareholders in basic EPS. An entity will also
recognize the effect of the trigger within equity. The guidance is effective for fiscal years, and interim periods within those
fiscal years, beginning after December 15, 2018. The Company adopted this guidance during the year ended December 31, 2019. The
adoption of this guidance enabled the Company to record the warrants as equity instruments and is not expected to have a material
impact on the Company’s financial position, results of operations, cash flows or disclosures until a trigger event occurs.
Part II of this update addresses the difficulty of navigating Topic 480, Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity, because of the
existence of extensive pending content in the FASB Accounting Standards Codification. This pending content is the result of the
indefinite deferral of accounting requirements about mandatorily redeemable financial instruments of certain nonpublic entities
and certain mandatorily redeemable non-controlling interests. The amendments in Part II of this update are not expected to have
an impact on the Company. Management
does not believe that any other recently issued, but not yet effective, accounting pronouncements, if currently adopted, would
have a material effect on the Company’s financial statements. F- 11 Subsequent
Events: Management
has evaluated subsequent events to determine if events or transactions occurring after the date of the financial statements but
before the financial statements were issued, require potential adjustment to or disclosure in the financial statements and has
concluded that all such events that would require adjustment or disclosure have been recognized or disclosed. NOTE
3 – PUBLIC OFFERING On
March 5, 2019, the Company completed the Public Offering for the sale of 30,015,000 units at a price of $10.00 per unit (the “Units”).
Each Unit consists of one share of the Company’s Class A common stock, $0.0001 par value and three-quarters of one redeemable
warrant (the “Warrants”). Each whole Warrant offered in the Public Offering is exercisable to purchase one share of
Class A common stock. Under the terms of the warrant agreement, the Company has agreed to use its best efforts to file a new registration
statement under the Securities Act, following the completion of the Company’s initial Business Combination. No fractional
Warrants will be issued upon separation of the Units and only whole Warrants will trade. Accordingly, unless a holder purchases
a multiple of four Units, the number of Warrants issuable to such holder upon separation of the Units will be rounded down to
the nearest whole number of Warrants. Each Warrant will become exercisable on the later of 30 days after the completion of the
Company’s initial Business Combination or 12 months from the closing of the Public Offering and will expire five years after
the completion of the Company’s initial Business Combination or earlier upon redemption or liquidation. However, if the
Company does not complete its initial Business Combination on or prior to the 18-month period allotted to complete the Business
Combination, the Warrants will expire at the end of such period. If the Company is unable to deliver registered shares of Class
A common stock to the holder upon exercise of a Warrant during the exercise period, there will be no net cash settlement of these
Warrants and the Warrants will expire worthless, unless they may be exercised on a cashless basis in the circumstances described
in the warrant agreement. Once the Warrants become exercisable, the Company may redeem the outstanding Warrants in whole and not
in part at a price of $0.01 per Warrant upon a minimum of 30 days’ prior written notice of redemption, only in the event
that the last reported sale price of the Company’s shares of Class A common stock equals or exceeds $18.00 per share for
any 20 trading days within the 30-trading day period ending on the third trading day before the Company sends the notice of redemption
to the Warrant holders. In
addition, if the Company issues additional shares of common stock or equity-linked securities for capital raising purposes in
connection with the closing of its initial Business Combination at an issue price or effective issue price of less than $9.20
per share of common stock (with such issue price or effective issue price to be determined in good faith by the Company’s
board of directors and, in the case of any such issuance to the initial stockholders or their affiliates, without taking into
account any Founder Shares held by them, as applicable, prior to such issuance) (the “newly issued price”), the exercise
price of the Warrants and the Private Placement Warrants (as defined below) will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal
to 115% of the newly issued price. The
Company granted the underwriters a 45-day option to purchase up to 3,915,000 additional Units to cover any over-allotments, at
the Public Offering price less the underwriting discounts and commissions. The underwriters exercised their over-allotment option
in full and closed on the proceeds from the over-allotment option on March 5, 2019. The Warrants issued in connection with the
3,915,000 over-allotment units are identical to the public Warrants and have no net cash settlement provisions. The
Company paid an underwriting discount of 3.0% (or 0% in the case of Units sold to cover any over-allotments) of the per Unit price
to the underwriters at the closing of the Public Offering ($7,830,000), with an additional fee (the “Deferred Discount”)
of 3.0% (or 6.0% in the case of Units sold to cover any over-allotments) of the gross offering proceeds payable upon the consummation
of the initial Business Combination ($10,179,000). The Deferred Discount will become payable to the underwriters from the amounts
held in the Trust Account solely in the event the Company completes its initial Business Combination. In
connection with the Public Offering, an underwriter of the Public Offering entered into a forward purchase agreement with the
Company, which provides for the purchase by that underwriter of public shares for an aggregate purchase price of $125 million
through, other than as described below, open market purchases or privately negotiated transactions with one or more third parties.
In lieu of purchasing an aggregate of $125 million of public shares in the open market or privately negotiated transactions, up
to $75 million of such aggregate purchase price may instead be in the form of an investment in the Company’s equity securities
on terms to be mutually agreed between that underwriter and the Company, to occur concurrently with the closing of Business Combination.
The decision to make such an investment in other equity securities will not reduce the aggregate purchase price of the forward
purchase agreement. However, that underwriter will be excused from its purchase obligation in connection with a specific Business
Combination unless, within ten calendar days following written notice delivered by the Company of its intention to enter into
such Business Combination, that underwriter notifies the Company that it has decided to proceed with the purchase in whole or
in part. That underwriter may decide not to proceed with the purchase for any reason, including, without limitation, if it has
determined that such purchase would constitute a conflict of interest. F- 12 NOTE
4 – RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS Founder
Shares In
September 2018, the Sponsor purchased 7,187,500 shares of Class B common stock (the “Founder Shares”) for $25,000,
or approximately $0.003 per share. In October 2018, the Sponsor transferred 75,000 founder shares to each of the Company’s
six independent directors, 300,000 shares to our Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Secretary, and 225,000
shares to our President and Chief Operating Officer. In January 2019, the Sponsor forfeited 871,930 shares of Class B common stock
and certain funds and accounts managed by subsidiaries of BlackRock, Inc. (collectively, the “Anchor Investor”) purchased
871,930 shares of Class B common stock for an aggregate purchase price of approximately $3,000, or approximately $0.003 per share.
On February 28, 2019, the Company effected a stock dividend for approximately 0.05 shares for each of the Company’s shares
of Class B common stock, resulting in the Company’s initial stockholders holding an aggregate of 7,503,750 Founder Shares.
The financial statements have been retroactively restated to reflect the issuance of the stock dividend in all periods presented.
Following the stock dividend, the Company’s officers and directors retransferred an aggregate of 48,823 Founder Shares to
the Sponsor and the Anchor Investor waived its right to the stock dividend. The Founder Shares are identical to the Class A common
stock included in the Units sold in the Public Offering except that the Founder Shares automatically convert into shares of Class
A common stock at the time of the initial Business Combination and are subject to certain transfer restrictions, as described
in more detail below. The Sponsor and the Anchor Investor had agreed to forfeit up to 978,750 Founder Shares to the extent that
the over-allotment option was not exercised in full by the underwriters. The over-allotment option was exercised in full and therefore
no shares were forfeited. The
Company’s initial stockholders have agreed not to transfer, assign or sell any of their Founder Shares until the earlier
of (A) one year after the completion of the Company’s initial Business Combination, or (B), subsequent to the Company’s
initial Business Combination, if (x) the last reported sale price of the Company’s Class A common stock equals or exceeds
$12.00 per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading
days within any 30-trading day period commencing at least 150 days after the Company’s initial Business Combination or (y)
the date on which the Company completes a liquidation, merger, stock exchange or other similar transaction after the initial Business
Combination that results in all of the Company’s stockholders having the right to exchange their shares of common stock
for cash, securities or other property. Private
Placement Warrants The
Sponsor and the Anchor Investor purchased from the Company an aggregate of 13,581,500 warrants at a price of $1.00 per warrant
(an aggregate purchase price of $13,581,500), in a private placement (the “Private Placement”) that occurred simultaneously
with the completion of the Public Offering (the “Private Placement Warrants”). Each whole Private Placement Warrant
entitles the holder to purchase one share of Class A common stock at $11.50 per share. A portion of the purchase price of the
Private Placement Warrants was added to the proceeds from the Public Offering deposited in the Trust Account pending completion
of the Company’s initial Business Combination. The Private Placement Warrants (including the Class A common stock issuable
upon exercise of the Private Placement Warrants) will not be transferable, assignable or salable until 30 days after the completion
of the initial Business Combination and they will be non-redeemable so long as they are held by the Sponsor, the Anchor Investor
or their permitted transferees. If the Private Placement Warrants are held by someone other than the Sponsor, the Anchor Investor
or their permitted transferees, the Private Placement Warrants will be redeemable by the Company and exercisable by such holders
on the same basis as the warrants included in the Units sold in the Public Offering. Otherwise, the Private Placement Warrants
have terms and provisions that are identical to those of the Warrants sold as part of the Units in the Public Offering and have
no net cash settlement provisions. In
addition, if the Company issues additional shares of common stock or equity-linked securities for capital raising purposes in
connection with the closing of its initial Business Combination at an issue price or effective issue price of less than $9.20
per share of common stock (with such issue price or effective issue price to be determined in good faith by the Company’s
board of directors and, in the case of any such issuance to the initial stockholders or their affiliates, without taking into
account any Founder Shares held by them, as applicable, prior to such issuance) (the “newly issued price”), the exercise
price of the Private Placement Warrants will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to 115% of the newly issued price. F- 13 If
the Company does not complete a Business Combination, then the proceeds from the sale of the Private Placement Warrants will be
part of the liquidating distribution to the public stockholders and the Private Placement Warrants issued to the Sponsor will
expire worthless. Registration
Rights The
Company’s initial stockholders and the holders of the Private Placement Warrants are entitled to registration rights pursuant
to a registration rights agreement signed on the date of the prospectus for the Public Offering. These holders are entitled to
make up to three demands, excluding short form registration demands, that the Company register such securities for sale under
the Securities Act. In addition, these holders have “piggy-back” registration rights to include their securities in
other registration statements filed by the Company. The Company will bear the expenses incurred in connection with the filing
of any such registration statements. There will be no penalties associated with delays in registering the securities under the
registration rights agreement. Related
Party Loans In
August 2018, the Sponsor agreed to loan the Company an aggregate of $300,000 by drawdowns of not less than $10,000 each against
the issuance of an unsecured promissory note (the “Note”) to cover expenses related to the Public Offering. The Note
was non-interest bearing and payable on the earlier of March 31, 2019 or the completion of the Public Offering. In
September 2018, January 2019 and February 2019, the Company drew down $90,000, $75,000 and $135,000, respectively, from the Note
in order to fund expenses of the Public Offering and leaving a balance on the Note at February 27, 2019 of $300,000. On March
5, 2019, the Note was repaid in full in connection with the closing of the Public Offering. Administrative
Support Agreement and Other Matters The
Company has agreed to pay $15,000 a month for office space, utilities and secretarial and administrative support to an affiliate
of the Sponsor, Hennessy Capital LLC. Services commenced on the date the securities were first listed on the Nasdaq Capital Market
and will terminate upon the earlier of the consummation by the Company of an initial Business Combination or the liquidation of
the Company. The financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2019 and the period from August 6, 2018 (date of inception)
to December 31, 2018 include a charge for $150,000 and $0, respectively, for such administrative support. Also,
commencing on the date the securities were first listed on the Nasdaq Capital Market, the Company has agreed to compensate its
Chief Financial Officer $29,000 per month for his services prior to the consummation of the Company’s initial Business Combination,
of which 60% is payable currently in cash and 40% is payable upon the completion of the Company’s initial Business Combination.
The financial statements at December 31, 2019 include an accrued liability for approximately $116,000 for the deferred portion
of this compensation. Approximately $290,000 and $0, respectively, was charged to operations for the year ended December 31, 2019
and for the period from August 6, 2018 (date of inception) to December 31, 2018 for the aggregate of cash and deferred compensation. Further,
the Company’s President and Chief Operating Officer will be entitled to a $500,000 cash fee from the Company upon the successful
completion of the Company’s initial Business Combination. No amounts have been accrued in the December 31, 2019 financial
statements for this fee as the underlying event (completion of the Business Combination) that would trigger this payment is not
certain. NOTE
5 - TRUST ACCOUNT AND FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENT The
Company complies with FASB ASC 820, Fair Value Measurements, for its financial assets and liabilities that are re-measured and
reported at fair value at each reporting period, and non-financial assets and liabilities that are re-measured and reported at
fair value at least annually. Upon
the closing of the Public Offering and the Private Placement, a total of approximately $303,151,500 was deposited into the Trust
Account. The proceeds in the Trust Account may be invested in either U.S. government treasury bills with a maturity of 180 days
or less or in money market funds meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended,
and that invest solely in U.S. government treasury obligations. F- 14 At
December 31, 2019, the proceeds of the Trust Account were invested primarily in U.S. government treasury bills that mature in
June 2020, which yield interest of approximately 1.55% per year. In March 2020, the Company liquidated these U.S. government
treasury bills and invested the proceeds in a money market fund that invests solely in U.S. government treasury obligations
(as discussed above). The Company classifies its U.S. government treasury bills and equivalent securities as held-to-maturity
in accordance with FASB ASC 320, “Investments – Debt and Equity Securities.” Held-to-maturity securities
are those securities which the Company has the ability and intent to hold until maturity. Held-to-maturity U.S. government
treasury bills are recorded at amortized cost on the accompanying December 31, 2019 balance sheet and adjusted for the
amortization of discounts. The
following table presents information about the Company’s assets that are measured at fair value on a recurring basis as
of December 31, 2019 and indicates the fair value hierarchy of the valuation techniques the Company utilized to determine such
fair value. Since all of the Company’s permitted investments at December 31, 2019 consisted of U.S. government treasury
bills and money market funds that invest only in U.S. government treasury bills, fair values of its investments are determined
by Level 1 inputs utilizing quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities as follows: Description | Carrying value at December 31, 2019 | Gross Unrealized Holding Gains | Quoted Price Prices in Active Markets (Level 1)
Assets:
Cash and money market funds | $ | 11,000 | $ | - | $ | 11,000
U.S. government treasury bills | 307,327,000 | 6,000 | 307,333,000
Total | $ | 307,338,000 | $ | 6,000 | $ | 307,344,000 In
June, September and December 2019, the Company withdrew an aggregate of approximately $1,337,000 from the Trust Account to pay
estimated 2019 income and franchise taxes. NOTE
6 – STOCKHOLDERS’ EQUITY Common
Stock The
authorized common stock of the Company is 110,000,000 shares, including 100,000,000 shares of Class A common stock, par value,
$0.0001, and 10,000,000 shares of Class B common stock, par value, $0.0001. The Company may (depending on the terms of the Business
Combination) be required to increase the authorized number of shares at the same time as its stockholders vote on the Business
Combination to the extent the Company seeks stockholder approval in connection with its Business Combination. Holders of the Company’s
Class A and Class B common stock vote together as a single class and are entitled to one vote for each share of Class A and Class
B common stock they own. At December 31, 2019 and 2018, there were 7,503,750 and 7,503,750 shares, respectively, of Class B common
stock issued and outstanding and 1,197,981 and no shares, respectively, of Class A common stock issued and outstanding (excluding
28,817,019 shares at December 31, 2019 subject to possible redemption). Preferred
Stock The
Company is authorized to issue 1,000,000 shares of preferred stock, par value $0.0001, with such designations, voting and other
rights and preferences as may be determined from time to time by the Company’s board of directors. At December 31, 2019
and 2018, there were no shares of preferred stock issued or outstanding. F- 15 SIGNATURES Pursuant
to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this Report to be signed
on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. March 16, 2020 | HENNESSY CAPITAL ACQUISITION CORP. IV
By: | /s/ Daniel J. Hennessy
Name: | Daniel J. Hennessy
Title: | Chairman of the Board of Directors and Chief Executive Officer
( Principal Executive Officer ) Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this Report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf
of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. Name | Position | Date
/s/ Daniel J. Hennessy | Chairman of the Board of Directors and Chief Executive Officer | March 16, 2020
Daniel J. Hennessy | (Principal Executive Officer )
/s/ Greg Ethridge | President and Chief Operating Officer and Director | March 16, 2020
Greg Ethridge
/s/ Nicholas A. Petruska | Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Secretary | March 16, 2020
Nicholas A. Petruska | ( Principal Financial and Accounting Officer )
/s/ Bradley Bell | Director | March 16, 2020
Bradley Bell
/s/ Richard Burns | Director | March 16, 2020
Richard Burns
/s/ Juan Carlos Mas | Director | March 16, 2020
Juan Carlos Mas
/s/ Gretchen W. McClain | Director | March 16, 2020
Gretchen W. McClain
/s/ James F. O’Neil III | Director | March 16, 2020
James F. O’Neil III
/s/ Peter K. Shea | Director | March 16, 2020
Peter K. Shea 77