S-3 1 forms-3.htm As
filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on October 31, 2022 Registration
No. 333- UNITED
STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington,
D.C. 20549 FORM
S-3 REGISTRATION
STATEMENT UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933 AST
SpaceMobile, Inc. (Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter) Delaware | 4812 | 84-2027232
(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) | (Primary Standard Industrial Classification Code Number) | (I.R.S. Employer Identification Number) Midland
International Air & Space Port 2901 Enterprise Lane Midland, Texas 79706 (432) 276-3966 (Address, including zip code, and telephone number, including area code, of registrant’s principal executive offices) Abel
Avellan Chief Executive Officer Midland International Air & Space Port 2901 Enterprise Lane Midland, Texas 79706 (432) 276-3966 (Name, address, including zip code, and telephone number, including area code, of agent for service) With
copies to: Jared M. Fishman Sullivan & Cromwell LLP 125 Broad Street New York, New York 10004 Tel: (212) 558-4000 Approximate
date of commencement of proposed sale to the public: From time to time after this registration
statement becomes effective . If
any of the securities being registered on this Form are to be offered on a delayed or continuous basis pursuant to Rule 415 under the
Securities Act of 1933 (the “Securities Act”) check the following box. ☒ If
this Form is filed to register additional securities for an offering pursuant to Rule 462(b) under the Securities Act, please check the
following box and list the Securities Act registration statement number of the earlier effective registration statement for the same
offering. ☐ If
this Form is a post-effective amendment filed pursuant to Rule 462(c) under the Securities Act, check the following box and list the
Securities Act registration statement number of the earlier effective registration statement for the same offering. ☐ If
this Form is a post-effective amendment filed pursuant to Rule 462(d) under the Securities Act, check the following box and list the
Securities Act registration statement number of the earlier effective registration statement for the same offering. ☐ Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting
company or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of “large accelerated filer,” “accelerated filer,”
“smaller reporting company” and “emerging growth company” in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. Large accelerated filer | ☐ | Accelerated filer | ☐
Non-accelerated filer | ☒ | Smaller reporting company | ☒
Emerging growth company | ☒ If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the Securities Act. ☐ The
registrant hereby amends this registration statement on such date or dates as may be necessary to delay its effective date until the
registrant shall file a further amendment which specifically states that this registration statement shall thereafter become effective
in accordance with Section 8(a) of the Securities Act of 1933 or until the registration statement shall become effective on such date
as the SEC, acting pursuant to said Section 8(a), may determine. The information in this
preliminary prospectus is not complete and may be changed. These securities may not be sold until the registration statement filed with
the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission is effective. The preliminary prospectus is not an offer to sell these securities and does
not constitute the solicitation of offers to buy these securities in any jurisdiction where the offer or sale is not permitted . SUBJECT
TO COMPLETION, DATED October 31, 2022 AST
SPACEMOBILE, INC. $500,000,000 Class
A Common Stock Preferred Stock Debt Securities Depositary Shares Warrants Purchase Contracts Units Subscription Rights From
time to time, in one or more series, we may offer to sell the securities identified above. This prospectus describes some of the general
terms that may apply to these securities and the general manner in which they may be offered. The specific terms of any securities to
be offered, and the specific manner in which they may be offered, will be described in the applicable prospectus supplement to this prospectus.
A prospectus supplement may also add, update or change information contained in this prospectus. The aggregate offering price of the
securities we sell pursuant to this prospectus will not exceed $500,000,000. This prospectus may not be used to offer or sell securities
unless accompanied by the applicable prospectus supplement describing the method and terms of the applicable offering. Our
shares of Class A Common Stock are listed on The Nasdaq Global Select Market (“Nasdaq”) under the symbol “ASTS.”
On October 28, 2022, the closing sale price per share of our Class A Common Stock was $6.52. Our public warrants are
listed on Nasdaq under the symbol “ASTSW.” On October 28, 2022, the closing sale price per public warrant was $2.46. We
may offer and sell the securities directly, through agents, dealers or underwriters as designated from time to time, or through a combination
of these methods. Investing
in our securities involves certain risks. You should carefully read this prospectus and the applicable prospectus supplement, together
with the documents incorporated by reference, before you make your investment decision. See the “Risk Factors” section beginning
on page 3 of this prospectus. Neither
the Securities and Exchange Commission nor any state securities commission has approved or disapproved of the securities to be issued
under this prospectus or determined if this prospectus is truthful or complete. Any representation to the contrary is a criminal offense. The
date of this prospectus is , 2022. TABLE
OF CONTENTS Page ABOUT THIS PROSPECTUS | 1
CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS | 2
RISK FACTORS | 3
OUR COMPANY | 4
USE OF PROCEEDS | 6
DESCRIPTION OF SECURITIES | 7
PLAN OF DISTRIBUTION | 22
LEGAL MATTERS | 24
EXPERTS | 25
WHERE YOU CAN FIND MORE INFORMATION; INCORPORATION BY REFERENCE | 26 You
should rely only on the information contained in this prospectus. No one has been authorized to provide you with information that is
different from that contained in this prospectus. This prospectus is dated as of the date set forth on the cover hereof. You should not
assume that the information contained in this prospectus is accurate as of any date other than that date. TRADEMARKS This
document contains references to trademarks and service marks belonging to other entities. Solely for convenience, trademarks and trade
names referred to in this prospectus may appear without the ® or ™ symbols, but such references are not intended to indicate,
in any way, that the applicable licensor will not assert, to the fullest extent under applicable law, its rights to these trademarks
and trade names. We do not intend our use or display of other companies’ trade names, trademarks or service marks to imply a relationship
with, or endorsement or sponsorship of us by, any other companies. - i - CERTAIN
DEFINED TERMS Unless
the context otherwise requires, references in this prospectus to: ● | “A&R Operating Agreement” refers to that certain Fifth Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company Operating Agreement of AST LLC. ● | “American Tower” refers to ATC TRS II LLC, a Delaware limited liability company. ● | “AST Equityholders” refers to Avellan, Invesat, Vodafone, American Tower, Samsung and Rakuten USA. ● | “AST LLC” refers to AST & Science, LLC, a Delaware limited liability corporation. ● | “AST LLC Common Unit” means a unit of ownership interest in AST LLC, which entitles the holder thereof to the distributions, allocations and other rights under the A&R Operating Agreement. ● | “Avellan” refers to Abel Avellan. ● | “Board of Directors” refers to our board of directors. ● | “Business Combination” refers to the transactions contemplated by the Equity Purchase Agreement. ● | “Bylaws” are to our Amended and Restated Bylaws. ● | “Charter” are to our Second Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation. ● | “Class A Common Stock” means the shares of class A common stock, par value $0.0001 per share, of the Company. ● | “Class B Common Stock” means the shares of class B common stock, par value $0.0001 per share, of the Company. ● | “Class C Common Stock” means the shares of class C common stock, par value $0.0001 per share, of the Company. ● | “Class C Share Voting Amount” is to the “Class C Share Voting Amount,” as such term is defined in the Charter, which is a number of votes per share equal to (i) (x) 88.3%, minus (y) the total voting power of the outstanding stock of SpaceMobile (other than Class C Common Stock) owned or controlled by Avellan and his permitted transferees, divided by (ii) the number of shares of Class C Common Stock then outstanding. ● | “Closing” refers to the completion of the Business Combination. ● | “Common Stock” refers collectively to Class A Common Stock, Class B Common Stock and Class C Common Stock. ● | “Equity Purchase Agreement” refers to that certain Equity Purchase Agreement, dated as of December 15, 2020, by and among AST & Science, LLC, New Providence Acquisition Corp., New Providence Management LLC, the AST Existing Equityholder Representative and the Existing Equityholders. - ii - ● | “Exchange Act” refers to the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. ● | “Existing Equityholder(s)” refers to the equityholders of AST LLC pursuant to the Prior AST Operating Agreement. ● | “Invesat” refers to Invesat LLC, a Delaware limited liability company. ● | “IoT” refers to internet of things. ● | “Prior AST Operating Agreement” refers to that certain Fourth Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company Operating Agreement of AST LLC. ● | “Public Warrants” refers to the warrants sold by the Company as part of the units in its initial public offering and any additional warrants issued pursuant to the Warrant Agreement that trade with the outstanding public warrants. ● | “Rakuten USA” refers to Rakuten Mobile USA Service Inc., a Delaware corporation. ● | “Samsung” refers to Samsung Next Fund LLC, a Delaware venture capital investment fund. ● | “SpaceMobile Service” refers to the global direct mobile broadband network that is expected to provide connectivity to any standard, unmodified, off-the-shelf mobile phone or 2G/3G/4G LTE/5G and IoT enabled device from the Company’s satellite network. ● | “Sponsor” refers to New Providence Acquisition Management LLC, a Delaware limited liability company. ● | “Stockholder Parties” refers collectively to Sponsor and the AST Equityholders. ● | “Stockholders’ Agreement” refers to that certain Stockholders’ Agreement, dated as of April 6, 2021, by and among the Company and the Stockholder Parties. ● | “Sunset Date” refers to the Sunset Date described in the Stockholders’ Agreement, which is the earliest to occur of (i) Avellan’s retirement or resignation from the Board of Directors, (ii) the date on which Avellan and his permitted transferees beneficially own less than 20% of the Class A Common Stock that Avellan beneficially owns as of immediately after the Closing and (iii) Avellan’s death or permanent incapacitation. ● | “Vodafone” refers to Vodafone Ventures Limited, a private limited company incorporated under the laws of England and Wales. ● | “Warrant Agreement” refers to that certain Warrant Agreement, dated as of September 13, 2019, between Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company and the Company. ● | “2G,” “3G” and “5G” each refer to generations of mobile technology. ● | “4G LTE” refers to fourth generation long-term evolution. Additionally,
references in this prospectus to “SpaceMobile,” the “Company,” the “registrant,” “we,”
“us” and “our” in this prospectus refer to AST SpaceMobile, Inc. (formerly known as New Providence Acquisition
Corp.), and references to our “management” or our “management team” refer to our officers and directors. - iii - ABOUT
THIS PROSPECTUS This
prospectus is part of a registration statement that we filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission,
or SEC, using a “shelf” registration process. Under this shelf registration process, we may sell any combination of
the securities described in this prospectus in one or more offerings up to a total aggregate offering price of $500,000,000 (or the equivalent
thereof in any other currency). This prospectus provides you with a general description of the securities we may offer. Each
time we sell securities under this prospectus, we will provide a prospectus supplement that will contain specific information about the
terms of that offering. We may also authorize one or more free writing prospectuses to be provided to you that may contain material information
relating to these offerings. The prospectus supplement and any related free writing prospectus that we may authorize to be provided to
you may also add, update or change information contained in this prospectus or in any documents that we have incorporated by reference
into this prospectus. You should read this prospectus, any applicable prospectus supplement and any related free writing prospectus,
together with the information incorporated herein by reference as described under the heading “ Where
You Can Find More Information ”, before investing in any of the securities offered. 1 CAUTIONARY
NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS Certain
statements in this prospectus may constitute “forward-looking statements” for purposes of the federal securities laws. Forward-looking
statements include, but are not limited to, statements regarding our expectations, hopes, beliefs, intentions or strategies regarding
the future. In addition, any statements that refer to projections, forecasts or other characterizations of future events or circumstances,
including any underlying assumptions, are forward-looking statements. Words such as “expect,” “believe,” “anticipate,”
“intend,” “estimate,” “seek” and variations and similar words and expressions are intended to identify
such forward-looking statements, but the absence of these words does not mean that a statement is not forward-looking. Forward-looking
statements in this prospectus may include, for example, statements about: ● | our strategies and future financial performance, including our business plans or objectives, products and services, pricing, marketing plans, operating expenses, market trends, revenues, liquidity, cash flows, uses of cash and capital expenditures; ● | expected functionality of the SpaceMobile Service and performance of our satellites, including results of ongoing testing of the BlueWalker 3 test satellite; ● | anticipated timing and level of deployment of satellites and anticipated demand and acceptance of the SpaceMobile service; ● | anticipated costs necessary to execute on our business plan, which costs are preliminary estimates and are subject to change based upon a variety of factors, including but not limited to our success in launching the BlueWalker 3 test satellite and our constellation of satellites; ● | prospective performance and commercial opportunities and competitors; ● | our ability to finance our operations and research and development activities; ● | commercial partnership acquisition and retention; ● | the negotiation of definitive agreements with Mobile Network Operators relating to the SpaceMobile Service that would supersede preliminary agreements and memoranda of understanding; ● | our success in retaining or recruiting, or changes required in, our officers, key employees or directors; ● | our expansion plans and opportunities, including the size of our addressable market; ● | our ability to comply with domestic and foreign regulatory regimes and the timing of obtaining regulatory approvals; ● | our ability to invest in growth initiatives and enter into new geographic markets; ● | the impact of the novel coronavirus (“COVID-19”) pandemic and global macroeconomic conditions; ● | the possibility we may be adversely affected by other economic, business, and/or competitive factors; ● | our ability to deal appropriately with conflicts of interest in the ordinary course of our business; and ● | other factors detailed under the section entitled “Risk Factors.” These
forward-looking statements are based on information available as of the date of this prospectus and current expectations, forecasts and
assumptions, and involve a number of judgments, risks and uncertainties. Accordingly, forward-looking statements should not be relied
upon as representing our views as of any subsequent date, and we do not undertake any obligation to update forward-looking statements
to reflect events or circumstances after the date they were made, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise,
except as may be required under applicable securities laws. As
a result of a number of known and unknown risks and uncertainties, our actual results or performance may be materially different from
those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. You should not place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements. 2 RISK
FACTORS Investing
in our securities involves risks. You should carefully review the risk factors contained under the heading “Risk Factors”
in our most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K and any risk factors that we may describe in our Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, or Current
Reports on Form 8-K filed subsequently, which risk factors are incorporated by reference in this prospectus, the information contained
under the heading “Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements” in this prospectus or under any similar heading
in any applicable prospectus supplement or in any document incorporated herein or therein by reference, any specific risk factors discussed
under the caption “Risk Factors” in any applicable prospectus supplement or in any document incorporated herein or therein
by reference and the other information contained in, or incorporated by reference in, this prospectus or any applicable prospectus supplement
before making an investment decision. The risks and uncertainties described in our SEC filings are not the only ones facing us. Additional
risks and uncertainties not presently known to us, or that we currently see as immaterial, may also harm our business. If any such risks
and uncertainties actually occur, our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and prospects could be materially
and adversely affected, the market price of our securities could decline, and you could lose all or part of your investment. See “Where
You Can Find More Information; Incorporation by Reference” and “Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements.” 3 OUR
COMPANY We
and our global partners are building what we believe is the first space-based cellular broadband network designed to be accessible by
standard mobile phones. Our SpaceMobile Service is expected to provide cost-effective, high-speed mobile broadband services with global
coverage to end-users, regardless of where they live or work, without the need to purchase special equipment. We believe the SpaceMobile
Service would be the first global direct mobile broadband network using Low Earth Orbit (“LEO”) satellites to provide connectivity
to any standard, unmodified, off-the-shelf mobile phone or 2G/3G/4G LTE/5G and IoT-enabled device. We intend to work with Mobile Network
Operators (“MNOs”) to offer the SpaceMobile Service to the MNOs’ end-user customers. Our vision is that users will
not need to subscribe to the SpaceMobile Service directly with us, nor will they need to purchase any new or additional equipment. Instead,
users will be able to access the SpaceMobile Service when prompted on their mobile device that they are no longer within range of the
land-based facilities of the MNO operator or will be able to purchase a plan directly with their existing mobile provider. The
SpaceMobile Service currently is planned to be provided through a network of 168 high-powered, large phased-array satellites in LEO.
The worldwide mobile traffic will be directed by the SpaceMobile constellation to terrestrial gateways via high throughput Q/V-band links
and then directed to the in-country MNO’s core cellular network infrastructure, located at our dedicated gateways. Our intent is
that users will be able to connect to the SpaceMobile Service as if they were using a local cell tower, with less communication delay
effects than existing geostationary satellite communication systems experience. On
April 1, 2019, we launched our first test satellite, BlueWalker 1, which was used to validate our satellite to cellular architecture
and was capable of managing communications delays from LEO and the effects of doppler in a satellite to ground cellular environment using
the 4G-LTE protocols. We
successfully launched our BlueWalker 3 (“BW3”) test satellite on September 10, 2022. The BW3 test satellite has an aperture
of 693 square feet and is designed to communicate directly with mobile phones via 3GPP standard frequencies. As of the date of this report,
the BW3 test satellite is in orbit and undergoing testing to prepare for the unfolding of its phased array antenna. As of September 30,
2022, we had incurred approximately $92.0 million of capitalized costs (including launch cost and non-recurring engineering costs) related
to the assembly, testing and deployment of the BW3 test satellite. We expect to incur certain post-deployment costs related to the BW3
test satellite, including software integration testing. We
are also currently developing and designing our constellation of BlueBird (“BB”) satellites. We plan to leverage skills,
know-how and technological expertise derived from the design and assembly of our BW3 test satellite in the development of our BB satellite
platform. We are currently planning the first generation of commercial BB satellites (“Block 1 BB Satellites”) utilizing
the BB satellite platform. We expect the Block 1 BB Satellites will be of similar size and weight to the BW3 test satellite and have
design improvements for enhanced power efficiency and throughput designed to increase capacity. We currently expect to launch five Block
1 BB Satellites in late 2023. Following the launch and deployment of five Block 1 BB Satellites, we currently plan to initiate a limited,
noncontinuous SpaceMobile Service in certain countries and seek to generate revenue from such service. Prior to initiating such service,
we will need to obtain regulatory approvals in each jurisdiction where we would provide such service and would need to enter into definitive
agreements with the MNOs relating to the offering of such service in each jurisdiction. We
believe the deployment of Block 1 BB Satellites and subsequent initiation of limited service may provide numerous benefits including
a potential first mover advantage and helping to demonstrate the advantages of a satellite to cellular service in the marketplace. This
market activity can commence while we continue the development and testing of the next generation of the BB satellites. Our future generations
of BB satellites are expected to derive greater throughput by taking advantage of growing improvements in the processing power of our
radio frequency systems and the power output of our solar arrays as well as the capacity advantages of deploying larger size antennas.
We currently plan to achieve substantial global coverage following the launch of approximately 110 BB satellites. Following the completion
of substantial global coverage, we expect to introduce MIMO capabilities which would complete the constellation of 168 satellites. The
timeline for the development and commercialization of our BB satellites has been, and continues to be, subject to numerous uncertainties,
many of which are beyond our control, including satisfactory and timely completion of satellite components and assembly and testing of
the satellites, availability of launch windows by the launch providers, proposed orbits and resulting satellite coverage, launch costs,
ability to enter into agreements with MNOs, regulatory approvals, and other factors. Accordingly, we may adopt a deployment and commercialization
strategy that may differ materially from our previous and/or current plans. 4 The
SpaceMobile Service has not yet generated revenue. After we begin to launch and deploy our Block 1 BB Satellites, we currently plan to
initiate a limited, noncontinuous SpaceMobile Service in certain countries and seek to generate revenue from such service. We plan to
deploy our BB satellites in a phased approach over time and expect to offer continuous coverage SpaceMobile Service in targeted geographical
locations once we have deployed the necessary number of satellites for each area. We may adopt a strategy for commercial launch of the
SpaceMobile Service, including the nature and type of services offered and the countries where we may launch such services, that may
differ materially from our current plan. We
operate from multiple locations that include our corporate headquarters and 185,000 square foot satellite assembly, integrating and testing
facilities in Texas, and engineering and development locations in the United States, Israel, Spain, and the United Kingdom. We are currently
industrializing the assembly, integration, and testing processes for the future production of the BB satellites. We are making the necessary
capital investments in the assembly, integration and testing (“AIT”) facility in Texas. We are hiring, and expect to continue
hiring, assembly, integration, and testing employees necessary for the production of the BB satellites and engineers that will be required
to test and integrate the BB satellites. Also, we are continuing to implement and integrate various systems, such as product lifecycle
management, manufacturing execution system, enterprise resource planning system, and other systems required to industrialize the manufacturing
processes of the BB satellites. We are also actively engaged with the third-party vendors to secure supply of components and materials
for our BB satellites. Furthermore, we are continuing to expand our research and development (“R&D”) efforts for the
development of electronics required for BB satellites and cellular and ground infrastructure and gateways. In
March 2022, we entered into a Multi-Launch Agreement with Space Exploration Technologies Corp. (“SpaceX”) which provides
a framework for future launches of our satellites through December 31, 2024, and a framework for additional launch service agreements
relating to the launch of future BB satellites. The exact timing of the satellite launches is contingent on a number of factors, including
satisfactory and timely completion of assembly and testing of the BB satellites. The Multi-Launch Agreement permits us to delay launches
of our satellites upon payment of certain rebooking fees. We
have received an experimental license from the Federal Communications Commission (“FCC”) supporting our U.S.-based testing
of the BW3 test satellite. The license covers BW3 test satellite space-to-ground testing in the United States using 3GPP low-band cellular
frequencies and Q/V-band frequencies, subject to certain restrictions. We require additional authorizations, including operating licenses
from the FCC and other regulators for our planned constellation of BB satellites. On
April 6, 2021, we completed the Business Combination with New Providence Acquisition Corp. (“NPA”), under which NPA was renamed
“AST SpaceMobile, Inc.,” and we were organized as an umbrella partnership-C corporation (“Up-C”) structure. As
a result of our Up-C structure, we are a holding company and, accordingly, all the business of AST LLC is held directly by AST LLC, of
which we are the Managing Member, and our only direct asset consists of the AST LLC Common Units. As the Managing Member of AST LLC,
we have full, exclusive and complete discretion to manage and control the business of AST LLC and to take all action we deem necessary,
appropriate, advisable, incidental or convenient to accomplish the purposes of AST LLC set forth in the A&R Operating Agreement,
and, accordingly, we present our financial statements on a consolidated basis with AST LLC for all periods following the Business Combination.
As of the open of trading on April 7, 2021, the Class A Common Stock and warrants of AST SpaceMobile, formerly those of NPA, began trading
on Nasdaq as “ASTS” and “ASTSW,” respectively. Our
principal executive offices are located at Midland International Air & Space Port, 2901 Enterprise Lane, Midland, Texas 79706, and
our telephone number is (432) 276-3966. Our website address is www.ast-science.com. Information contained on our website is not a part
of this prospectus, and the inclusion of our website address in this prospectus is an inactive textual reference only. 5 USE
OF PROCEEDS We
intend to use the net proceeds from the sales of the securities in the manner set forth in the applicable prospectus supplement, which
may include general corporate purposes. 6 DESCRIPTION
OF SECURITIES The
descriptions of the securities contained in this prospectus, together with the applicable prospectus supplements, summarize all of the
material terms and provisions of the various types of securities that we may offer. The following summary is not intended to be a complete
summary of the rights and preferences of our securities. The full text of the Charter and Bylaws is included as exhibits to the registration
statement of which this prospectus forms a part. You are encouraged to read the applicable provisions of Delaware law, the Charter and
the Bylaws in their entirety for a complete description of the rights and preferences of our securities. We will describe in the applicable
prospectus supplement relating to any securities the particular terms of the securities offered by that prospectus supplement. If we
indicate in the applicable prospectus supplement, the terms of the securities may differ from the terms we have summarized below. We
may also include in the prospectus supplement information about material United States federal income tax considerations relating to
the securities, and the securities exchange, if any, on which the securities will be listed. Common
Stock Voting Under
our Charter, holders of Class A Common Stock, Class B Common Stock and Class C Common Stock will vote together as a single class on all
matters submitted to the stockholders for their vote or approval, except as required by applicable law. Holders of Class A Common Stock
and Class B Common Stock are entitled to one vote per share on all matters submitted to the stockholders for their vote or approval.
Prior to the Sunset Date, the holders of Class C Common Stock are entitled to the lesser of (i) 10 votes per share and (ii) the Class
C Share Voting Amount on all matters submitted to stockholders for their vote or approval. From and after the Sunset Date, which, as
defined in the Stockholders’ Agreement, is the earliest to occur of (i) the retirement or resignation of Avellan from the Board
of Directors, (ii) the date on which Avellan and his permitted transferees beneficially own less than 20% of the Class A Common Stock
that Avellan beneficially owns as of immediately after the closing of the initial business combination contemplated by that certain Equity
Purchase Agreement, dated as of December 15, 2020, by and among AST LLC, New Providence Acquisition Corp., New Providence Management
LLC, the AST Existing Equityholder Representative and the Equity Purchase Agreement and (iii) Avellan’s death or permanent incapacitation,
holders of Class C Common Stock will be entitled to one vote per share. As
of the date of this prospectus, Avellan and his permitted transferees control, as a group, approximately 88.3% of the combined voting
power of the Common Stock as a result of their ownership of all of the Class C Common Stock. Accordingly, Avellan controls the Company’s
business policies and affairs and can control any action requiring the general approval of its stockholders, including the election of
our Board of Directors, the adoption of amendments to its certificate of incorporation and bylaws and approval of any merger or sale
of substantially all of its assets. Until the Sunset Date, Avellan will continue to control the outcome of matters submitted to the stockholders. Dividends The
holders of Class A Common Stock are entitled to receive dividends, as and if declared by our Board of Directors out of legally available
funds. With respect to stock dividends, holders of Class A Common Stock must receive Class A Common Stock. The
holders of Class B Common Stock and Class C Common Stock will not have any right to receive dividends other than stock dividends consisting
of shares of Class B Common Stock or Class C Common Stock, as applicable, in each case paid proportionally with respect to each outstanding
share of Class B Common Stock or Class C Common Stock. Liquidation
or Dissolution Upon
our liquidation or dissolution, the holders of all classes of Common Stock are entitled to their respective par value, and the holders
of Class A Common Stock will then be entitled to share ratably in those of our assets that are legally available for distribution to
stockholders after payment of liabilities and subject to the prior rights of any holders of preferred stock then outstanding. Other than
their par value, the holders of Class B Common Stock and Class C Common Stock will not have any right to receive a distribution upon
a liquidation or dissolution of the Company. 7 Conversion,
Transferability and Exchange Subject
to the terms of the A&R Operating Agreement, the members of AST LLC (other than the Company) may from time to time cause AST LLC
to redeem any or all of their units of ownership interest in AST LLC which entitle the holder thereof to the distributions, allocations
and other rights under the A&R Operating Agreement in exchange for, at the Company’s election (subject to certain exceptions),
either cash (based on the market price for a share of the Class A Common Stock) (the “Existing Equityholder Cash Out”) or
shares of Class A Common Stock (the “Existing Equityholder Share Settlement”); provided that the Company’s election
to effect such redemption as an Existing Equityholder Cash Out or an Existing Equityholder Share Settlement must be approved by a committee
of our Board of Directors comprised solely of directors who were not nominated pursuant to the Stockholders’ Agreement or other
contractual right by, and are not otherwise affiliated with, holders of Class B Common Stock or Class C Common Stock. At the Company’s
election, such transaction may be effectuated via a direct exchange of Class A Common Stock or cash by the Company for the redeemed AST
LLC Common Units (an “Existing Equityholder Direct Exchange”). Our
Charter provides that (a) if a holder of Class B Common Stock exercises either the Existing Equityholder Cash Out, or the Existing Equityholder
Share Settlement or the Existing Equityholder Direct Exchange (collectively, the “Existing Equityholder Conversion”), then
the number of shares of Class B Common Stock held by such holder equal to the number of AST LLC Common Units so redeemed, cashed out
or exchanged will automatically be cancelled by the Company for no consideration, and (b) if a holder of Class C Common Stock (i) exercises
the Existing Equityholder Cash Out or (ii) exercises the Existing Equityholder Share Settlement or the Existing Equityholder Direct Exchange
and subsequently transfers the Class A Common Stock issued in connection with such redemption and exchange to a person or entity other
than Avellan and his permitted transferees, then the number of Class C Common Stock held by such holder equal to the number of AST LLC
Common Units so redeemed and exchanged then transferred or cashed out will automatically be cancelled by the Company for no consideration.
If Avellan and his permitted transferees exercise the Existing Equityholder Conversion, then the voting power of the Class C Common Stock
is reduced commensurate with the voting power of the newly issued Class A Common Stock. The voting power of the Class C Common Stock
will be further adjusted if Avellan or his permitted transferees transfer Class A Common Stock to a person or entity that is not Avellan
or his permitted transferees. We
may not issue Class B Common Stock or Class C Common Stock such that after the issuance of Class B Common Stock or Class C Common Stock
the holder of such stock does not hold an identical number of AST LLC Common Units. Other
Provisions None
of the Class A Common Stock, Class B Common Stock or Class C Common Stock has any preemptive or other subscription rights. Preferred
Stock We
are authorized to issue up to 100,000,000 shares of preferred stock. Our Board of Directors is authorized, subject to limitations prescribed
by Delaware law and our Charter, to determine the terms and conditions of the preferred stock, including whether the shares of preferred
stock will be issued in one or more series, the number of shares to be included in each series and the powers (including the voting power),
designations, preferences and rights of the shares. Our Board of Directors will also be authorized to designate any qualifications, limitations
or restrictions on the shares without any further vote or action by the stockholders. The issuance of preferred stock may have the effect
of delaying, deferring or preventing a change in control of the Company and may adversely affect the voting and other rights of the holders
of Class A Common Stock, Class B Common Stock and Class C Common Stock, which could have a negative impact on the market price of the
Class A Common Stock. 8 Exclusive
Forum Our
Bylaws provide that, to the fullest extent permitted by law, and unless we provide notice in writing to the selection of an alternative
forum, the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware will be the sole and exclusive forum for (i) any derivative action or proceeding
brought on our behalf, (ii) any action asserting a claim of breach of a fiduciary duty owed to us or to our stockholders by any of our
directors, officers, employees or agents, (iii) any action asserting a claim arising pursuant to any provision of the General Corporation
Law of the State of Delaware (the “DGCL”), our Charter or our Bylaws or as to which the DGCL confers jurisdiction on the
Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware or (iv) any action asserting a claim governed by the internal affairs doctrine, in each such
case subject to such Court of Chancery having personal jurisdiction over the indispensable parties named as defendants therein. Our Bylaws
further provide that the federal district courts of the United States will be the exclusive forum for resolving any complaint asserting
a cause of action arising under the Securities Act. There is uncertainty as to whether a court would enforce such a provision relating
to causes of action arising under the Securities Act, and investors cannot waive compliance with the federal securities laws and the
rules and regulations thereunder. The clauses described above will not apply to suits brought to enforce a duty or liability created
by the Exchange Act or any other claim for which the federal courts have exclusive jurisdiction. Anti-Takeover
Effects of Provisions of Our Charter and Bylaws The
provisions of our Charter and Bylaws and of the DGCL summarized below may have an anti-takeover effect and may delay, defer or prevent
a tender offer or takeover attempt that you might consider in your best interest, including an attempt that might result in your receipt
of a premium over the market price for your shares of Class A Common Stock. Our
Charter and Bylaws contain certain provisions that are intended to enhance the likelihood of continuity and stability in the composition
of our Board of Directors and that may have the effect of delaying, deferring or preventing our future takeover or change in control
unless such takeover or change in control is approved by our Board of Directors. These
provisions include: Action
by Written Consent; Special Meetings of Stockholders . Our Charter provides that stockholder action can be taken only at an annual
or special meeting of stockholders and cannot be taken by written consent in lieu of a meeting. Our Charter and Bylaws also provide that,
subject to any special rights of the holders of any series of preferred stock and except as otherwise required by applicable law, special
meetings of the stockholders can only be called by our Board of Directors, the chairman of our Board of Directors, or, until the earlier
of (i) the Sunset Date or (ii) the time we are no longer a “controlled company,” by our secretary at the request of holders
representing a majority of the total voting power of our issued and outstanding capital stock entitled to vote in the election of directors,
voting together as a single class. Except as described above, stockholders are not permitted to call a special meeting or to require
our Board of Directors to call a special meeting. Advance
Notice Procedures . Our Bylaws establish an advance notice procedure for stockholder proposals to be brought before an annual meeting
of our stockholders, and for stockholder nominations of persons for election to our Board of Directors to be brought before an annual
or special meeting of stockholders. Stockholders at an annual meeting will only be able to consider proposals or nominations specified
in the notice of meeting or brought before the meeting by or at the direction of our Board of Directors or by a stockholder who was a
stockholder of record on the record date for the meeting, who is entitled to vote at the meeting and who has given our Secretary timely
written notice, in proper form, of the stockholder’s intention to bring that business or nomination before the meeting. Although
our Bylaws do not give our Board of Directors the power to approve or disapprove stockholder nominations of candidates or proposals regarding
other business to be conducted at a special or annual meeting, as applicable, our Bylaws may have the effect of precluding the conduct
of certain business at a meeting if the proper procedures are not followed or may discourage or deter a potential acquirer from conducting
a solicitation of proxies to elect its own slate of directors or otherwise attempting to obtain control of us. 9 Authorized
But Unissued Shares . Our authorized but unissued shares of Common Stock and preferred stock will be available for future issuance
without stockholder approval, subject to, in the case of the Class A Common Stock, the rules of the securities exchange on which the
Class A Common Stock is listed. These additional shares may be utilized for a variety of corporate purposes, including future public
offerings to raise additional capital, corporate acquisitions, in connection with the redemption or exchange of AST LLC Common Units
and employee benefit plans. The existence of authorized but unissued shares of Common Stock and preferred stock, coupled with the extraordinary
voting right of the Class C Common Stock, could render more difficult or discourage an attempt to obtain control of a majority of our
Common Stock by means of a proxy contest, tender offer, merger or otherwise. Business
Combinations with Interested Stockholders . Our Charter provides that we are not subject to Section 203 of the DGCL, an anti-takeover
law. In general, Section 203 prohibits a publicly held Delaware corporation from engaging in a business combination, such as a merger,
with an “interested stockholder” (which includes a person or group owning 15% or more of the corporation’s voting stock)
for a period of three years following the date the person became an interested stockholder, unless (with certain exceptions) the business
combination or the transaction in which the person became an interested stockholder is approved in a prescribed manner. Accordingly,
we are not subject to any anti-takeover effects of Section 203. Limitations
on Liability and Indemnification of Officers and Directors Our
Bylaws limit the liability of our directors and officers to the fullest extent permitted by the DGCL and provide that we will provide
them with customary indemnification and advancement and prepayment of expenses. We have entered into customary indemnification agreements
with each of our executive officers and directors that provide them, in general, with customary indemnification in connection with their
service to us or on our behalf. Our
Bylaws provide that, to the fullest extent permitted by law, and unless we provide notice in writing to the selection of an alternative
forum, the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware will be the sole and exclusive forum for (i) any derivative action, suit or proceeding
brought on our behalf, (ii) any action asserting a claim of breach of a fiduciary duty owed to us or to our stockholders by any of our
directors, officers, employees or agents, (iii) any action, suit or proceeding arising pursuant to any provision of the DGCL or our Charter
or Bylaws or (iv) any action, suit or proceeding asserting a claim against us governed by the internal affairs doctrine, in each such
case subject to such Court of Chancery having personal jurisdiction over the indispensable parties named as defendants therein. Our Charter
further provides that the federal district courts of the United States will be the exclusive forum for resolving any complaint asserting
a cause of action arising under the Securities Act. There is uncertainty as to whether a court would enforce such a provision relating
to causes of action arising under the Securities Act, and investors cannot waive compliance with the federal securities laws and the
rules and regulations thereunder. The clauses described above will not apply to suits brought to enforce a duty or liability created
by the Exchange Act or any other claim for which the federal courts have exclusive jurisdiction. Transfer
Agent and Registrar The
transfer agent for our Common Stock is Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company. Each person investing in our Class A Common Stock
held through The Depository Trust Company must rely on the procedures thereof and on institutions that have accounts therewith to exercise
any rights of a holder of our Class A Common Stock. For
as long as any shares of our Class A Common Stock are listed on Nasdaq or on any other stock exchange operating in the United States,
the laws of the State of New York shall apply to the property law aspects of our Class A Common Stock (including securities exercisable
for or convertible into our Class A Common Stock) reflected in the register administered by our transfer agent. We
have listed shares of our Class A Common Stock in registered form and such shares, through the transfer agent, will not be certificated.
We have appointed Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company as our agent in New York to maintain our stockholders’ register
on behalf of our Board of Directors and to act as transfer agent and registrar for our Class A Common Stock. Shares of our Class A Common
Stock are traded on Nasdaq in book-entry form. The
warrant agent for the warrants is Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company. 10 Debt
Securities—Senior Debt Securities and Subordinated Debt Securities We
may sell debt securities, including senior debt securities and subordinated debt securities, which may be senior or subordinated in priority
of payment. We will provide a prospectus supplement that describes the ranking, whether senior or subordinated, the level of seniority
or subordination (as applicable), the specific designation, the aggregate principal amount, the purchase price, the maturity, the redemption
terms, the interest rate or manner of calculating the interest rate, the time of payment of interest, if any, the terms for any conversion
or exchange, including the terms relating to the adjustment of any conversion or exchange mechanism, the listing, if any, on a securities
exchange and any other specific terms of any debt securities that we may issue from time to time. As
required by U.S. federal law for all bonds and notes of companies that are publicly offered, our debt securities will be governed by
a document called an indenture. Senior debt securities will be issued under a senior indenture and subordinated debt securities will
be issued under a subordinated indenture, in each case, with the specific terms and conditions set forth in a supplemental indenture
or company order. Unless
otherwise stated in the applicable prospectus supplement, the aggregate principal amount of debt securities that may be issued under
the applicable indenture is unlimited. The debt securities may be issued in one or more series as may be authorized from time to time.
The prospectus supplement relating to any series of debt securities will describe the specific terms of such debt securities. Unless
otherwise stated in the applicable prospectus supplement, we may issue additional debt securities of a particular series without the
consent of the holders of the debt securities of such series or any other series outstanding at the time of issuance. Any such additional
debt securities, together with all other outstanding debt securities of that series, will constitute a single series of securities under
the applicable indenture. United
States federal income tax consequences and special considerations, if any, applicable to any such series will be described in the applicable
prospectus supplement. Unless otherwise stated in the applicable prospectus supplement, the debt securities will not be listed on any
securities exchange. We
expect the debt securities to be issued in fully registered form without coupons. Subject to the limitations provided in the applicable
indenture and in the applicable prospectus supplement, debt securities that are issued in registered form may be transferred or exchanged
at the designated corporate trust office of the trustee, without the payment of any service charge, other than any tax or other governmental
charge payable in connection therewith. Unless
otherwise stated in the applicable prospectus supplement, the debt securities of a series may be issued in whole or in part in the form
of one or more global securities that will be deposited with, or on behalf of, a depositary identified in the applicable prospectus supplement.
Global securities will be issued in registered form and in either temporary or definitive form. Unless and until it is exchanged in whole
or in part for the individual debt securities, a global security may not be transferred except as a whole by the depositary for such
global security to a nominee of such depositary or by a nominee of such depositary to such depositary or another nominee of such depositary
or by such depositary or any such nominee to a successor of such depositary or a nominee of such successor. The specific terms of the
depositary arrangement with respect to any debt securities of a series and the rights of and limitations upon owners of beneficial interests
in a global security will be described in the applicable prospectus supplement. The
law governing the indenture and the debt securities will be identified in the prospectus supplement relating to the applicable indenture
and debt securities. Depositary
Shares The
following description, together with the additional information we include in any applicable prospectus supplement, summarizes the material
terms and provisions of the depositary shares and depositary receipts that we may offer under this prospectus. While the terms we have
summarized below will generally apply to any future depositary shares or depositary receipts we may offer under this prospectus, we will
describe the particular terms of any depositary shares or depositary receipts that we may offer in more detail in the applicable prospectus
supplement. 11 We
will incorporate by reference into the registration statement of which this prospectus is a part the form of deposit agreement that describes
the terms of the depositary shares and depositary receipts we may offer before the issuance thereof. The following summary is subject
to, and qualified in its entirety by reference to, all provisions of the deposit agreement applicable to a particular offering of depositary
shares or depositary receipts. We urge you to read any applicable prospectus supplement related to the depositary shares or depositary
receipts that we sell under this prospectus, as well as the complete deposit agreement. Description
of Depositary Shares We
may offer depositary shares evidenced by depositary receipts. Each depositary share represents a fraction or a multiple of a share of
the particular series of preferred stock issued and deposited with a depositary to be designated by us. The fraction or the multiple
of a share of preferred stock which each depositary share represents will be set forth in the applicable prospectus supplement. We will
deposit the preferred shares of any series of preferred stock represented by depositary shares according to the provisions of a deposit
agreement to be entered into between us and a bank or trust company which we will select as our preferred stock depositary. We will name
the depositary in the applicable prospectus supplement. Each holder of a depositary share will be entitled to all the rights and preferences
of the underlying preferred stock in proportion to the applicable fraction or multiple of a share of preferred stock represented by the
depositary share. These rights may include dividend, voting, redemption, conversion and liquidation rights. The depositary will send
the holders of depositary shares all reports and communications that we deliver to the depositary and which we are required to furnish
to the holders of depositary shares. Depositary
Receipts The
depositary shares will be evidenced by depositary receipts issued pursuant to the deposit agreement. Depositary receipts will be distributed
to anyone who is buying the fractional shares of preferred stock in accordance with the terms of the applicable prospectus supplement.
While definitive engraved depositary receipts (certificates) are being prepared, we may instruct the depositary to issue temporary depositary
receipts, which will entitle holders to all the rights of the definitive depositary receipts and be substantially in the same form. The
depositary will prepare definitive depositary receipts without unreasonable delay, and we will pay for the exchange of your temporary
depositary receipts for definitive depositary receipts. Withdrawal
of Preferred Stock Unless
the related depositary shares have previously been called for redemption, a holder of depositary shares may receive the number of whole
shares of the related series of preferred stock and any money or other property represented by the holder’s depositary receipts
after surrendering the depositary receipts at the corporate trust office of the depositary, paying any taxes, charges and fees provided
for in the deposit agreement and complying with any other requirement of the deposit agreement. Partial shares of preferred stock will
not be issued. If the surrendered depositary shares exceed the number of depositary shares that represent the number of whole shares
of preferred stock the holder wishes to withdraw, then the depositary will deliver to the holder at the same time a new depositary receipt
evidencing the excess number of depositary shares. Once the holder has withdrawn the preferred stock, the holder will not be entitled
to re-deposit that preferred stock under the deposit agreement or to receive depositary shares in exchange for such preferred stock.
We do not expect that there will be any public trading market for withdrawn shares of preferred stock. Dividends
and Other Distributions The
depositary will distribute to record holders of depositary shares any cash dividends or other cash distributions it receives on preferred
stock, after deducting its fees and expenses. Each holder will receive these distributions in proportion to the number of depositary
shares owned by the holder. The depositary will distribute only whole U.S. dollars and cents. The depositary will add any fractional
cents not distributed to the next sum received for distribution to record holders of depositary shares. In the event of a non-cash distribution,
the depositary will distribute property to the record holders of depositary shares, unless the depositary determines that it is not feasible
to make such a distribution. If this occurs, the depositary may, with our approval, sell the property and distribute the net proceeds
from the sale to the holders. The amounts distributed to holders of depositary shares will be reduced by any amounts required to be withheld
by the depositary or by us on account of taxes or other governmental charges. 12 Redemption
of Depositary Shares If
the series of preferred stock represented by depositary shares is subject to redemption, we will give the necessary proceeds to the depositary.
The depositary will then redeem the depositary shares using the funds they received from us for the preferred stock. The redemption price
per depositary share will be equal to the redemption price payable per share for the applicable series of the preferred stock and any
other amounts per share payable with respect to the preferred stock multiplied by the fraction or multiple of a share of preferred stock
represented by one depositary share. Whenever we redeem shares of preferred stock held by the depositary, the depositary will redeem
the depositary shares representing the shares of preferred stock on the same day, provided we have paid in full to the depositary the
redemption price of the preferred stock to be redeemed and any accrued and unpaid dividends. If fewer than all the depositary shares
of a series are to be redeemed, the depositary shares will be selected by lot or ratably or by any other equitable methods as the depositary
will decide. After the date fixed for redemption, the depositary shares called for redemption will no longer be considered outstanding.
Therefore, all rights of holders of the depositary shares will then cease, except that the holders will still be entitled to receive
any cash payable upon the redemption and any money or other property to which the holder was entitled at the time of redemption. To receive
this amount or other property, the holders must surrender the depositary receipts evidencing their depositary shares to the depositary.
Any funds that we deposit with the depositary for any depositary shares that the holders fail to redeem will be returned to us after
a period of one year from the date we deposit the funds. Voting
the Preferred Stock Upon
receipt of notice of any meeting at which the holders of preferred stock are entitled to vote, the depositary will notify holders of
depositary shares of the upcoming vote and arrange to deliver our voting materials to the holders. The record date for determining holders
of depositary shares that are entitled to vote will be the same as the record date for the preferred stock. The materials the holders
will receive will describe the matters to be voted on and explain how the holders, on a certain date, may instruct the depositary to
vote the shares of preferred stock underlying the depositary shares. For instructions to be valid, the depositary must receive them on
or before the date specified. To the extent possible, the depositary will vote the shares as instructed by the holder. We agree to take
all reasonable actions that the depositary determines are necessary to enable it to vote as a holder has instructed. If the depositary
does not receive specific instructions from the holders of any depositary shares, it will vote all shares of that series held by it proportionately
with instructions received. Liquidation
Preference If
a series of preferred stock underlying the depositary shares has a liquidation preference, in the event of our voluntary or involuntary
liquidation, dissolution or winding up, holders of depositary shares will be entitled to receive the fraction of the liquidation preference
accorded each share of the applicable series of preferred stock as set forth in the applicable prospectus supplement. Conversion
or Exchange The
depositary, with our approval or at our instruction, will convert or exchange all depositary shares if the preferred stock underlying
the depositary shares is converted or exchanged. In order for the depositary to do so, we will need to deposit the other preferred stock,
common stock, or other securities into which the preferred stock is to be converted or for which it will be exchanged. The exchange or
conversion rate per depositary share will be equal to: ● | the exchange or conversion rate per share of preferred stock, multiplied by the fraction or multiple of a share of preferred stock represented by one depositary share; ● | plus all money and any other property represented by one depositary share; and ● | including all amounts per depositary share paid by us for dividends that have accrued on the preferred stock on the exchange or conversion date and that have not been paid. 13 The
depositary shares, as such, cannot be converted or exchanged into other preferred stock, common stock, securities of another issuer or
any other of our securities or property. Nevertheless, if so specified in the applicable prospectus supplement, a holder of depositary
shares may be able to surrender the depositary receipts to the depositary with written instructions asking the depositary to instruct
us to convert or exchange the preferred stock represented by the depositary shares into other shares of our preferred stock or common
stock or to exchange the preferred stock for any other securities registered pursuant to the registration statement of which this prospectus
forms a part. If the depositary shares carry this right, we would agree that, upon the payment of any applicable fees, we will cause
the conversion or exchange of the preferred stock using the same procedures as we use for the delivery of preferred stock. If a holder
is only converting part of the depositary shares represented by a depositary receipt, new depositary receipts will be issued for any
depositary shares that are not converted or exchanged. Amendment
and Termination of the Deposit Agreement We
may agree with the depositary to amend the deposit agreement and the form of depositary receipt without consent of the holder at any
time. However, if the amendment adds or increases fees or charges, other than any change in the fees of any depositary, registrar or
transfer agent, or prejudices an important right of holders, it will only become effective with the approval of holders of at least a
majority of the affected depositary shares then outstanding. We will make no amendment that impairs the right of any holder of depositary
shares to receive shares of preferred stock and any money or other property represented by those depositary shares, except in order to
comply with mandatory provisions of applicable law. If an amendment becomes effective, holders are deemed to agree to the amendment and
to be bound by the amended deposit agreement if they continue to hold their depositary receipts. The
deposit agreement will automatically terminate if: ● | all outstanding depositary shares have been redeemed or converted or exchanged for any other securities into which they or the underlying preferred stock are convertible or exchangeable; ● | each share of preferred stock has been converted into or exchanged for common stock; or ● | a final distribution in respect of the preferred stock has been made to the holders of depositary receipts in connection with our liquidation, dissolution or winding-up. We
may also terminate the deposit agreement at any time we wish. If we do so, the depositary will give notice of termination to the record
holders not less than 30 days before the termination date. Once depositary receipts are surrendered to the depositary, it will send to
each holder the number of whole or fractional shares of the series of preferred stock underlying that holder’s depositary receipts. Charges
of Depositary and Expenses We
will pay the fees, charges and expenses of the depositary provided in the deposit agreement to be payable by us. Holders of depositary
receipts will pay any taxes and governmental charges and any charges provided in the deposit agreement to be payable by them. If the
depositary incurs fees, charges or expenses for which it is not otherwise liable at the election of a holder of a depositary receipt
or other person, that holder or other person will be liable for those fees, charges and expenses. Limitations
on Our Obligations and Liability to Holders of Depositary Receipts The
deposit agreement will expressly limit our obligations and the obligations of the depositary. It also limits our liability and the liability
of the depositary as follows: ● | we and the depositary are only liable to the holders of depositary receipts for negligence or willful misconduct; 14 ● | we and the depositary have no obligation to become involved in any legal or other proceeding related to the depositary receipts or the deposit agreement on your behalf or on behalf of any other party, unless you provide us with satisfactory indemnity; and ● | we and the depositary may rely upon any written advice of counsel or accountants and on any documents we believe in good faith to be genuine and to have been signed or presented by the proper party. Resignation
and Removal of Depositary The
depositary may resign at any time by notifying us of its election to do so. In addition, we may remove the depositary at any time. Within
60 days after the delivery of a notice of resignation or removal of the depositary, we will appoint a successor depositary. Redeemable
Warrants Public
Warrants Each
whole Public Warrant entitles the registered holder to purchase one share of Class A Common Stock at a price of $11.50 per share, subject
to adjustment as discussed below, at any time commencing 30 days after the completion of the Business Combination. Pursuant to the Warrant
Agreement, a warrant holder may exercise its warrants only for a whole number of shares of Class A Common Stock. This means that only
a whole warrant may be exercised at any given time by a warrant holder. The Public Warrants will expire on April 6, 2026, five years
after the completion of the Business Combination, at 5:00 p.m., New York City time, or earlier upon redemption or liquidation. We may
issue additional Public Warrants under the Warrant Agreement. Any warrants issued following the date of this prospectus under the Warrant
Agreement shall have the same terms as the Public Warrants, except as may be agreed upon by the Company and set forth in a prospectus
supplement to this prospectus. We
are not obligated to deliver any shares of Class A Common Stock pursuant to the exercise of a Public Warrant and will have no obligation
to settle such warrant exercise unless a registration statement under the Securities Act with respect to the shares of Class A Common
Stock underlying the Public Warrants is then effective and a prospectus relating thereto is current, subject to us satisfying our obligations
described below with respect to registration. No Public Warrant will be exercisable, and we will not be obligated to issue shares of
Class A Common Stock upon exercise of a Public Warrant unless, if at the time, the Class A Common Stock issuable upon such warrant exercise
has been registered, qualified or deemed to be exempt under the securities laws of the state of residence of the registered holder of
the Public Warrants. In the event that the conditions in the two immediately preceding sentences are not satisfied with respect to a
Public Warrant, the holder of such Public Warrant will not be entitled to exercise such warrant, and such warrant may have no value and
expire worthless. In no event will we be required to net cash settle any Public Warrant. We
are obligated to file and maintain an effective registration statement under the Securities Act covering the shares of Class A Common
Stock issuable upon exercise of the Public Warrants and to use commercially reasonable best efforts to cause such registration statement
to maintain the effectiveness of such registration statement, and a current prospectus relating thereto, until the expiration of the
Public Warrants in accordance with the provisions of the Warrant Agreement. Pursuant to such obligations, on June 10, 2022, we filed
a registration statement on Form S-3 that became effective on July 1, 2022 covering the shares of Class A Common Stock issuable upon
exercise of the Public Warrants. Notwithstanding the above, if Class A Common Stock is at the time of any exercise of a Public Warrant
not listed on a national securities exchange such that it satisfies the definition of a “covered security” under Section
18(b)(1) of the Securities Act, we may, at our option, require holders of Public Warrants who exercise their warrants to do so on a “cashless
basis” in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act and, in the event we so elect, we will not be required to file
or maintain in effect a registration statement, and in the event we do not so elect, we will use our commercially reasonable best efforts
to register or qualify the shares under applicable blue sky laws to the extent an exemption is not available. 15 We
may call the Public Warrants for redemption: ● | in whole and not in part; ● | at a price of $0.01 per warrant; ● | upon not less than 30 days’ prior written notice of redemption to each Public Warrant holder; and ● | if, and only if, the last reported sale price of the Class A Common Stock equals or exceeds $18.00 per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within a 30-trading-day period ending three trading days before we send the notice of redemption to the Public Warrant holders. We
may not exercise our redemption right if the issuance of shares of Class A Common Stock upon exercise of the Public Warrants is not exempt
from registration or qualification under applicable state blue sky laws or we are unable to effect such registration or qualification. We
have established the last of the redemption criterion discussed above to prevent a redemption call unless there is, at the time of the
call, a significant premium to the Public Warrant exercise price. If the foregoing conditions are satisfied and we issue a notice of
redemption of the Public Warrants, each Public Warrant holder will be entitled to exercise its warrant prior to the scheduled redemption
date. However, the price of the Class A Common Stock may fall below the $18.00 redemption trigger price (as adjusted for stock splits,
stock dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) as well as the $11.50 Public Warrant exercise price after the redemption
notice is issued. If
we call the Public Warrants for redemption as described above, our management will have the option to require any holder that wishes
to exercise its warrant to do so on a “cashless basis.” In determining whether to require all holders to exercise their warrants
on a “cashless basis,” our management will consider, among other factors, our cash position, the number of Public Warrants
that are outstanding and the dilutive effect on our stockholders of issuing the maximum number of shares of Class A Common Stock issuable
upon the exercise of our Public Warrants. If our management takes advantage of this option, all holders of Public Warrants would pay
the exercise price by surrendering their Public Warrants for that number of shares of Class A Common Stock equal to the quotient obtained
by dividing (x) the product of the number of shares of Class A Common Stock underlying the Public Warrants, multiplied by the difference
between the exercise price of the Public Warrants and the “fair market value” (as defined below) over the exercise price
of the Public Warrants, by (y) the fair market value. The “fair market value” shall mean the average reported last sale price
of the Class A Common Stock for the 10 trading days ending on the third trading day prior to the date on which the notice of redemption
is sent to the holders of Public Warrants. If we select this option, the notice of redemption will contain the information necessary
to calculate the number of shares of Class A Common Stock to be received upon exercise of the Public Warrants, including the “fair
market value” in such case. Requiring a cashless exercise in this manner will reduce the number of shares to be issued and thereby
lessen the dilutive effect of a Public Warrant redemption. We believe this feature is an attractive option to us if we do not need the
cash from the exercise of the Public Warrants. If we call our Public Warrants for redemption and our management does not take advantage
of this option, the Sponsor and its permitted transferees would still be entitled to exercise their private placement warrants for cash
or on a cashless basis using the same formula described above that other warrant holders would have been required to use had all warrant
holders been required to exercise their warrants on a cashless basis, as described in more detail below. A
holder of a Public Warrant may notify us in writing in the event it elects to be subject to a requirement that such holder will not have
the right to exercise such warrant, to the extent that, after giving effect to such exercise, such person (together with such person’s
affiliates), to the warrant agent’s actual knowledge, would beneficially own in excess of 4.9% or 9.8% (or such other amount as
a holder may specify) of the shares of Class A Common Stock outstanding immediately after giving effect to such exercise. If
the number of outstanding shares of Class A Common Stock is increased by a stock dividend payable in shares of Class A Common Stock,
or by a split-up of shares of Class A Common Stock or other similar event, then, on the effective date of such stock dividend, split-up
or similar event, the number of shares of Class A Common Stock issuable on the exercise of each Public Warrant will be increased in proportion
to such increase in the outstanding shares of Class A Common Stock. A rights offering to holders of Class A Common Stock entitling holders
to purchase shares of Class A Common Stock at a price less than the fair market value will be deemed a stock dividend of a number of
shares of Class A Common Stock equal to the product of (i) the number of shares of Class A Common Stock actually sold in such rights
offering (or issuable under any other equity securities sold in such rights offering that are convertible into or exercisable for Class
A Common Stock) and (ii) one minus the quotient of (x) the price per share of Class A Common Stock paid in such rights offering divided
by (y) the fair market value. For these purposes, (i) if the rights offering is for securities convertible into or exercisable for Class
A Common Stock, in determining the price payable for Class A Common Stock, there will be taken into account any consideration received
for such rights, as well as any additional amount payable upon exercise or conversion, and (ii) fair market value means the volume weighted
average price of Class A Common Stock as reported during the 10 trading day period ending on the trading day prior to the first date
on which the shares of Class A Common Stock trade on the applicable exchange or in the applicable market, regular way, without the right
to receive such rights. 16 In
addition, if we, at any time while the Public Warrants are outstanding and unexpired, pay a dividend or make a distribution in cash,
securities or other assets to the holders of Class A Common Stock on account of such shares of Class A Common Stock (or other shares
of our capital stock into which the Public Warrants are convertible), other than (i) as described above, (ii) certain ordinary cash dividends
(initially defined as up to $0.50 per share in a 365 day period), (iii) to satisfy the redemption rights of the holders of Class A Common
Stock in connection with the Closing, or (iv) to satisfy the redemption rights of the holders of Class A Common Stock in connection with
a stockholder vote to amend our Charter with respect to any provision relating to stockholders’ rights, then the Public Warrant
exercise price will be decreased, effective immediately after the effective date of such event, by the amount of cash and/or the fair
market value of any securities or other assets paid on each share of Class A Common Stock in respect of such event. If
the number of outstanding shares of Class A Common Stock is decreased by a consolidation, combination, reverse stock split or reclassification
of shares of Class A Common Stock or other similar event, then, on the effective date of such consolidation, combination, reverse stock
split, reclassification or similar event, the number of shares of Class A Common Stock issuable on the exercise of each Public Warrant
will be decreased in proportion to such decrease in outstanding shares of Class A Common Stock. Whenever
the number of shares of Class A Common Stock purchasable upon the exercise of the Public Warrants is adjusted, as described above, the
Public Warrant exercise price will be adjusted by multiplying the Public Warrant exercise price immediately prior to such adjustment
by a fraction (x) the numerator of which will be the number of shares of Class A Common Stock purchasable upon the exercise of the Public
Warrants immediately prior to such adjustment, and (y) the denominator of which will be the number of shares of Class A Common Stock
so purchasable immediately thereafter. In
case of any reclassification or reorganization of the outstanding shares of Class A Common Stock (other than those described above or
that solely affects the par value of such shares of Class A Common Stock), or in the case of any merger or consolidation of us with or
into another corporation (other than a consolidation or merger in which we are the continuing corporation and that does not result in
any reclassification or reorganization of our outstanding shares of Class A Common Stock), or in the case of any sale or conveyance to
another corporation or entity of our assets or other property as an entirety or substantially as an entirety in connection with which
we are dissolved, the holders of the Public Warrants will thereafter have the right to purchase and receive, upon the basis and upon
the terms and conditions specified in the Public Warrants and in lieu of the shares of Class A Common Stock immediately theretofore purchasable
and receivable upon the exercise of the rights represented thereby, the kind and amount of shares of stock or other securities or property
(including cash) receivable upon such reclassification, reorganization, merger or consolidation, or upon a dissolution following any
such sale or transfer that the holder of the Public Warrants would have received if such holder had exercised its warrants immediately
prior to such event. If less than 70% of the consideration receivable by the holders of Class A Common Stock in such a transaction is
payable in the form of Class A Common Stock in the successor entity that is listed for trading on a national securities exchange or is
quoted in an established over-the-counter market, or is to be so listed for trading or so quoted immediately following such event, and
if the registered holder of the Public Warrant properly exercises the warrant within 30 days following public disclosure of such transaction,
the Public Warrant exercise price will be reduced as specified in the Warrant Agreement based on the Black-Scholes value (as defined
in the Warrant Agreement) of the warrant. The purpose of such exercise price reduction is to provide additional value to holders of the
Public Warrants when an extraordinary transaction occurs during the exercise period of the Public Warrants pursuant to which the holders
of the warrants otherwise do not receive the full potential value of the Public Warrants in order to determine and realize the option
value component of the warrant. This formula is to compensate the Public Warrant holder for the loss of the option value portion of the
warrant due to the requirement that the Public Warrant holder exercise the warrant within 30 days of the event. The Black-Scholes model
(as defined in the Warrant Agreement) is an accepted pricing model for estimating fair market value where no quoted market price for
an instrument is available. 17 The
Public Warrants are issued in registered form under the Warrant Agreement. You should review a copy of the Warrant Agreement, which is
filed as an exhibit to the registration statement of which this prospectus is a part, for a complete description of the terms and conditions
applicable to the warrants. The Warrant Agreement provides that the terms of the Public Warrants may be amended without the consent of
any holder to cure any ambiguity or correct any defective provision, but requires the approval by the holders of at least 50% of the
then-outstanding Public Warrants to make any change that adversely affects the interests of the registered holders of Public Warrants. The
Public Warrants may be exercised upon surrender of the warrant certificate on or prior to the expiration date at the offices of the warrant
agent, with the exercise form on the reverse side of the warrant certificate completed and executed as indicated, accompanied by full
payment of the exercise price (or on a cashless basis, if applicable), by certified or official bank check payable to us, for the number
of warrants being exercised. The Public Warrant holders do not have the rights or privileges of holders of Class A Common Stock and any
voting rights until they exercise their warrants and receive shares of Class A Common Stock. After the issuance of shares of Class A
Common Stock upon exercise of the Public Warrants, each holder will be entitled to one vote for each share held of record on all matters
to be voted on by stockholders. No
fractional shares will be issued upon exercise of the Public Warrants. If, upon exercise of the Public Warrants, a holder would be entitled
to receive a fractional interest in a share, we will, upon exercise, round down to the nearest whole number of shares of Class A Common
Stock to be issued to the warrant holder. Private
Placement Warrants The
private placement warrants (including the shares of Class A Common Stock issuable upon exercise of the private placement warrants) are
not redeemable by us so long as they are held by the Sponsor or its permitted transferees. The Sponsor, or its permitted transferees,
has the option to exercise the private placement warrants on a cashless basis. Except as described below, the private placement warrants
have terms and provisions that are identical to those of the public warrants, including as to exercise price, exercisability and exercise
period. If the private placement warrants are held by holders other than the Sponsor or its permitted transferees, the private placement
warrants will be redeemable by us and exercisable by the holders on the same basis as the public warrants. If
holders of the private placement warrants elect to exercise them on a cashless basis, they would pay the exercise price by surrendering
their warrants for that number of shares of Class A Common Stock equal to the quotient obtained by dividing (x) the product of the number
of shares of Class A Common Stock underlying the warrants, multiplied by the excess of the “fair market value” (defined below)
over the exercise price of the warrants, by (y) the fair market value. The “fair market value” shall mean the average reported
last sale price of the Class A Common Stock for the 10 trading days ending on the third trading day prior to the date on which the notice
of warrant exercise is sent to the warrant agent. Other
Warrants We
may issue warrants for the purchase of shares of our common stock or preferred stock or of debt securities. We may issue warrants independently
or together with other securities, and the warrants may be attached to or separate from any offered securities. Each series of warrants
will be issued under a separate warrant agreement to be entered into between us and the investors or a warrant agent. The following summary
of material provisions of the warrants and warrant agreements are subject to, and qualified in their entirety by reference to, all the
provisions of the warrant agreement and warrant certificate applicable to a particular series of warrants. The terms of any warrants
offered under a prospectus supplement may differ from the terms described below. We urge you to read the applicable prospectus supplement
and any related free writing prospectus, as well as the complete warrant agreements and warrant certificates that contain the terms of
the warrants. 18 The
particular terms of any issue of warrants will be described in the prospectus supplement relating to the issue. Those terms may include: ● | the number of shares of common stock or preferred stock purchasable upon the exercise of warrants to purchase such shares and the price at which such number of shares may be purchased upon such exercise; ● | the designation, stated value and terms (including, without limitation, liquidation, dividend, conversion and voting rights) of the series of preferred stock purchasable upon exercise of warrants to purchase preferred stock; ● | the principal amount of debt securities that may be purchased upon exercise of a debt warrant and the exercise price for the warrants, which may be payable in cash, securities or other property; ● | the date, if any, on and after which the warrants and the related debt securities, preferred stock or common stock will be separately transferable; ● | the terms of any rights to redeem or call the warrants; ● | the date on which the right to exercise the warrants will commence and the date on which the right will expire; ● | United States Federal income tax consequences applicable to the warrants; ● | whether the warrants are to be sold separately or with other securities as part of units; ● | whether the warrants will be issued in definitive or global form or in any combination of these forms, although, in any case, the form of a warrant included in a unit will correspond to the form of the unit and any security included in that unit; ● | the identity of the warrant agent for the warrants and of any other depositaries, execution or paying agents, transfer agents, registrars or other agents; ● | the proposed listing, if any, of the warrants or any securities purchasable upon exercise of the warrants on any securities exchange; ● | if applicable, the date from and after which any warrants issued as part of a unit and the related debt securities, preferred stock, depositary shares or common stock will be separately transferable; ● | if applicable, the minimum or maximum amount of the warrants that may be exercised at any one time; and ● | any additional terms of the warrants, including terms, procedures, and limitations relating to the exchange, exercise and settlement of the warrants. Each
warrant will entitle its holder to purchase the principal amount of debt securities or the number of shares of preferred stock or common
stock at the exercise price set forth in, or calculable as set forth in, the applicable prospectus supplement. Unless we otherwise specify
in the applicable prospectus supplement, holders of the warrants may exercise the warrants at any time up to the specified time on the
expiration date that we set forth in the applicable prospectus supplement. After the close of business on the expiration date, unexercised
warrants will become void. A
holder of warrant certificates may exchange them for new warrant certificates of different denominations, present them for registration
of transfer and exercise them at the corporate trust office of the warrant agent or any other office indicated in the applicable prospectus
supplement. Until any warrants to purchase debt securities are exercised, the holder of the warrants will not have any rights of holders
of the debt securities that can be purchased upon exercise, including any rights to receive payments of principal, premium or interest
on the underlying debt securities or to enforce covenants in the applicable indenture. Until any warrants to purchase common stock or
preferred stock are exercised, the holders of the warrants will not have any rights of holders of the underlying common stock or preferred
stock, including any rights to receive dividends or payments upon any liquidation, dissolution or winding up on the common stock or preferred
stock, if any. 19 Purchase
Contracts We
may issue purchase contracts for the purchase or sale of debt or equity securities issued by us. Each purchase contract will entitle
the holder thereof to purchase or sell, and obligate us to sell or purchase, on specified dates, such securities at a specified purchase
price, which may be based on a formula, all as set forth in the applicable prospectus supplement. The purchase contracts may be issued
separately or as a part of units consisting of one or more purchase contracts and beneficial interests in our debt or equity securities
or debt obligations of third parties, including U.S. Treasury securities, any other security described in the applicable prospectus supplement,
or any combination of the foregoing, securing the holders’ obligations to purchase the securities under the purchase contracts.
The purchase contracts may require us to make periodic payments to the holders of the units or vice versa, and such payments may be unsecured
or prefunded on some basis. The purchase contracts may require holders to secure their obligations thereunder in a specified manner.
In certain circumstances, we may deliver newly issued prepaid purchase contracts upon release to a holder of any collateral securing
the holder’s obligations under the original purchase contract. The applicable prospectus supplement will also specify the methods
by which the holders may purchase or sell such securities and any acceleration, cancellation or termination provisions or other provisions
relating to the settlement of a purchase contract. The description in the prospectus supplement will only be a summary, and you should
read the purchase contracts, and, if applicable, collateral or depositary arrangements, relating to the purchase contracts. Material
United States federal income tax considerations applicable to the purchase contracts will also be discussed in the applicable prospectus
supplement. Units We
may issue units consisting of any combination of the other types of securities offered under this prospectus in one or more series. We
may evidence each series of units by unit certificates that we will issue under a separate agreement. We may enter into unit agreements
with a unit agent. Each unit agent will be a bank or trust company that we select. We will indicate the name and address of the unit
agent in the applicable prospectus supplement relating to a particular series of units. The
following description, together with the additional information included in any applicable prospectus supplement, summarizes the general
features of the units that we may offer under this prospectus. Specific unit agreements will contain additional important terms and provisions
and we will file as an exhibit to the registration statement of which this prospectus is a part, or will incorporate by reference from
another report that we file with the SEC, the form of each unit agreement relating to units offered under this prospectus. If
we offer any units, certain terms of that series of units will be described in the applicable prospectus supplement, including, without
limitation, the following, as applicable: ● | the title of the series of units; ● | identification and description of the separate constituent securities comprising the units; ● | the price or prices at which the units will be issued; ● | the date, if any, on and after which the constituent securities comprising the units will be separately transferable; ● | a discussion of certain United States federal income tax considerations applicable to the units; and ● | any other terms of the units and their constituent securities. 20 Subscription
Rights We
may issue subscription rights to purchase our common stock, preferred stock or debt securities. These subscription rights may be offered
independently or together with any other security offered hereby and may or may not be transferable by the stockholder receiving the
subscription rights in such offering. In connection with any offering of subscription rights, we may enter into a standby arrangement
with one or more underwriters or other purchasers pursuant to which the underwriters or other purchasers may be required to purchase
any securities remaining unsubscribed for after such offering. The
prospectus supplement relating to any subscription rights we offer, if any, will, to the extent applicable, include specific terms relating
to the offering, including some or all of the following: ● | the price, if any, for the subscription rights; ● | the exercise price payable for our common stock, preferred stock or debt securities upon the exercise of the subscription rights; ● | the number of subscription rights to be issued to each stockholder; ● | the number and terms of our common stock, preferred stock or debt securities which may be purchased per each subscription right; ● | the extent to which the subscription rights are transferable; ● | any other terms of the subscription rights, including the terms, procedures and limitations relating to the exchange and exercise of the subscription rights; ● | the date on which the right to exercise the subscription rights shall commence, and the date on which the subscription rights shall expire; ● | the extent to which the subscription rights may include an over-subscription privilege with respect to unsubscribed securities or an over-allotment privilege to the extent the securities are fully subscribed; and ● | if applicable, the material terms of any standby underwriting or purchase arrangement which we may enter into in connection with the offering of subscription rights. The
description in the applicable prospectus supplement of any subscription rights we offer will not necessarily be complete and will be
qualified in its entirety by reference to the applicable subscription rights certificate, which will be filed with the SEC if we offer
subscription rights. We urge you to read the applicable subscription rights certificate and any applicable prospectus supplement in their
entirety. Listing
of Class A Common Stock and Warrants Our
Class A Common Stock and Public Warrants are listed on Nasdaq under the symbols “ASTS” and “ASTSW,” respectively. Authorized
and Outstanding Capital Stock Our
Charter authorizes the issuance of 1,225,000,000 shares, of which 800,000,000 shares are shares of Class A Common Stock, par value $0.0001
per share, 200,000,000 shares are shares of Class B Common Stock, par value $0.0001 per share, 125,000,000 shares are shares of Class
C Common Stock, par value $0.0001 per share, and 100,000,000 shares are shares of preferred stock, par value $0.0001 per share. As
of September 30, 2022, we had approximately 54,369,296 shares of Class A Common Stock, 51,636,922 shares of Class B Common Stock, 78,163,078
shares of Class C Common Stock and approximately 11,547,600 Public Warrants and 6,050,000 private placement warrants to purchase 17,597,600
shares of Class A Common Stock, issued and outstanding. As of such date, there were 21 holders of record of Class A Common Stock, seven
holders of record of Class B Common Stock, one holder of record of Class C Common Stock and five holders of record of warrants. 21 PLAN
OF DISTRIBUTION We
may sell, transfer or otherwise dispose of the securities covered by this prospectus in any of the following ways (or in any combination
thereof): ● | to or through underwriters or dealers; ● | through agents; or ● | directly to one or more purchasers. These
dispositions may be at fixed prices (which may change), at prevailing market prices at the time of sale, at prices related to the prevailing
market price, at varying prices determined at the time of sale or at negotiated prices. To
the extent required by law, a prospectus supplement or supplements (and any related free writing prospectus that we may authorize to
be provided to you) will describe the terms of the offering of the securities, including, as applicable: ● | the name or names of any underwriters, dealers or agents and the amounts of securities underwritten or purchased by each of them; ● | the purchase price of the securities and the proceeds we will receive from the sale; ● | any over-allotment options under which underwriters may purchase additional securities from us; ● | any agency fees or underwriting discounts and other items constituting agents’ or underwriters’ compensation; ● | any public offering price; ● | any discounts, commissions or concessions allowed or reallowed or paid to dealers; and ● | any securities exchange or market on which the securities may be listed. Any
public offering price and any discounts or concessions allowed or reallowed or paid to dealers may be changed from time to time. If
underwriters are used in the sale of the securities, they will acquire such securities for their own account and may resell the securities
from time to time in one or more transactions at a fixed public offering price or at varying prices determined at the time of sale. The
obligations of the underwriters to purchase the securities will be subject to the conditions set forth in the applicable underwriting
agreement. We may offer the securities to the public through underwriting syndicates represented by managing underwriters or by underwriters
without a syndicate. Subject to certain conditions, the underwriters will be obligated to purchase all of the securities offered by the
prospectus supplement. Any public offering price and any discounts or concessions allowed or reallowed or paid to dealers may change
from time to time. We may use underwriters with whom we have a material relationship. We will describe in the prospectus supplement,
naming the underwriter, the nature of any such relationship. We
may sell securities directly or through agents we designate from time to time. The prospectus supplement will name any agent involved
in the offer or sale of the securities and any commissions we pay to them. Unless the prospectus supplement states otherwise, any agent
will act on a best-efforts basis for the period of its appointment. We
may authorize agents or underwriters to solicit offers by certain types of institutional investors to purchase securities from us at
the public offering price set forth in the prospectus supplement pursuant to delayed delivery contracts providing for payment and delivery
on a specified date in the future. The prospectus supplement will set forth the conditions to these contracts and the commissions we
must pay for solicitation of these contracts. 22 We
may provide agents and underwriters with indemnification against civil liabilities related to this offering, including liabilities under
the Securities Act, or contribution with respect to payments that the agents or underwriters may make with respect to these liabilities.
Agents and underwriters may engage in transactions with, or perform services for, us in the ordinary course of business. All
securities we offer, other than Class A Common Stock and Public Warrants, will be new issues of securities with no established trading
market. Any underwriters may make a market in these securities, but will not be obligated to do so and may discontinue any market making
at any time without notice. We cannot guarantee the liquidity of the trading markets for any securities. Any
underwriter may engage in overallotment, stabilizing transactions, short covering transactions and penalty bids in accordance with Regulation
M under the Exchange Act. Overallotment involves sales in excess of the offering size, which create a short position. Stabilizing transactions
permit bids to purchase the underlying security so long as the stabilizing bids do not exceed a specified maximum. Short covering transactions
involve purchases of the securities in the open market after the distribution is completed to cover short positions. Penalty bids permit
the underwriters to reclaim a selling concession from a dealer when the securities originally sold by the dealer are purchased in a stabilizing
or covering transaction to cover short positions. Those activities may cause the price of the securities to be higher than it would otherwise
be. If commenced, the underwriters may discontinue any of the activities at any time. These transactions may be effected on any exchange
or over-the-counter market or otherwise. Any
underwriters that are qualified market makers on Nasdaq may engage in passive market making transactions in the securities on Nasdaq
in accordance with Regulation M under the Exchange Act during the business day prior to the pricing of the offering, before the commencement
of offers or sales of the securities. Passive market makers must comply with applicable volume and price limitations and must be identified
as passive market makers. In general, a passive market maker must display its bid at a price not in excess of the highest independent
bid for such security; if all independent bids are lowered below the passive market maker’s bid, however, the passive market maker’s
bid must then be lowered when certain purchase limits are exceeded. Passive market making may stabilize the market price of the securities
at a level above that which might otherwise prevail in the open market and, if commenced, may be discontinued at any time. 23 LEGAL
MATTERS The
validity of the securities offered by this prospectus will be passed upon for us by Sullivan & Cromwell LLP, New York, New York. 24 EXPERTS The
consolidated financial statements of the Company as of December 31, 2021 and for the year ended December 31, 2021 incorporated by reference
in this prospectus and in the registration statement have been so incorporated in reliance of the report of KPMG LLP, an independent
registered public accounting firm, incorporated herein by reference, given on the authority of said firm as experts in auditing and accounting. The
consolidated financial statements of the Company as of December 31, 2020 and for the year ended December 31, 2020 incorporated by reference
in this prospectus and in the registration statement have been so incorporated in reliance of the report of BDO USA, LLP, an independent
registered public accounting firm, incorporated herein by reference, given on the authority of said firm as experts in auditing and accounting. 25 WHERE
YOU CAN FIND MORE INFORMATION; INCORPORATION BY REFERENCE Available
Information We
file reports, proxy statements and other information with the SEC. The SEC maintains a website that contains reports, proxy and information
statements and other information about issuers, such as us, who file electronically with the SEC. The address of that website is http://www.sec.gov . Our
website address is www.ast-science.com . The information on our website, however, is not, and should not be deemed to be, a part
of this prospectus. This
prospectus and any applicable prospectus supplement are part of a registration statement that we filed with the SEC and do not contain
all of the information in the registration statement. The full registration statement may be obtained from the SEC or us, as provided
below. Statements in this prospectus or any prospectus supplement about these documents are summaries, and each statement is qualified
in all respects by reference to the document to which it refers. You should refer to the actual documents for a more complete description
of the relevant matters. You may inspect a copy of the registration statement through the SEC’s website, as provided above. Incorporation
by Reference The
SEC’s rules allow us to “incorporate by reference” information into this prospectus, which means that we can disclose
important information to you by referring you to another document filed separately with the SEC. The information incorporated by reference
is deemed to be part of this prospectus, and subsequent information that we file with the SEC will automatically update and supersede
that information. Any statement contained in this prospectus or a previously filed document incorporated by reference will be deemed
to be modified or superseded for purposes of this prospectus to the extent that a statement contained in this prospectus or a subsequently
filed document incorporated by reference modifies or replaces that statement. This
prospectus and any accompanying prospectus supplement incorporate by reference the documents set forth below that have previously been
filed with the SEC: ● | our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021, filed with the SEC on March 31, 2022, as amended on April 22, 2022 ; ● | our Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended March 31, 2022, filed with the SEC on May 16, 2022, and for the quarterly period ended June 30, 2022, filed with the SEC on August 15, 2022 ; ● | our Current Reports on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on January 20, 2022 , March 9, 2022 , March 31, 2022 , April 29, 2022 , May 6, 2022 , June 13, 2022 , June 29, 2022 , July 5, 2022 , July 18, 2022 , September 8, 2022 , September 8, 2022 , September 9, 2022 , September 16, 2022 and October 26, 2022 (excluding any information furnished in such reports under Item 2.02, Item 7.01 or Item 9.01); and ● | the description of our common stock contained in our registration statement on Form S-1, filed with the SEC on May 9, 2022 , as amended on May 23, 2022 , and any amendment or report filed with the SEC for the purpose of updating the description. All
reports and other documents we subsequently file pursuant to Section 13(a), 13(c), 14 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act in this prospectus,
prior to the termination of this offering, including all such documents we may file with the SEC after the date of the initial registration
statement and prior to the effectiveness of the registration statement, but excluding any information furnished to, rather than filed
with, the SEC, will also be incorporated by reference into this prospectus and deemed to be part of this prospectus from the date of
the filing of such reports and documents. We
will provide, without charge, to each person, including any beneficial owner, to whom a copy of this prospectus is delivered, upon written
or oral request of such person, a copy of any or all of the documents incorporated by reference in this prospectus, other than exhibits
to such documents unless such exhibits are specifically incorporated by reference into such documents. Requests may be made by telephone
at (432) 276-3966, or by sending a written request to AST SpaceMobile, Inc., Midland International Air & Space Port, 2901 Enterprise
Lane, Midland, Texas 79706, Attention: Secretary. 26 AST
SpaceMobile, Inc. $500,000,000 Class A Common Stock Preferred Stock Debt Securities Depositary Shares Warrants Purchase Contracts Units Subscription Rights PROSPECTUS ,
2022 PART
II INFORMATION
NOT REQUIRED IN PROSPECTUS ITEM 14. | OTHER EXPENSES OF ISSUANCE AND DISTRIBUTION. The
following table sets forth all expenses to be paid by the registrant, other than underwriting discounts and commissions, in connection
with this offering. All amounts shown are estimates. Securities and Exchange Commission registration fee | $ | 55,100
Accounting fees and expenses | *
Legal fees and expenses | *
Transfer agent and registrar fees and expenses | *
Trustee fees and expenses | *
Blue sky fees and expenses | *
FINRA filing fee (if applicable) | *
Financial printing and miscellaneous expenses | *
Total | * * These
fees are calculated based on the securities offered and the number of issuances and accordingly cannot be estimated at this time. ITEM 15. | INDEMNIFICATION OF DIRECTORS AND OFFICERS. Subsection
(a) of Section 145 of the DGCL empowers a corporation to indemnify any person who was or is a party or who is threatened to be made a
party to any threatened, pending or completed action, suit or proceeding, whether civil, criminal, administrative or investigative (other
than an action by or in the right of the corporation), by reason of the fact that the person is or was a director, officer, employee
or agent of the corporation, or is or was serving at the request of the corporation as a director, officer, employee or agent of another
corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise, against expenses (including attorneys’ fees), judgments, fines
and amounts paid in settlement actually and reasonably incurred by the person in connection with such action, suit or proceeding if the
person acted in good faith and in a manner the person reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the corporation,
and, with respect to any criminal action or proceeding, had no reasonable cause to believe the person’s conduct was unlawful. Subsection
(b) of Section 145 empowers a corporation to indemnify any person who was or is a party or is threatened to be made a party to any threatened,
pending or completed action or suit by or in the right of the corporation to procure a judgment in its favor, by reason of the fact that
the person acted in any of the capacities set forth above, against expenses (including attorneys’ fees) actually and reasonably
incurred by the person in connection with the defense or settlement of such action or suit if the person acted in good faith and in a
manner the person reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the corporation, except that no indemnification
shall be made in respect of any claim, issue or matter as to which such person shall have been adjudged to be liable to the corporation
unless and only to the extent that the Court of Chancery or the court in which such action or suit was brought shall determine upon application
that, despite the adjudication of liability but in view of all the circumstances of the case, such person is fairly and reasonably entitled
to indemnity for such expenses which the Court of Chancery or such other court shall deem proper. Section
145 further provides that to the extent a director or officer of a corporation has been successful on the merits or otherwise in the
defense of any action, suit or proceeding referred to in subsections (a) and (b) of Section 145, or in defense of any claim, issue or
matter therein, such person shall be indemnified against expenses (including attorneys’ fees) actually and reasonably incurred
by such person in connection therewith; that indemnification provided for by Section 145 shall not be deemed exclusive of any other rights
to which the indemnified party may be entitled; and the indemnification provided for by Section 145 shall, unless otherwise provided
when authorized or ratified, continue as to a person who has ceased to be a director, officer, employee or agent and shall inure to the
benefit of such person’s heirs, executors and administrators. Section 145 also empowers the corporation to purchase and maintain
insurance on behalf of any person who is or was a director, officer, employee or agent of the corporation, or is or was serving at the
request of the corporation as a director, officer, employee or agent of another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other
enterprise, against any liability asserted against such person and incurred by such person in any such capacity, or arising out of his
status as such, whether or not the corporation would have the power to indemnify such person against such liabilities under Section 145. II- 1 Section
102(b)(7) of the DGCL provides that a corporation’s certificate of incorporation may contain a provision eliminating or limiting
the personal liability of a director to the corporation or its stockholders for monetary damages for breach of fiduciary duty as a director,
provided that such provision shall not eliminate or limit the liability of a director (i) for any breach of the director’s duty
of loyalty to the corporation or its stockholders, (ii) for acts or omissions not in good faith or which involve intentional misconduct
or a knowing violation of law, (iii) under Section 174 of the DGCL, or (iv) for any transaction from which the director derived an improper
personal benefit. Additionally,
our Charter limits the liability of our directors to the fullest extent permitted by the DGCL, and our Bylaws provide that we will indemnify
them to the fullest extent permitted by such law. We have entered into and expect to continue to enter into agreements to indemnify our
directors, executive officers and other employees as determined by our Board of Directors. Under the terms of such indemnification agreements,
we are required to indemnify each of our directors and officers, to the fullest extent permitted by the laws of the state of Delaware,
if the basis of the indemnitee’s involvement was by reason of the fact that the indemnitee is or was our director or officer or
was serving at our request in an official capacity for another entity. We must indemnify our officers and directors against all reasonable
fees, expenses, charges and other costs of any type or nature whatsoever, including any and all expenses and obligations paid or incurred
in connection with investigating, defending, being a witness in, participating in (including on appeal), or preparing to defend, be a
witness or participate in any completed, actual, pending or threatened action, suit, claim or proceeding, whether civil, criminal, administrative
or investigative, or establishing or enforcing a right to indemnification under the indemnification agreement. The indemnification agreements
also require us, if so requested, to advance all reasonable fees, expenses, charges and other costs that such director or officer incurred,
provided that such person will return any such advance if it is ultimately determined that such person is not entitled to indemnification
by us. Any claims for indemnification by our directors and officers may reduce our available funds to satisfy successful third-party
claims against us and may reduce the amount of money available to us. ITEM 16. | EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES. (a) | Exhibits. We have filed the exhibits listed on the accompanying exhibit index of this registration statement. No. | Description of Exhibit
1.1** | Form of Underwriting Agreement.
3.1 | Second Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of AST SpaceMobile, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the registrant’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on April 12, 2021).
3.2 | Amended and Restated Bylaws of AST SpaceMobile, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the registrant’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on April 12, 2021).
4.1 | Specimen Common Stock Certificate of the registrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the registrant’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on April 12, 2021).
4.2 | Specimen Warrant Certificate of the registrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the registrant’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on April 12, 2021). II- 2 No. | Description of Exhibit
4.3 | Warrant Agreement, dated September 13, 2019, between Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company and New Providence Acquisition Corp. (incorporated by reference to the registrant’s Current Report on Form 8 K filed with the SEC on September 16, 2019).
4.4** | Specimen Preferred Stock Certificate.
4.5** | Form of Certificate of Designations for Preferred Stock.
4.6** | Form of Indenture for Senior Debt Securities.
4.7** | Form of Senior Debt Security.
4.8** | Form of Indenture for Subordinated Debt Securities.
4.9** | Form of Subordinated Debt Security.
4.10** | Form of Deposit Agreement.
4.11** | Form of Warrant Certificate.
4.12** | Form of Warrant Agreement.
4.13** | Form of Purchase Contract Agreement.
4.14** | Form of Unit Agreement.
4.15** | Form of Subscription Rights Agreement.
5.1* | Opinion of Sullivan & Cromwell LLP regarding the validity of the securities of AST SpaceMobile, Inc. being registered.
10.1 | Stockholders’ Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the registrant’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on April 12, 2021).
10.2 | Sponsor Voting Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the registrant’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on April 12, 2021).
10.3 | Registration Rights Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the registrant’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on April 12, 2021).
10.4 | Fifth Amended and Restated Limited Liability Limited Company Agreement of AST & Science, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the registrant’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on April 12, 2021).
10.5 | Subscription Agreement, by and between New Providence Acquisition Corp. and the undersigned subscriber party thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the registrant’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on December 16, 2020).
23.1* | Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (KPMG LLP).
23.2* | Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (BDO USA, LLP).
23.3* | Consent of Sullivan & Cromwell LLP (included as part of Exhibit 5.1).
24.1 | Power of Attorney (included on signature page to the initial filing of this registration statement).
25.1*** | Form T-1 Statement of Eligibility and Qualification under the Trust Indenture Act of 1939 of Trustee under the Indentures.
107* | Filing Fee Table.
* | Filed herewith.
** | To be filed, if applicable, by amendment or incorporated by reference pursuant to a Current Report on Form 8-K.
*** | To be filed in accordance with the requirements of Section 305(b)(2) of the Trust Indenture Act of 1939 and Rule 5b-3 thereunder. II- 3 ITEM 17. | UNDERTAKINGS. (a) | The undersigned registrant hereby undertakes: (1) | To file, during any period in which offers or sales are being made, a post-effective amendment to this registration statement: (i) | To include any prospectus required by Section 10(a)(3) of the Securities Act; (ii) | To reflect in the prospectus any facts or events arising after the effective date of the registration statement (or the most recent post-effective amendment thereof) which individually or in the aggregate, represent a fundamental change in the information set forth in the registration statement. Notwithstanding the foregoing, any increase or decrease in volume of securities offered (if the total dollar value of securities offered would not exceed that which was registered) and any deviation from the low or high end of the estimated maximum offering range may be reflected in the form of prospectus filed with the SEC pursuant to Rule 424(b) if, in the aggregate, the changes in volume and price represent no more than a 20% change in the maximum aggregate offering price set forth in the “Calculation of Registration Fee” table in the effective registration statement; and (iii) | To include any material information with respect to the plan of distribution not previously disclosed in the registration statement or any material change to such information in the registration statement; provided,
however , that paragraphs (a)(1)(i), (a)(1)(ii) and (a)(1)(iii) of this section do not apply if the information required to be included
in a post-effective amendment by those paragraphs is contained in reports filed with or furnished to the SEC by the registrant pursuant
to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act that are incorporated by reference in the registration statement, or is contained
in a form of prospectus filed pursuant to Rule 424(b) that is part of the registration statement. (2) | That, for the purpose of determining any liability under the Securities Act, each such post-effective amendment shall be deemed to be a new registration statement relating to the securities offered therein, and the offering of such securities at that time shall be deemed to be the initial bona fide offering thereof. (3) | To remove from registration by means of a post-effective amendment any of the securities being registered which remain unsold at the termination of the offering. II- 4 (4) | That, for the purpose of determining liability under the Securities Act to any purchaser: (i) | Each prospectus filed by the registrant pursuant to Rule 424(b)(3) shall be deemed to be part of the registration statement as of the date the filed prospectus was deemed part of and included in the registration statement; and (ii) | Each prospectus required to be filed pursuant to Rule 424(b)(2), (b)(5) or (b)(7) as part of a registration statement in reliance on Rule 430B relating to an offering made pursuant to Rule 415(a)(1)(i), (vii) or (x) for the purpose of providing the information required by Section 10(a) of the Securities Act shall be deemed to be part of and included in the registration statement as of the earlier of the date such form of prospectus is first used after effectiveness or the date of the first contract of sale of securities in the offering described in the prospectus. As provided in Rule 430B, for liability purposes of the issuer and any person that is at that date an underwriter, such date shall be deemed to be a new effective date of the registration statement relating to the securities in the registration statement to which that prospectus relates, and the offering of such securities at that time shall be deemed to be the initial bona fide offering thereof. Provided, however, that no statement made in a registration statement or prospectus that is part of the registration statement or made in a document incorporated or deemed incorporated by reference into the registration statement or prospectus that is part of the registration statement will, as to a purchaser with a time of contract of sale prior to such effective date, supersede or modify any statement that was made in the registration statement or prospectus that was part of the registration statement or made in any such document immediately prior to such effective date. (5) | That, for the purpose of determining liability of the registrant under the Securities Act to any purchaser in the initial distribution of the securities, the undersigned registrant undertakes that in a primary offering of securities of the undersigned registrant pursuant to this registration statement, regardless of the underwriting method used to sell the securities to the purchaser, if the securities are offered or sold to such purchaser by means of any of the following communications, the undersigned registrant will be a seller to the purchaser and will be considered to offer or sell such securities to such purchaser: (i) | Any preliminary prospectus or prospectus of the undersigned registrant relating to the offering required to be filed pursuant to Rule 424; (ii) | Any free writing prospectus relating to the offering prepared by or on behalf of the undersigned registrant or used or referred to by the undersigned registrant; (iii) | The portion of any other free writing prospectus relating to the offering containing material information about the undersigned registrant or its securities provided by or on behalf of the undersigned registrant; and (iv) | Any other communication that is an offer in the offering made by the undersigned registrant to the purchaser. (b) | The undersigned registrant hereby further undertakes: (1) | That, for purposes of determining any liability under the Securities Act, each filing of the registrant’s annual report pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act (and, where applicable, each filing of an employee benefit plan’s annual report pursuant to Section 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act) that is incorporated by reference in the registration statement shall be deemed to be a new registration statement relating to the securities offered therein, and the offering of such securities at that time shall be deemed to be the initial bona fide offering thereof. II- 5 (2) | Insofar as indemnification for liabilities arising under the Securities Act may be permitted to directors, officers and controlling persons of the registrant pursuant to the foregoing provisions, or otherwise, the registrant has been advised that in the opinion of the SEC such indemnification is against public policy as expressed in the Securities Act and is, therefore, unenforceable. In the event that a claim for indemnification against such liabilities (other than the payment by the registrant of expenses incurred or paid by a director, officer or controlling person of the registrant in the successful defense of any action, suit or proceeding) is asserted by such director, officer or controlling person in connection with the securities being registered, the registrant will, unless in the opinion of its counsel the matter has been settled by controlling precedent, submit to a court of appropriate jurisdiction the question whether such indemnification by it is against public policy as expressed in the Securities Act and will be governed by the final adjudication of such issue. (3) | To file an application for the purpose of determining the eligibility of the trustee to act under subsection (a) of Section 310 of the Trust Indenture Act in accordance with the rules and regulations prescribed by the Commission under Section 305(b)(2) of the Act. II- 6 SIGNATURES Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Act, the registrant has duly caused this registration statement to be signed on its behalf by the
undersigned, thereunto duly authorized, in the City of Midland, State of Texas, on October 31, 2022. AST SpaceMobile, Inc.
By: | /s/ Abel Avellan
Name: | Abel Avellan
Title: | Chief Executive Officer Each
person whose signature appears below constitutes and appoints each of Abel Avellan, Sean Wallace, Brian Heller or Shanti Gupta, acting
alone or together with another attorney-in-fact, as his or her true and lawful attorney-in-fact and agent, with full power of substitution
and resubstitution, for such person and in his or her name, place and stead, in any and all capacities, to sign any or all further amendments
(including post-effective amendments) to this registration statement (and any additional registration statement related hereto permitted
by Rule 462(b) promulgated under the Securities Act of 1933 (and all further amendments, including post-effective amendments, thereto)),
and to file the same, with all exhibits thereto, and other documents in connection therewith, with the Securities and Exchange Commission,
granting unto said attorneys-in-fact and agents, and each of them, full power and authority to do and perform each and every act and
thing requisite and necessary to be done in and about the premises, as fully to all intents and purposes as he or she might or could
do in person, hereby ratifying and confirming all that said attorney-in-fact and agent, or his or her substitute or substitutes, may
lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Act, this registration statement has been signed by the following persons in the capacities and
on October 31, 2022. Signature | Title
/s/ Abel Avellan | Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
Abel Avellan | (Principal Executive Officer and Director)
/s/ Sean Wallace | Chief Financial Officer
Sean Wallace | (Principal Financial Officer)
/s/ Shanti Gupta | Chief Accounting Officer
Shanti Gupta | (Principal Accounting Officer)
/s/ Tareq Amin | Director
Tareq Amin
/s/ Adriana Cisneros | Director
Adriana Cisneros
/s/ Alexander Coleman | Director
Alexander Coleman
/s/ Luke Ibbetson | Director
Luke Ibbetson
/s/ Edward Knapp | Director
Edward Knapp
/s/ Hiroshi Mikitani | Director
Hiroshi Mikitani
/s/ Ronald Rubin | Director
Ronald Rubin
/s/ Richard Sarnoff | Director
Richard Sarnoff
/s/ Julio A. Torres | Director
Julio A. Torres II- 7