S-3 1 forms-3.htm As
filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on June 9, 2022 Registration
No. 333- UNITED
STATES SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington,
D.C. 20549 FORM
S-3 REGISTRATION
STATEMENT UNDER THE
SECURITIES ACT OF 1933 AST
SpaceMobile, Inc. (Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter) Delaware | 4812 | 84-2027232
(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) | (Primary Standard Industrial Classification Code Number) | (I.R.S. Employer Identification Number) Midland
International Air & Space Port 2901
Enterprise Lane Midland,
Texas 79706 (432)
276-3966 (Address,
including zip code, and telephone number, including area code, of registrant’s principal executive offices) Abel
Avellan Chief
Executive Officer Midland
International Air & Space Port 2901
Enterprise Lane Midland,
Texas 79706 (432)
276-3966 (Name,
address, including zip code, and telephone number, including area code, of agent for service) With
copies to: Jared
M. Fishman Sullivan
& Cromwell LLP 125
Broad Street New
York, New York 10004 Tel:
(212) 558-4000 Approximate
date of commencement of proposed sale to the public: From time to time after this registration
statement becomes effective . If
any of the securities being registered on this Form are to be offered on a delayed or continuous basis pursuant to Rule 415 under the
Securities Act of 1933 (the “Securities Act”) check the following box. ☒ If
this Form is filed to register additional securities for an offering pursuant to Rule 462(b) under the Securities Act, please check the
following box and list the Securities Act registration statement number of the earlier effective registration statement for the same
offering. ☐ If
this Form is a post-effective amendment filed pursuant to Rule 462(c) under the Securities Act, check the following box and list the
Securities Act registration statement number of the earlier effective registration statement for the same offering. ☐ If
this Form is a post-effective amendment filed pursuant to Rule 462(d) under the Securities Act, check the following box and list the
Securities Act registration statement number of the earlier effective registration statement for the same offering. ☐ Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting
company or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of “large accelerated filer,” “accelerated filer,”
“smaller reporting company” and “emerging growth company” in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. Large accelerated filer | ☐ | Accelerated filer | ☐
Non-accelerated filer | ☒ | Smaller reporting company | ☒
Emerging growth company | ☒ If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the Securities Act. ☐ The
registrant hereby amends this registration statement on such date or dates as may be necessary to delay its effective date until the
registrant shall file a further amendment which specifically states that this registration statement shall thereafter become effective
in accordance with Section 8(a) of the Securities Act of 1933 or until the registration statement shall become effective on such date
as the SEC, acting pursuant to said Section 8(a), may determine. The
information in this preliminary prospectus is not complete and may be changed. These securities may not be sold until the registration
statement filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission is effective. The preliminary prospectus is not an offer to sell these
securities and does not constitute the solicitation of offers to buy these securities in any jurisdiction where the offer or sale is
not permitted. SUBJECT
TO COMPLETION, DATED JUNE 9, 2022 AST
SPACEMOBILE, INC. $500,000,000 Class
A Common Stock Preferred
Stock Debt
Securities From
time to time, in one or more series, we may offer to sell the securities identified above. This prospectus describes some of the general
terms that may apply to these securities and the general manner in which they may be offered. The specific terms of any securities to
be offered, and the specific manner in which they may be offered, will be described in the applicable prospectus supplement to this prospectus.
A prospectus supplement may also add, update or change information contained in this prospectus. The aggregate offering price of the
securities we sell pursuant to this prospectus will not exceed $500,000,000. This prospectus may not be used to offer or sell securities
unless accompanied by the applicable prospectus supplement describing the method and terms of the applicable offering. Our
shares of Class A Common Stock are listed on The Nasdaq Global Select Market (“Nasdaq”) under the symbol “ASTS.”
On June 6, 2022, the closing sale price per share of our Class A Common Stock was $7.70. We
may offer and sell the securities directly, through agents, dealers or underwriters as designated from time to time, or through a combination
of these methods. Investing
in our securities involves certain risks. You should carefully read this prospectus and the applicable prospectus supplement, together
with the documents incorporated by reference, before you make your investment decision. See the “Risk Factors” section beginning
on page 3 of this prospectus. Neither
the Securities and Exchange Commission nor any state securities commission has approved or disapproved of the securities to be issued
under this prospectus or determined if this prospectus is truthful or complete. Any representation to the contrary is a criminal offense. The
date of this prospectus is , 2022. TABLE
OF CONTENTS Page
ABOUT THIS PROSPECTUS | 1
CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS | 2
RISK FACTORS | 3
OUR COMPANY | 4
USE OF PROCEEDS | 6
DESCRIPTION OF SECURITIES | 7
PLAN OF DISTRIBUTION | 12
LEGAL MATTERS | 14
EXPERTS | 15
WHERE YOU CAN FIND MORE INFORMATION; INCORPORATION BY REFERENCE | 16 You
should rely only on the information contained in this prospectus. No one has been authorized to provide you with information that is
different from that contained in this prospectus. This prospectus is dated as of the date set forth on the cover hereof. You should not
assume that the information contained in this prospectus is accurate as of any date other than that date. TRADEMARKS This
document contains references to trademarks and service marks belonging to other entities. Solely for convenience, trademarks and trade
names referred to in this prospectus may appear without the ® or ™ symbols, but such references are not intended to indicate,
in any way, that the applicable licensor will not assert, to the fullest extent under applicable law, its rights to these trademarks
and trade names. We do not intend our use or display of other companies’ trade names, trademarks or service marks to imply a relationship
with, or endorsement or sponsorship of us by, any other companies. i CERTAIN
DEFINED TERMS Unless
the context otherwise requires, references in this prospectus to: ● | “A&R Operating Agreement” refers to that certain Fifth Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company Operating Agreement of AST LLC.
● | “American Tower” refers to ATC TRS II LLC, a Delaware limited liability company.
● | “AST Equityholders” refers to Avellan, Invesat, Vodafone, American Tower, Samsung and Rakuten USA.
● | “AST LLC” refers to AST & Science, LLC, a Delaware limited liability corporation.
● | “AST LLC Common Unit” means a unit of ownership interest in AST LLC, which entitles the holder thereof to the distributions, allocations and other rights under the A&R Operating Agreement.
● | “Avellan” refers to Abel Avellan.
● | “Board of Directors” refers to our board of directors.
● | “Business Combination” refers to the transactions contemplated by the Equity Purchase Agreement.
● | “Bylaws” are to our Amended and Restated Bylaws.
● | “Charter” are to our Second Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation.
● | “Class A Common Stock” means the shares of class A common stock, par value $0.0001 per share, of the Company.
● | “Class B Common Stock” means the shares of class B common stock, par value $0.0001 per share, of the Company.
● | “Class C Common Stock” means the shares of class C common stock, par value $0.0001 per share, of the Company.
● | “Class C Share Voting Amount” is to the “Class C Share Voting Amount,” as such term is defined in the Charter, which is a number of votes per share equal to (i) (x) 88.3%, minus (y) the total voting power of the outstanding stock of SpaceMobile (other than Class C Common Stock) owned or controlled by Avellan and his permitted transferees, divided by (ii) the number of shares of Class C Common Stock then outstanding.
● | “Closing” refers to the completion of the Business Combination.
● | “Common Stock” refers collectively to Class A Common Stock, Class B Common Stock and Class C Common Stock.
● | “Equity Purchase Agreement” refers to that certain Equity Purchase Agreement, dated as of December 15, 2020, by and among AST & Science, LLC, New Providence Acquisition Corp., New Providence Management LLC, the AST Existing Equityholder Representative and the Existing Equityholders.
● | “Exchange Act” refers to the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. ii ● | “Existing Equityholder(s)” refers to the equityholders of AST LLC pursuant to the Prior AST Operating Agreement.
● | “Invesat” refers to Invesat LLC, a Delaware limited liability company.
● | “IoT” refers to internet of things.
● | “Nano” refers to the Company’s 51% owned and controlled subsidiaries, Nano Avionica UAB, a private limited liability company organized and existing under the law of the Republic of Lithuania, and NanoAvionics US LLC, a Delaware limited liability company.
● | “Prior AST Operating Agreement” refers to that certain Fourth Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company Operating Agreement of AST LLC.
● | “Public Warrants” refers to the warrants sold by the Company as part of the units in its initial public offering.
● | “Rakuten” refers to Rakuten Mobile Singapore PTE. LTD, a Singapore private limited company.
● | “Rakuten USA” refers to Rakuten Mobile USA Service Inc., a Delaware corporation.
● | “Samsung” refers to Samsung Next Fund LLC, a Delaware venture capital investment fund.
● | “SpaceMobile Service” refers to the global direct mobile broadband network that is expected to provide connectivity to any standard, unmodified, off-the-shelf mobile phone or 2G/3G/4G LTE/5G and IoT enabled device from the Company’s satellite network.
● | “Sponsor” refers to New Providence Acquisition Management LLC, a Delaware limited liability company.
● | “Stockholder Parties” refers collectively to Sponsor and the AST Equityholders.
● | “Stockholders’ Agreement” refers to that certain Stockholders’ Agreement, dated as of April 6, 2021, by and among the Company and the Stockholder Parties.
● | “Sunset Date” refers to the Sunset Date described in the Stockholders’ Agreement, which is the earliest to occur of (i) Avellan’s retirement or resignation from the Board of Directors, (ii) the date on which Avellan and his permitted transferees beneficially own less than 20% of the Class A Common Stock that Avellan beneficially owns as of immediately after the Closing and (iii) Avellan’s death or permanent incapacitation.
● | “Vodafone” refers to Vodafone Ventures Limited, a private limited company incorporated under the laws of England and Wales.
● | “Warrant Agreement” refers to that certain Warrant Agreement, dated as of September 13, 2019, between Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company and the Company.
● | “2G,” “3G” and “5G” each refer to generations of mobile technology.
● | “4G LTE” refers to fourth generation long-term evolution. Additionally,
references in this prospectus to “SpaceMobile,” the “Company,” the “registrant,” “we,”
“us” and “our” in this prospectus refer to AST SpaceMobile, Inc. (formerly known as New Providence Acquisition
Corp.), and references to our “management” or our “management team” refer to our officers and directors. iii ABOUT
THIS PROSPECTUS This
prospectus is part of a registration statement that we filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission,
or SEC, using a “shelf” registration process. Under this shelf registration process, we may sell any combination of
the securities described in this prospectus in one or more offerings up to a total aggregate offering price of $500,000,000 (or the equivalent
thereof in any other currency). This prospectus provides you with a general description of the securities we may offer. Each
time we sell securities under this prospectus, we will provide a prospectus supplement that will contain specific information about the
terms of that offering. We may also authorize one or more free writing prospectuses to be provided to you that may contain material information
relating to these offerings. The prospectus supplement and any related free writing prospectus that we may authorize to be provided to
you may also add, update or change information contained in this prospectus or in any documents that we have incorporated by reference
into this prospectus. You should read this prospectus, any applicable prospectus supplement and any related free writing prospectus,
together with the information incorporated herein by reference as described under the heading “ Where
You Can Find More Information ”, before investing in any of the securities offered. 1 CAUTIONARY
NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS Certain
statements in this prospectus may constitute “forward-looking statements” for purposes of the federal securities laws. Forward-looking
statements include, but are not limited to, statements regarding our expectations, hopes, beliefs, intentions or strategies regarding
the future. In addition, any statements that refer to projections, forecasts or other characterizations of future events or circumstances,
including any underlying assumptions, are forward-looking statements. Words such as “expect,” “believe,” “anticipate,”
“intend,” “estimate,” “seek” and variations and similar words and expressions are intended to identify
such forward-looking statements, but the absence of these words does not mean that a statement is not forward-looking. Forward-looking
statements in this prospectus may include, for example, statements about: ● | our strategies and future financial performance, including our business plans or objectives, products and services, pricing, marketing plans, operating expenses, market trends, revenues, liquidity, cash flows, uses of cash and capital expenditures;
● | expected functionality of the SpaceMobile Service;
● | anticipated timing and level of deployment of satellites, anticipated demand and acceptance of mobile satellite services;
● | prospective performance and commercial opportunities and competitors;
● | our ability to finance our operations and research and development activities;
● | commercial partnership acquisition and retention;
● | our success in retaining or recruiting, or changes required in, our officers, key employees or directors;
● | our expansion plans and opportunities;
● | our ability to comply with domestic and foreign regulatory regimes and the timing of obtaining regulatory approvals;
● | our ability to invest in growth initiatives and enter into new geographic markets;
● | the impact of the novel coronavirus (“COVID-19”) pandemic;
● | our ability to deal appropriately with conflicts of interest in the ordinary course of our business; and
● | other factors detailed under the section entitled “Risk Factors.” These
forward-looking statements are based on information available as of the date of this prospectus and current expectations, forecasts and
assumptions, and involve a number of judgments, risks and uncertainties. Accordingly, forward-looking statements should not be relied
upon as representing our views as of any subsequent date, and we do not undertake any obligation to update forward-looking statements
to reflect events or circumstances after the date they were made, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise,
except as may be required under applicable securities laws. As
a result of a number of known and unknown risks and uncertainties, our actual results or performance may be materially different from
those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. You should not place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements. 2 RISK
FACTORS Investing
in our securities involves risks. You should carefully review the risk factors contained under the heading “Risk Factors”
in our most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K and any risk factors that we may describe in our Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, or Current
Reports on Form 8-K filed subsequently, which risk factors are incorporated by reference in this prospectus, the information contained
under the heading “Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements” in this prospectus or under any similar heading
in any applicable prospectus supplement or in any document incorporated herein or therein by reference, any specific risk factors discussed
under the caption “Risk Factors” in any applicable prospectus supplement or in any document incorporated herein or therein
by reference and the other information contained in, or incorporated by reference in, this prospectus or any applicable prospectus supplement
before making an investment decision. The risks and uncertainties described in our SEC filings are not the only ones facing us. Additional
risks and uncertainties not presently known to us, or that we currently see as immaterial, may also harm our business. If any such risks
and uncertainties actually occur, our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and prospects could be materially
and adversely affected, the market price of our securities could decline, and you could lose all or part of your investment. See “Where
You Can Find More Information; Incorporation by Reference” and “Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements.” 3 OUR
COMPANY We
are an innovative satellite designer and manufacturer. We operate from six locations that include our corporate headquarters and 185,000
square foot satellite assembly, integrating and testing facilities in Midland, Texas, and engineering and development centers in Maryland,
Spain, the United Kingdom and Israel. Also, our 51% owned and controlled subsidiary, Nano, is headquartered in Lithuania. We
and our global partners are building what we believe is the first space-based cellular broadband network designed to be accessible by
standard mobile phones. Our SpaceMobile Service is expected to provide cost-effective, high-speed mobile broadband services with global
coverage to end-users, regardless of where they live or work, without the need to purchase special equipment. We believe the SpaceMobile
Service would be the first global direct mobile broadband network using Low Earth Orbit (“LEO”) satellites to provide connectivity
to any standard, unmodified, off-the-shelf mobile phone or 2G/3G/4G LTE/5G and IoT-enabled device. Our innovative satellite designs and
components are expected to reduce the communication delay effects which existing geostationary satellite systems experience. The SpaceMobile
Service is being designed to provide global coverage for users traveling in and out of areas without terrestrial mobile services on land,
at sea or in flight. We
are partnering with Mobile Network Operators (“MNOs”) to offer the SpaceMobile Service to the MNOs’ end-user customers.
Our vision is that users will not need to subscribe to the SpaceMobile Service directly with us, nor will they need to purchase any new
or additional equipment. We do not anticipate that mobile device manufacturers could unilaterally prohibit the SpaceMobile Service from
being offered on their devices, as the service is designed to be complementary to the existing cellular broadband service offered by
MNOs. We expect that users will be able to access the SpaceMobile Service when prompted on their device that they are no longer covered
by the terrestrial cellular infrastructure of the MNO with the ability to immediately connect or purchase a subscription plan directly
with their existing MNO. We generally seek to use a revenue-sharing business model in our agreements with MNOs. As of the date hereof,
we have entered into preliminary agreements and understandings with MNOs which collectively cover approximately 1.8 billion mobile subscribers,
of which approximately 1.0 billion mobile subscribers are covered by preliminary agreements and understandings that provide for revenue-sharing
with us. We estimate that the global market opportunity for our services is more than $1.1 trillion, according to Groupe Speciale Mobile
Association market data, which represents approximately 5.3 billion mobile subscribers that are constantly moving in and out of coverage.
Additionally, approximately 3.7 billion people are unconnected to cellular broadband, including 450.0 million people globally that live
in areas with no connectivity or mobile cellular coverage. The
SpaceMobile Service is expected to enable MNOs to augment and extend their coverage by using the MNOs’ spectrum resources without
building towers or other land-based infrastructure, including where it is not cost-justified or is difficult due to environmental challenges,
such as mountainous or rugged terrain or maritime or aeronautical applications. The
SpaceMobile Service is currently planned to be provided through a network of 168 high-powered, large phased-array satellites in LEO.
The worldwide mobile traffic will be directed by the SpaceMobile constellation to terrestrial gateways via high-throughput Q/V-band links
and then directed to the in-country MNOs’ core cellular network infrastructure, located at our dedicated gateways. We anticipate
that users will be able to connect to the SpaceMobile Service as if they were using a local cell tower, with less communication delay
effects than existing geostationary satellite communication systems experience. On
April 1, 2019, we launched our first test satellite, the BlueWalker 1, which was used to validate our satellite to cellular architecture
and was capable of managing communications delays from LEO and the effects of doppler in a satellite to ground cellular environment using
the 4G LTE protocol. We are currently completing the assembly and testing of our BlueWalker 3 (“BW3”) test satellite. The
BW3 test satellite is substantially complete having undergone over 700 tests of its capabilities and systems and is targeted to launch
in the summer of 2022. However, the exact timing of such launch is contingent on a number of factors, including satisfactory and timely
completion of testing of BW3. We are also currently developing and designing our constellation of BlueBird (“BB”) satellites.
In order to meet our production and launch targets, we are actively engaged in the procurement of long lead-time satellite componentry
and electronics for our BB satellites. We are currently planning to begin launching our first commercial BB satellites during 2023 and
expect this to continue through 2025. We are currently targeting to achieve substantial global mobile coverage after the launch of a
total of 110 satellites by the end of 2024 and multiple input multiple output capabilities during 2025 after the launch of a total of
168 satellites. Our current plan is subject to numerous uncertainties, many of which are beyond our control, including satisfactory and
timely completion of assembly and testing of the satellites, availability of launch windows by the launch providers, proposed orbits
and resulting satellite coverage, launch costs, ability to enter into agreements with MNOs, regulatory approvals and other factors. Accordingly,
we may adopt a deployment strategy that may differ materially from our current plan. 4 The
SpaceMobile Service has not yet generated revenue and is not expected to generate revenue until after the commercial launch of the SpaceMobile
Service. After we begin to launch and deploy our BB satellites during 2023, we may seek to generate revenue by providing a limited SpaceMobile
Service in certain countries. The limited SpaceMobile Service would not be available on a continuous basis, and our ability to offer
such limited services is dependent upon numerous factors, including execution of definitive commercial agreements with MNOs, agreement
by MNOs to provide limited services to their end-user customers, end-user customer acceptance, pricing, availability of active satellites
over the applicable countries, regulatory approvals and other factors. As we continue to launch and deploy additional BB satellites during
2024 and 2025, we expect to generate revenue after the commercial launch of the SpaceMobile Service in certain geographical locations
beginning in 2024. On
April 6, 2021, we completed the Business Combination with New Providence Acquisition Corp. (“NPA”), under which NPA was renamed
“AST SpaceMobile, Inc.,” and we were organized as an umbrella partnership-C corporation (“Up-C”) structure. As
a result of our Up-C structure, we are a holding company and, accordingly, all the business of AST LLC is held directly by AST LLC, of
which we are the Managing Member, and our only direct asset consists of the AST LLC Common Units. As the Managing Member of AST LLC,
we have full, exclusive and complete discretion to manage and control the business of AST LLC and to take all action we deem necessary,
appropriate, advisable, incidental or convenient to accomplish the purposes of AST LLC set forth in the A&R Operating Agreement,
and, accordingly, we present our financial statements on a consolidated basis with AST LLC for all periods following the Business Combination.
As of the open of trading on April 7, 2021, the Class A Common Stock and warrants of AST SpaceMobile, formerly those of NPA, began trading
on Nasdaq as “ASTS” and “ASTSW,” respectively. Our
principal executive offices are located at Midland International Air & Space Port, 2901 Enterprise Lane, Midland, Texas 79706, and
our telephone number is (432) 276-3966. Our website address is www.ast-science.com. Information contained on our website is not a part
of this prospectus, and the inclusion of our website address in this prospectus is an inactive textual reference only. 5 USE
OF PROCEEDS We
intend to use the net proceeds from the sales of the securities in the manner set forth in the applicable prospectus supplement, which
may include general corporate purposes. 6 DESCRIPTION
OF SECURITIES The
descriptions of the securities contained in this prospectus, together with the applicable prospectus supplements, summarize all of the
material terms and provisions of the various types of securities that we may offer. The following summary is not intended to be a complete
summary of the rights and preferences of our securities. The full text of the Charter and Bylaws is included as exhibits to the registration
statement of which this prospectus forms a part. You are encouraged to read the applicable provisions of Delaware law, the Charter and
the Bylaws in their entirety for a complete description of the rights and preferences of our securities. We will describe in the applicable
prospectus supplement relating to any securities the particular terms of the securities offered by that prospectus supplement. If we
indicate in the applicable prospectus supplement, the terms of the securities may differ from the terms we have summarized below. We
may also include in the prospectus supplement information about material United States federal income tax considerations relating to
the securities, and the securities exchange, if any, on which the securities will be listed. Common
Stock Voting Under
our Charter, holders of Class A Common Stock, Class B Common Stock and Class C Common Stock will vote together as a single class on all
matters submitted to the stockholders for their vote or approval, except as required by applicable law. Holders of Class A Common Stock
and Class B Common Stock are entitled to one vote per share on all matters submitted to the stockholders for their vote or approval.
Prior to the Sunset Date, the holders of Class C Common Stock are entitled to the lesser of (i) 10 votes per share and (ii) the Class
C Share Voting Amount on all matters submitted to stockholders for their vote or approval. From and after the Sunset Date, which, as
defined in the Stockholders’ Agreement, is the earliest to occur of (i) the retirement or resignation of Avellan from the Board
of Directors, (ii) the date on which Avellan and his permitted transferees beneficially own less than 20% of the Class A Common Stock
that Avellan beneficially owns as of immediately after the closing of the initial business combination contemplated by that certain Equity
Purchase Agreement, dated as of December 15, 2020, by and among AST LLC, New Providence Acquisition Corp., New Providence Management
LLC, the AST Existing Equityholder Representative and the Equity Purchase Agreement and (iii) Avellan’s death or permanent incapacitation,
holders of Class C Common Stock will be entitled to one vote per share. As
of March 31, 2022, Avellan and his permitted transferees control, as a group, approximately 88.3% of the combined voting power of the
Common Stock as a result of their ownership of all of the Class C Common Stock. Accordingly, Avellan controls the Company’s business
policies and affairs and can control any action requiring the general approval of its stockholders, including the election of our Board
of Directors, the adoption of amendments to its certificate of incorporation and bylaws and approval of any merger or sale of substantially
all of its assets. Until the Sunset Date, Avellan will continue to control the outcome of matters submitted to the stockholders. Dividends The
holders of Class A Common Stock are entitled to receive dividends, as and if declared by our Board of Directors out of legally available
funds. With respect to stock dividends, holders of Class A Common Stock must receive Class A Common Stock. The
holders of Class B Common Stock and Class C Common Stock will not have any right to receive dividends other than stock dividends consisting
of shares of Class B Common Stock or Class C Common Stock, as applicable, in each case paid proportionally with respect to each outstanding
share of Class B Common Stock or Class C Common Stock. Liquidation
or Dissolution Upon
our liquidation or dissolution, the holders of all classes of Common Stock are entitled to their respective par value, and the holders
of Class A Common Stock will then be entitled to share ratably in those of our assets that are legally available for distribution to
stockholders after payment of liabilities and subject to the prior rights of any holders of preferred stock then outstanding. Other than
their par value, the holders of Class B Common Stock and Class C Common Stock will not have any right to receive a distribution upon
a liquidation or dissolution of the Company. 7 Conversion,
Transferability and Exchange Subject
to the terms of the A&R Operating Agreement, the members of AST LLC (other than the Company) may from time to time cause AST LLC
to redeem any or all of their units of ownership interest in AST LLC which entitle the holder thereof to the distributions, allocations
and other rights under the A&R Operating Agreement in exchange for, at the Company’s election (subject to certain exceptions),
either cash (based on the market price for a share of the Class A Common Stock) (the “Existing Equityholder Cash Out”) or
shares of Class A Common Stock (the “Existing Equityholder Share Settlement”); provided that the Company’s election
to effect such redemption as an Existing Equityholder Cash Out or an Existing Equityholder Share Settlement must be approved by a committee
of our Board of Directors comprised solely of directors who were not nominated pursuant to the Stockholders’ Agreement or other
contractual right by, and are not otherwise affiliated with, holders of Class B Common Stock or Class C Common Stock. At the Company’s
election, such transaction may be effectuated via a direct exchange of Class A Common Stock or cash by the Company for the redeemed AST
LLC Common Units (an “Existing Equityholder Direct Exchange”). Our
Charter provides that (a) if a holder of Class B Common Stock exercises either the Existing Equityholder Cash Out, or the Existing Equityholder
Share Settlement or the Existing Equityholder Direct Exchange (collectively, the “Existing Equityholder Conversion”), then
the number of shares of Class B Common Stock held by such holder equal to the number of AST LLC Common Units so redeemed, cashed out
or exchanged will automatically be cancelled by the Company for no consideration, and (b) if a holder of Class C Common Stock (i) exercises
the Existing Equityholder Cash Out or (ii) exercises the Existing Equityholder Share Settlement or the Existing Equityholder Direct Exchange
and subsequently transfers the Class A Common Stock issued in connection with such redemption and exchange to a person or entity other
than Avellan and his permitted transferees, then the number of Class C Common Stock held by such holder equal to the number of AST LLC
Common Units so redeemed and exchanged then transferred or cashed out will automatically be cancelled by the Company for no consideration.
If Avellan and his permitted transferees exercise the Existing Equityholder Conversion, then the voting power of the Class C Common Stock
is reduced commensurate with the voting power of the newly issued Class A Common Stock. The voting power of the Class C Common Stock
will be further adjusted if Avellan or his permitted transferees transfer Class A Common Stock to a person or entity that is not Avellan
or his permitted transferees. We
may not issue Class B Common Stock or Class C Common Stock such that after the issuance of Class B Common Stock or Class C Common Stock
the holder of such stock does not hold an identical number of AST LLC Common Units. Other
Provisions None
of the Class A Common Stock, Class B Common Stock or Class C Common Stock has any preemptive or other subscription rights. Preferred
Stock We
are authorized to issue up to 100,000,000 shares of preferred stock. Our Board of Directors is authorized, subject to limitations prescribed
by Delaware law and our Charter, to determine the terms and conditions of the preferred stock, including whether the shares of preferred
stock will be issued in one or more series, the number of shares to be included in each series and the powers (including the voting power),
designations, preferences and rights of the shares. Our Board of Directors will also be authorized to designate any qualifications, limitations
or restrictions on the shares without any further vote or action by the stockholders. The issuance of preferred stock may have the effect
of delaying, deferring or preventing a change in control of the Company and may adversely affect the voting and other rights of the holders
of Class A Common Stock, Class B Common Stock and Class C Common Stock, which could have a negative impact on the market price of the
Class A Common Stock. 8 Exclusive
Forum Our
Bylaws provide that, to the fullest extent permitted by law, and unless we provide notice in writing to the selection of an alternative
forum, the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware will be the sole and exclusive forum for (i) any derivative action or proceeding
brought on our behalf, (ii) any action asserting a claim of breach of a fiduciary duty owed to us or to our stockholders by any of our
directors, officers, employees or agents, (iii) any action asserting a claim arising pursuant to any provision of the General Corporation
Law of the State of Delaware (the “DGCL”), our Charter or our Bylaws or as to which the DGCL confers jurisdiction on the
Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware or (iv) any action asserting a claim governed by the internal affairs doctrine, in each such
case subject to such Court of Chancery having personal jurisdiction over the indispensable parties named as defendants therein. Our Bylaws
further provide that the federal district courts of the United States will be the exclusive forum for resolving any complaint asserting
a cause of action arising under the Securities Act. There is uncertainty as to whether a court would enforce such a provision relating
to causes of action arising under the Securities Act, and investors cannot waive compliance with the federal securities laws and the
rules and regulations thereunder. The clauses described above will not apply to suits brought to enforce a duty or liability created
by the Exchange Act or any other claim for which the federal courts have exclusive jurisdiction. Anti-Takeover
Effects of Provisions of Our Charter and Bylaws The
provisions of our Charter and Bylaws and of the DGCL summarized below may have an anti-takeover effect and may delay, defer or prevent
a tender offer or takeover attempt that you might consider in your best interest, including an attempt that might result in your receipt
of a premium over the market price for your shares of Class A Common Stock. Our
Charter and Bylaws contain certain provisions that are intended to enhance the likelihood of continuity and stability in the composition
of our Board of Directors and that may have the effect of delaying, deferring or preventing our future takeover or change in control
unless such takeover or change in control is approved by our Board of Directors. These
provisions include: Action
by Written Consent; Special Meetings of Stockholders . Our Charter provides that stockholder action can be taken only at an annual
or special meeting of stockholders and cannot be taken by written consent in lieu of a meeting. Our Charter and Bylaws also provide that,
subject to any special rights of the holders of any series of preferred stock and except as otherwise required by applicable law, special
meetings of the stockholders can only be called by our Board of Directors, the chairman of our Board of Directors, or, until the earlier
of (i) the Sunset Date or (ii) the time we are no longer a “controlled company,” by our secretary at the request of holders
representing a majority of the total voting power of our issued and outstanding capital stock entitled to vote in the election of directors,
voting together as a single class. Except as described above, stockholders are not permitted to call a special meeting or to require
our Board of Directors to call a special meeting. Advance
Notice Procedures . Our Bylaws establish an advance notice procedure for stockholder proposals to be brought before an annual meeting
of our stockholders, and for stockholder nominations of persons for election to our Board of Directors to be brought before an annual
or special meeting of stockholders. Stockholders at an annual meeting will only be able to consider proposals or nominations specified
in the notice of meeting or brought before the meeting by or at the direction of our Board of Directors or by a stockholder who was a
stockholder of record on the record date for the meeting, who is entitled to vote at the meeting and who has given our Secretary timely
written notice, in proper form, of the stockholder’s intention to bring that business or nomination before the meeting. Although
our Bylaws do not give our Board of Directors the power to approve or disapprove stockholder nominations of candidates or proposals regarding
other business to be conducted at a special or annual meeting, as applicable, our Bylaws may have the effect of precluding the conduct
of certain business at a meeting if the proper procedures are not followed or may discourage or deter a potential acquirer from conducting
a solicitation of proxies to elect its own slate of directors or otherwise attempting to obtain control of us. 9 Authorized
But Unissued Shares . Our authorized but unissued shares of Common Stock and preferred stock will be available for future issuance
without stockholder approval, subject to, in the case of the Class A Common Stock, the rules of the securities exchange on which the
Class A Common Stock is listed. These additional shares may be utilized for a variety of corporate purposes, including future public
offerings to raise additional capital, corporate acquisitions, in connection with the redemption or exchange of AST LLC Common Units
and employee benefit plans. The existence of authorized but unissued shares of Common Stock and preferred stock, coupled with the extraordinary
voting right of the Class C Common Stock, could render more difficult or discourage an attempt to obtain control of a majority of our
Common Stock by means of a proxy contest, tender offer, merger or otherwise. Business
Combinations with Interested Stockholders . Our Charter provides that we are not subject to Section 203 of the DGCL, an anti-takeover
law. In general, Section 203 prohibits a publicly held Delaware corporation from engaging in a business combination, such as a merger,
with an “interested stockholder” (which includes a person or group owning 15% or more of the corporation’s voting stock)
for a period of three years following the date the person became an interested stockholder, unless (with certain exceptions) the business
combination or the transaction in which the person became an interested stockholder is approved in a prescribed manner. Accordingly,
we are not subject to any anti-takeover effects of Section 203. Limitations
on Liability and Indemnification of Officers and Directors Our
Bylaws limit the liability of our directors and officers to the fullest extent permitted by the DGCL and provide that we will provide
them with customary indemnification and advancement and prepayment of expenses. We have entered into customary indemnification agreements
with each of our executive officers and directors that provide them, in general, with customary indemnification in connection with their
service to us or on our behalf. Our
Bylaws provide that, to the fullest extent permitted by law, and unless we provide notice in writing to the selection of an alternative
forum, the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware will be the sole and exclusive forum for (i) any derivative action, suit or proceeding
brought on our behalf, (ii) any action asserting a claim of breach of a fiduciary duty owed to us or to our stockholders by any of our
directors, officers, employees or agents, (iii) any action, suit or proceeding arising pursuant to any provision of the DGCL or our Charter
or Bylaws or (iv) any action, suit or proceeding asserting a claim against us governed by the internal affairs doctrine, in each such
case subject to such Court of Chancery having personal jurisdiction over the indispensable parties named as defendants therein. Our Charter
further provides that the federal district courts of the United States will be the exclusive forum for resolving any complaint asserting
a cause of action arising under the Securities Act. There is uncertainty as to whether a court would enforce such a provision relating
to causes of action arising under the Securities Act, and investors cannot waive compliance with the federal securities laws and the
rules and regulations thereunder. The clauses described above will not apply to suits brought to enforce a duty or liability created
by the Exchange Act or any other claim for which the federal courts have exclusive jurisdiction. Transfer
Agent and Registrar The
transfer agent for our Common Stock is Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company. Each person investing in our Class A Common Stock
held through The Depository Trust Company must rely on the procedures thereof and on institutions that have accounts therewith to exercise
any rights of a holder of our Class A Common Stock. For
as long as any shares of our Class A Common Stock are listed on Nasdaq or on any other stock exchange operating in the United States,
the laws of the State of New York shall apply to the property law aspects of our Class A Common Stock (including securities exercisable
for or convertible into our Class A Common Stock) reflected in the register administered by our transfer agent. We
have listed shares of our Class A Common Stock in registered form and such shares, through the transfer agent, will not be certificated.
We have appointed Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company as our agent in New York to maintain our stockholders’ register
on behalf of our Board of Directors and to act as transfer agent and registrar for our Class A Common Stock. Shares of our Class A Common
Stock are traded on Nasdaq in book-entry form. The
warrant agent for the warrants is Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company. 10 Debt
Securities—Senior Debt Securities and Subordinated Debt Securities We
may sell debt securities, including senior debt securities and subordinated debt securities, which may be senior or subordinated in priority
of payment. We will provide a prospectus supplement that describes the ranking, whether senior or subordinated, the level of seniority
or subordination (as applicable), the specific designation, the aggregate principal amount, the purchase price, the maturity, the redemption
terms, the interest rate or manner of calculating the interest rate, the time of payment of interest, if any, the terms for any conversion
or exchange, including the terms relating to the adjustment of any conversion or exchange mechanism, the listing, if any, on a securities
exchange and any other specific terms of any debt securities that we may issue from time to time. As
required by U.S. federal law for all bonds and notes of companies that are publicly offered, our debt securities will be governed by
a document called an indenture. Senior debt securities will be issued under a senior indenture and subordinated debt securities will
be issued under a subordinated indenture, in each case, with the specific terms and conditions set forth in a supplemental indenture
or company order. Unless
otherwise stated in the applicable prospectus supplement, the aggregate principal amount of debt securities that may be issued under
the applicable indenture is unlimited. The debt securities may be issued in one or more series as may be authorized from time to time.
The prospectus supplement relating to any series of debt securities will describe the specific terms of such debt securities. Unless
otherwise stated in the applicable prospectus supplement, we may issue additional debt securities of a particular series without the
consent of the holders of the debt securities of such series or any other series outstanding at the time of issuance. Any such additional
debt securities, together with all other outstanding debt securities of that series, will constitute a single series of securities under
the applicable indenture. United
States federal income tax consequences and special considerations, if any, applicable to any such series will be described in the applicable
prospectus supplement. Unless otherwise stated in the applicable prospectus supplement, the debt securities will not be listed on any
securities exchange. We
expect the debt securities to be issued in fully registered form without coupons. Subject to the limitations provided in the applicable
indenture and in the applicable prospectus supplement, debt securities that are issued in registered form may be transferred or exchanged
at the designated corporate trust office of the trustee, without the payment of any service charge, other than any tax or other governmental
charge payable in connection therewith. Unless
otherwise stated in the applicable prospectus supplement, the debt securities of a series may be issued in whole or in part in the form
of one or more global securities that will be deposited with, or on behalf of, a depositary identified in the applicable prospectus supplement.
Global securities will be issued in registered form and in either temporary or definitive form. Unless and until it is exchanged in whole
or in part for the individual debt securities, a global security may not be transferred except as a whole by the depositary for such
global security to a nominee of such depositary or by a nominee of such depositary to such depositary or another nominee of such depositary
or by such depositary or any such nominee to a successor of such depositary or a nominee of such successor. The specific terms of the
depositary arrangement with respect to any debt securities of a series and the rights of and limitations upon owners of beneficial interests
in a global security will be described in the applicable prospectus supplement. The
law governing the indenture and the debt securities will be identified in the prospectus supplement relating to the applicable indenture
and debt securities. Listing
of Class A Common Stock and Warrants Our
Class A Common Stock and warrants are listed on Nasdaq under the symbols “ASTS” and “ASTSW,” respectively. Authorized
and Outstanding Capital Stock Our
Charter authorizes the issuance of 1,225,000,000 shares, of which 800,000,000 shares are shares of Class A Common Stock, par value $0.0001
per share, 200,000,000 shares are shares of Class B Common Stock, par value $0.0001 per share, 125,000,000 shares are shares of Class
C Common Stock, par value $0.0001 per share, and 100,000,000 shares are shares of preferred stock, par value $0.0001 per share. As
of June 6, 2022, we had approximately 51,900,775 shares of Class A Common Stock, 51,636,922 shares of Class B Common Stock, 78,163,078
shares of Class C Common Stock and warrants to purchase 17,598,693 shares of Class A Common Stock, issued and outstanding. As of such
date, there were 24 holders of record of Class A Common Stock, seven holders of record of Class B Common Stock, one holder of record
of Class C Common Stock and five holders of record of warrants. 11 PLAN
OF DISTRIBUTION We
may sell, transfer or otherwise dispose of the securities covered by this prospectus in any of the following ways (or in any combination
thereof): ●
to or through underwriters or dealers; ● through agents; or ●
directly to one or more purchasers. These
dispositions may be at fixed prices (which may change), at prevailing market prices at the time of sale, at prices related to the prevailing
market price, at varying prices determined at the time of sale or at negotiated prices. To
the extent required by law, a prospectus supplement or supplements (and any related free writing prospectus that we may authorize to
be provided to you) will describe the terms of the offering of the securities, including, as applicable: ●
the name or names of any underwriters, dealers or agents and the amounts of securities underwritten or purchased by each of them; ●
the purchase price of the securities and the proceeds we will receive from the sale; ●
any over-allotment options under which underwriters may purchase additional securities from us; ●
any agency fees or underwriting discounts and other items constituting agents’ or underwriters’ compensation; ●
any public offering price; ●
any discounts, commissions or concessions allowed or reallowed or paid to dealers; and ●
any securities exchange or market on which the securities may be listed. Any
public offering price and any discounts or concessions allowed or reallowed or paid to dealers may be changed from time to time. If
underwriters are used in the sale of the securities, they will acquire such securities for their own account and may resell the securities
from time to time in one or more transactions at a fixed public offering price or at varying prices determined at the time of sale. The
obligations of the underwriters to purchase the securities will be subject to the conditions set forth in the applicable underwriting
agreement. We may offer the securities to the public through underwriting syndicates represented by managing underwriters or by underwriters
without a syndicate. Subject to certain conditions, the underwriters will be obligated to purchase all of the securities offered by the
prospectus supplement. Any public offering price and any discounts or concessions allowed or reallowed or paid to dealers may change
from time to time. We may use underwriters with whom we have a material relationship. We will describe in the prospectus supplement,
naming the underwriter, the nature of any such relationship. We
may sell securities directly or through agents we designate from time to time. The prospectus supplement will name any agent involved
in the offer or sale of the securities and any commissions we pay to them. Unless the prospectus supplement states otherwise, any agent
will act on a best-efforts basis for the period of its appointment. 12 We
may authorize agents or underwriters to solicit offers by certain types of institutional investors to purchase securities from us at
the public offering price set forth in the prospectus supplement pursuant to delayed delivery contracts providing for payment and delivery
on a specified date in the future. The prospectus supplement will set forth the conditions to these contracts and the commissions we
must pay for solicitation of these contracts. We
may provide agents and underwriters with indemnification against civil liabilities related to this offering, including liabilities under
the Securities Act, or contribution with respect to payments that the agents or underwriters may make with respect to these liabilities.
Agents and underwriters may engage in transactions with, or perform services for, us in the ordinary course of business. All
securities we offer, other than Class A Common Stock, will be new issues of securities with no established trading market. Any underwriters
may make a market in these securities, but will not be obligated to do so and may discontinue any market making at any time without notice.
We cannot guarantee the liquidity of the trading markets for any securities. Any
underwriter may engage in overallotment, stabilizing transactions, short covering transactions and penalty bids in accordance with Regulation
M under the Exchange Act. Overallotment involves sales in excess of the offering size, which create a short position. Stabilizing transactions
permit bids to purchase the underlying security so long as the stabilizing bids do not exceed a specified maximum. Short covering transactions
involve purchases of the securities in the open market after the distribution is completed to cover short positions. Penalty bids permit
the underwriters to reclaim a selling concession from a dealer when the securities originally sold by the dealer are purchased in a stabilizing
or covering transaction to cover short positions. Those activities may cause the price of the securities to be higher than it would otherwise
be. If commenced, the underwriters may discontinue any of the activities at any time. These transactions may be effected on any exchange
or over-the-counter market or otherwise. Any
underwriters that are qualified market makers on Nasdaq may engage in passive market making transactions in the securities on Nasdaq
in accordance with Regulation M under the Exchange Act during the business day prior to the pricing of the offering, before the commencement
of offers or sales of the securities. Passive market makers must comply with applicable volume and price limitations and must be identified
as passive market makers. In general, a passive market maker must display its bid at a price not in excess of the highest independent
bid for such security; if all independent bids are lowered below the passive market maker’s bid, however, the passive market maker’s
bid must then be lowered when certain purchase limits are exceeded. Passive market making may stabilize the market price of the securities
at a level above that which might otherwise prevail in the open market and, if commenced, may be discontinued at any time. 13 LEGAL
MATTERS The
validity of the securities offered by this prospectus will be passed upon for us by Sullivan & Cromwell LLP, New York, New York. 14 EXPERTS The
consolidated financial statements of the Company as of December 31, 2021 and for the year ended December 31, 2021 incorporated by reference
in this Prospectus and in the Registration Statement have been so incorporated in reliance of the report of KPMG LLP, an independent
registered public accounting firm, incorporated herein by reference, given on the authority of said firm as experts in auditing and accounting. The
consolidated financial statements of the Company as of December 31, 2020 and for the year ended December 31, 2020 incorporated by reference
in this Prospectus and in the Registration Statement have been so incorporated in reliance of the report of BDO USA, LLP, an independent
registered public accounting firm, incorporated herein by reference, given on the authority of said firm as experts in auditing and accounting. 15 WHERE
YOU CAN FIND MORE INFORMATION; INCORPORATION BY REFERENCE Available
Information We
file reports, proxy statements and other information with the SEC. The SEC maintains a website that contains reports, proxy and information
statements and other information about issuers, such as us, who file electronically with the SEC. The address of that website is http://www.sec.gov . Our
website address is www.ast-science.com . The information on our website, however, is not, and should not be deemed to be, a part
of this prospectus. This
prospectus and any applicable prospectus supplement are part of a registration statement that we filed with the SEC and do not contain
all of the information in the registration statement. The full registration statement may be obtained from the SEC or us, as provided
below. Statements in this prospectus or any prospectus supplement about these documents are summaries, and each statement is qualified
in all respects by reference to the document to which it refers. You should refer to the actual documents for a more complete description
of the relevant matters. You may inspect a copy of the registration statement through the SEC’s website, as provided above. Incorporation
by Reference The
SEC’s rules allow us to “incorporate by reference” information into this prospectus, which means that we can disclose
important information to you by referring you to another document filed separately with the SEC. The information incorporated by reference
is deemed to be part of this prospectus, and subsequent information that we file with the SEC will automatically update and supersede
that information. Any statement contained in this prospectus or a previously filed document incorporated by reference will be deemed
to be modified or superseded for purposes of this prospectus to the extent that a statement contained in this prospectus or a subsequently
filed document incorporated by reference modifies or replaces that statement. This
prospectus and any accompanying prospectus supplement incorporate by reference the documents set forth below that have previously been
filed with the SEC: ● | our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021, filed with the SEC on March 31, 2022, as amended on April 22, 2022 ;
● | our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended March 31, 2022, filed with the SEC on May 16, 2022;
● | our Current Reports on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on January 20, 2022 , March 9, 2022 , March 31, 2022 , April 29, 2022 and May 6, 2022 (excluding any information furnished in such reports under Item 2.02, Item 7.01 or Item 9.01); and
● | the description of our common stock contained in our registration statement on Form S-1, filed with the SEC on May 9, 2022 , as amended on May 23, 2022 , and any amendment or report filed with the SEC for the purpose of updating the description. All
reports and other documents we subsequently file pursuant to Section 13(a), 13(c), 14 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act in this prospectus,
prior to the termination of this offering, including all such documents we may file with the SEC after the date of the initial registration
statement and prior to the effectiveness of the registration statement, but excluding any information furnished to, rather than filed
with, the SEC, will also be incorporated by reference into this prospectus and deemed to be part of this prospectus from the date of
the filing of such reports and documents. We
will provide, without charge, to each person, including any beneficial owner, to whom a copy of this prospectus is delivered, upon written
or oral request of such person, a copy of any or all of the documents incorporated by reference in this prospectus, other than exhibits
to such documents unless such exhibits are specifically incorporated by reference into such documents. Requests may be made by telephone
at (432) 276-3966, or by sending a written request to AST SpaceMobile, Inc., Midland International Air & Space Port, 2901 Enterprise
Lane, Midland, Texas 79706, Attention: Secretary. 16 AST
SpaceMobile, Inc. $500,000,000 Class
A Common Stock Preferred
Stock Debt
Securities PROSPECTUS ,
2022 PART
II INFORMATION
NOT REQUIRED IN PROSPECTUS ITEM 14. | OTHER EXPENSES OF ISSUANCE AND DISTRIBUTION. The
following table sets forth all expenses to be paid by the registrant, other than underwriting discounts and commissions, in connection
with this offering. All amounts shown are estimates. Securities and Exchange Commission registration fee | $ | 46,350
Accounting fees and expenses | *
Legal fees and expenses | *
Financial printing and miscellaneous expenses | *
Total | * *
These fees are calculated based on the securities offered and the number of issuances and accordingly cannot be estimated at this time. ITEM 15. | INDEMNIFICATION OF DIRECTORS AND OFFICERS. Subsection
(a) of Section 145 of the DGCL empowers a corporation to indemnify any person who was or is a party or who is threatened to be made a
party to any threatened, pending or completed action, suit or proceeding, whether civil, criminal, administrative or investigative (other
than an action by or in the right of the corporation), by reason of the fact that the person is or was a director, officer, employee
or agent of the corporation, or is or was serving at the request of the corporation as a director, officer, employee or agent of another
corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise, against expenses (including attorneys’ fees), judgments, fines
and amounts paid in settlement actually and reasonably incurred by the person in connection with such action, suit or proceeding if the
person acted in good faith and in a manner the person reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the corporation,
and, with respect to any criminal action or proceeding, had no reasonable cause to believe the person’s conduct was unlawful. Subsection
(b) of Section 145 empowers a corporation to indemnify any person who was or is a party or is threatened to be made a party to any threatened,
pending or completed action or suit by or in the right of the corporation to procure a judgment in its favor, by reason of the fact that
the person acted in any of the capacities set forth above, against expenses (including attorneys’ fees) actually and reasonably
incurred by the person in connection with the defense or settlement of such action or suit if the person acted in good faith and in a
manner the person reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the corporation, except that no indemnification
shall be made in respect of any claim, issue or matter as to which such person shall have been adjudged to be liable to the corporation
unless and only to the extent that the Court of Chancery or the court in which such action or suit was brought shall determine upon application
that, despite the adjudication of liability but in view of all the circumstances of the case, such person is fairly and reasonably entitled
to indemnity for such expenses which the Court of Chancery or such other court shall deem proper. Section
145 further provides that to the extent a director or officer of a corporation has been successful on the merits or otherwise in the
defense of any action, suit or proceeding referred to in subsections (a) and (b) of Section 145, or in defense of any claim, issue or
matter therein, such person shall be indemnified against expenses (including attorneys’ fees) actually and reasonably incurred
by such person in connection therewith; that indemnification provided for by Section 145 shall not be deemed exclusive of any other rights
to which the indemnified party may be entitled; and the indemnification provided for by Section 145 shall, unless otherwise provided
when authorized or ratified, continue as to a person who has ceased to be a director, officer, employee or agent and shall inure to the
benefit of such person’s heirs, executors and administrators. Section 145 also empowers the corporation to purchase and maintain
insurance on behalf of any person who is or was a director, officer, employee or agent of the corporation, or is or was serving at the
request of the corporation as a director, officer, employee or agent of another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other
enterprise, against any liability asserted against such person and incurred by such person in any such capacity, or arising out of his
status as such, whether or not the corporation would have the power to indemnify such person against such liabilities under Section 145. II- 1 Section
102(b)(7) of the DGCL provides that a corporation’s certificate of incorporation may contain a provision eliminating or limiting
the personal liability of a director to the corporation or its stockholders for monetary damages for breach of fiduciary duty as a director,
provided that such provision shall not eliminate or limit the liability of a director (i) for any breach of the director’s duty
of loyalty to the corporation or its stockholders, (ii) for acts or omissions not in good faith or which involve intentional misconduct
or a knowing violation of law, (iii) under Section 174 of the DGCL, or (iv) for any transaction from which the director derived an improper
personal benefit. Additionally,
our Charter limits the liability of our directors to the fullest extent permitted by the DGCL, and our Bylaws provide that we will indemnify
them to the fullest extent permitted by such law. We have entered into and expect to continue to enter into agreements to indemnify our
directors, executive officers and other employees as determined by our Board of Directors. Under the terms of such indemnification agreements,
we are required to indemnify each of our directors and officers, to the fullest extent permitted by the laws of the state of Delaware,
if the basis of the indemnitee’s involvement was by reason of the fact that the indemnitee is or was our director or officer or
was serving at our request in an official capacity for another entity. We must indemnify our officers and directors against all reasonable
fees, expenses, charges and other costs of any type or nature whatsoever, including any and all expenses and obligations paid or incurred
in connection with investigating, defending, being a witness in, participating in (including on appeal), or preparing to defend, be a
witness or participate in any completed, actual, pending or threatened action, suit, claim or proceeding, whether civil, criminal, administrative
or investigative, or establishing or enforcing a right to indemnification under the indemnification agreement. The indemnification agreements
also require us, if so requested, to advance all reasonable fees, expenses, charges and other costs that such director or officer incurred,
provided that such person will return any such advance if it is ultimately determined that such person is not entitled to indemnification
by us. Any claims for indemnification by our directors and officers may reduce our available funds to satisfy successful third-party
claims against us and may reduce the amount of money available to us. ITEM 16. | EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES. (a) | Exhibits. We have filed the exhibits listed on the accompanying exhibit index of this registration statement. No. | Description of Exhibit
1.1** | Form of Underwriting Agreement.
3.1 | Second Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of AST SpaceMobile, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the registrant’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on April 12, 2021).
3.2 | Amended and Restated Bylaws of AST SpaceMobile, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the registrant’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on April 12, 2021).
4.1 | Specimen Common Stock Certificate of the registrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the registrant’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on April 12, 2021).
4.2 | Specimen Warrant Certificate of the registrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the registrant’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on April 12, 2021).
4.3 | Warrant Agreement, dated September 13, 2019, between Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company and New Providence Acquisition Corp. (incorporated by reference to the registrant’s Current Report on Form 8 K filed with the SEC on September 16, 2019).
4.4** | Specimen Preferred Stock Certificate. II- 2 No. | Description of Exhibit
4.5** | Form of Certificate of Designations for Preferred Stock.
4.6** | Form of Indenture for Senior Debt Securities.
4.7** | Form of Senior Debt Security.
4.8** | Form of Indenture for Subordinated Debt Securities.
4.9** | Form of Subordinated Debt Security.
5.1* | Opinion of Sullivan & Cromwell LLP regarding the validity of the securities of AST SpaceMobile, Inc. being registered.
10.1 | Stockholders’ Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the registrant’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on April 12, 2021).
10.2 | Sponsor Voting Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the registrant’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on April 12, 2021).
10.3 | Registration Rights Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the registrant’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on April 12, 2021).
10.4 | Fifth Amended and Restated Limited Liability Limited Company Agreement of AST & Science, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the registrant’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on April 12, 2021).
10.5 | Subscription Agreement, by and between New Providence Acquisition Corp. and the undersigned subscriber party thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the registrant’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on December 16, 2020)
23.1* | Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (KPMG LLP).
23.2* | Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (BDO USA, LLP).
23.3 | Consent of Sullivan & Cromwell LLP (included as part of Exhibit 5.1).
24.1 | Power of Attorney (included on signature page to the initial filing of this registration statement).
25.1*** | Form T-1 Statement of Eligibility and Qualification under the Trust Indenture Act of 1939 of Trustee under the Indentures.
107* | Filing Fee Table.
* | Filed herewith.
** | To be filed, if applicable, by amendment or incorporated by reference pursuant to a Current Report on Form 8-K.
*** | To be filed in accordance with the requirements of Section 305(b)(2) of the Trust Indenture Act of 1939 and Rule 5b-3 thereunder. II- 3 ITEM 17. | UNDERTAKINGS. (a) | The undersigned registrant hereby undertakes: (1) | To file, during any period in which offers or sales are being made, a post-effective amendment to this registration statement: (i) | To include any prospectus required by Section 10(a)(3) of the Securities Act;
(ii) | To reflect in the prospectus any facts or events arising after the effective date of the registration statement (or the most recent post-effective amendment thereof) which individually or in the aggregate, represent a fundamental change in the information set forth in the registration statement. Notwithstanding the foregoing, any increase or decrease in volume of securities offered (if the total dollar value of securities offered would not exceed that which was registered) and any deviation from the low or high end of the estimated maximum offering range may be reflected in the form of prospectus filed with the SEC pursuant to Rule 424(b) if, in the aggregate, the changes in volume and price represent no more than a 20% change in the maximum aggregate offering price set forth in the “Calculation of Registration Fee” table in the effective registration statement; and
(iii) | To include any material information with respect to the plan of distribution not previously disclosed in the registration statement or any material change to such information in the registration statement; provided,
however , that paragraphs (a)(1)(i), (a)(1)(ii) and (a)(1)(iii) of this section do not apply if the information required to be included
in a post-effective amendment by those paragraphs is contained in reports filed with or furnished to the SEC by the registrant pursuant
to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act that are incorporated by reference in the registration statement, or is contained
in a form of prospectus filed pursuant to Rule 424(b) that is part of the registration statement. (2) | That, for the purpose of determining any liability under the Securities Act, each such post-effective amendment shall be deemed to be a new registration statement relating to the securities offered therein, and the offering of such securities at that time shall be deemed to be the initial bona fide offering thereof.
(3) | To remove from registration by means of a post-effective amendment any of the securities being registered which remain unsold at the termination of the offering.
(4) | That, for the purpose of determining liability under the Securities Act to any purchaser: (i) | Each prospectus filed by the registrant pursuant to Rule 424(b)(3) shall be deemed to be part of the registration statement as of the date the filed prospectus was deemed part of and included in the registration statement; and
(ii) | Each prospectus required to be filed pursuant to Rule 424(b)(2), (b)(5) or (b)(7) as part of a registration statement in reliance on Rule 430B relating to an offering made pursuant to Rule 415(a)(1)(i), (vii) or (x) for the purpose of providing the information required by Section 10(a) of the Securities Act shall be deemed to be part of and included in the registration statement as of the earlier of the date such form of prospectus is first used after effectiveness or the date of the first contract of sale of securities in the offering described in the prospectus. As provided in Rule 430B, for liability purposes of the issuer and any person that is at that date an underwriter, such date shall be deemed to be a new effective date of the registration statement relating to the securities in the registration statement to which that prospectus relates, and the offering of such securities at that time shall be deemed to be the initial bona fide offering thereof. Provided, however, that no statement made in a registration statement or prospectus that is part of the registration statement or made in a document incorporated or deemed incorporated by reference into the registration statement or prospectus that is part of the registration statement will, as to a purchaser with a time of contract of sale prior to such effective date, supersede or modify any statement that was made in the registration statement or prospectus that was part of the registration statement or made in any such document immediately prior to such effective date. II- 4 (5) | That, for the purpose of determining liability of the registrant under the Securities Act to any purchaser in the initial distribution of the securities, the undersigned registrant undertakes that in a primary offering of securities of the undersigned registrant pursuant to this registration statement, regardless of the underwriting method used to sell the securities to the purchaser, if the securities are offered or sold to such purchaser by means of any of the following communications, the undersigned registrant will be a seller to the purchaser and will be considered to offer or sell such securities to such purchaser: (i) | Any preliminary prospectus or prospectus of the undersigned registrant relating to the offering required to be filed pursuant to Rule 424;
(ii) | Any free writing prospectus relating to the offering prepared by or on behalf of the undersigned registrant or used or referred to by the undersigned registrant;
(iii) | The portion of any other free writing prospectus relating to the offering containing material information about the undersigned registrant or its securities provided by or on behalf of the undersigned registrant; and
(iv) | Any other communication that is an offer in the offering made by the undersigned registrant to the purchaser. (b) | The undersigned registrant hereby further undertakes: (1) | That, for purposes of determining any liability under the Securities Act, each filing of the registrant’s annual report pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act (and, where applicable, each filing of an employee benefit plan’s annual report pursuant to Section 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act) that is incorporated by reference in the registration statement shall be deemed to be a new registration statement relating to the securities offered therein, and the offering of such securities at that time shall be deemed to be the initial bona fide offering thereof.
(2) | Insofar as indemnification for liabilities arising under the Securities Act may be permitted to directors, officers and controlling persons of the registrant pursuant to the foregoing provisions, or otherwise, the registrant has been advised that in the opinion of the SEC such indemnification is against public policy as expressed in the Securities Act and is, therefore, unenforceable. In the event that a claim for indemnification against such liabilities (other than the payment by the registrant of expenses incurred or paid by a director, officer or controlling person of the registrant in the successful defense of any action, suit or proceeding) is asserted by such director, officer or controlling person in connection with the securities being registered, the registrant will, unless in the opinion of its counsel the matter has been settled by controlling precedent, submit to a court of appropriate jurisdiction the question whether such indemnification by it is against public policy as expressed in the Securities Act and will be governed by the final adjudication of such issue.
(3) | To file an application for the purpose of determining the eligibility of the trustee to act under subsection (a) of Section 310 of the Trust Indenture Act in accordance with the rules and regulations prescribed by the Commission under Section 305(b)(2) of the Act. II- 5 SIGNATURES Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Act, the registrant has duly caused this registration statement to be signed on its behalf by the
undersigned, thereunto duly authorized, in the City of Midland, State of Texas, on June 9, 2022. AST SpaceMobile, Inc.
By: | /s/ Abel Avellan
Name: | Abel Avellan
Title: | Chief Executive Officer Each
person whose signature appears below constitutes and appoints each of Abel Avellan, Sean Wallace, Brian Heller or Shanti Gupta, acting
alone or together with another attorney-in-fact, as his or her true and lawful attorney-in-fact and agent, with full power of substitution
and resubstitution, for such person and in his or her name, place and stead, in any and all capacities, to sign any or all further amendments
(including post-effective amendments) to this registration statement (and any additional registration statement related hereto permitted
by Rule 462(b) promulgated under the Securities Act of 1933 (and all further amendments, including post-effective amendments, thereto)),
and to file the same, with all exhibits thereto, and other documents in connection therewith, with the Securities and Exchange Commission,
granting unto said attorneys-in-fact and agents, and each of them, full power and authority to do and perform each and every act and
thing requisite and necessary to be done in and about the premises, as fully to all intents and purposes as he or she might or could
do in person, hereby ratifying and confirming all that said attorney-in-fact and agent, or his or her substitute or substitutes, may
lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Act, this registration statement has been signed by the following persons in the capacities and
on June 9, 2022. Signature | Title
/s/ Abel Avellan | Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
Abel Avellan | (Principal Executive Officer and Director)
/s/ Sean Wallace | Chief Financial Officer
Sean Wallace | (Principal Financial Officer)
/s/ Shanti Gupta | Chief Accounting Officer
Shanti Gupta | (Principal Accounting Officer)
/s/ Tareq Amin | Director
Tareq Amin
/s/ Adriana Cisneros | Director
Adriana Cisneros
/s/ Alexander Coleman | Director
Alexander Coleman
Director
Luke Ibbetson
/s/ Edward Knapp | Director
Edward Knapp
/s/ Hiroshi Mikitani | Director
Hiroshi Mikitani
/s/ Ronald Rubin | Director
Ronald Rubin
/s/ Richard Sarnoff | Director
Richard Sarnoff
/s/ Julio A. Torres | Director
Julio A. Torres II- 6