S-3/A 1 forms-3a.htm As
filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on November 8, 2022 Registration
No. 333-268087 UNITED
STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington,
D.C. 20549 AMENDMENT NO. 1 TO FORM
S-3 REGISTRATION
STATEMENT UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933 AST
SpaceMobile, Inc. (Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter) Delaware | 4812 | 84-2027232
(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) | (Primary Standard Industrial Classification Code Number) | (I.R.S. Employer Identification Number) Midland
International Air & Space Port 2901 Enterprise Lane Midland, Texas 79706 (432) 276-3966 (Address, including zip code, and telephone number, including area code, of registrant’s principal executive offices) Abel
Avellan Chief Executive Officer Midland International Air & Space Port 2901 Enterprise Lane Midland, Texas 79706 (432) 276-3966 (Name, address, including zip code, and telephone number, including area code, of agent for service) With
copies to: Jared M. Fishman Sullivan & Cromwell LLP 125 Broad Street New York, New York 10004 Tel: (212) 558-4000 Approximate
date of commencement of proposed sale to the public: From time to time after this registration
statement becomes effective . If
any of the securities being registered on this Form are to be offered on a delayed or continuous basis pursuant to Rule 415 under the
Securities Act of 1933 (the “Securities Act”) check the following box. ☒ If
this Form is filed to register additional securities for an offering pursuant to Rule 462(b) under the Securities Act, please check the
following box and list the Securities Act registration statement number of the earlier effective registration statement for the same
offering. ☐ If
this Form is a post-effective amendment filed pursuant to Rule 462(c) under the Securities Act, check the following box and list the
Securities Act registration statement number of the earlier effective registration statement for the same offering. ☐ If
this Form is a post-effective amendment filed pursuant to Rule 462(d) under the Securities Act, check the following box and list the
Securities Act registration statement number of the earlier effective registration statement for the same offering. ☐ Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting
company or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of “large accelerated filer,” “accelerated filer,”
“smaller reporting company” and “emerging growth company” in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. Large accelerated filer | ☐ | Accelerated filer | ☐
Non-accelerated filer | ☒ | Smaller reporting company | ☒
Emerging growth company | ☒ If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the Securities Act. ☐ The
registrant hereby amends this registration statement on such date or dates as may be necessary to delay its effective date until the
registrant shall file a further amendment which specifically states that this registration statement shall thereafter become effective
in accordance with Section 8(a) of the Securities Act of 1933 or until the registration statement shall become effective on such date
as the SEC, acting pursuant to said Section 8(a), may determine. EXPLANATORY
NOTE This
Amendment No. 1 (Amendment No. 1) to the Registration Statement on Form S-3 (File No. 333-268087) of AST SpaceMobile, Inc. (Registration
Statement) is being filed solely for the purpose of filing Exhibit 4.6 and Exhibit 4.8 in Part II of this Amendment No. 1. This Amendment
No. 1 does not modify any provision of the prospectus that forms a part of the Registration Statement. Accordingly, a preliminary prospectus
has been omitted. PART
II INFORMATION
NOT REQUIRED IN PROSPECTUS ITEM 14. | OTHER EXPENSES OF ISSUANCE AND DISTRIBUTION. The
following table sets forth all expenses to be paid by the registrant, other than underwriting discounts and commissions, in connection
with this offering. All amounts shown are estimates. Securities and Exchange Commission registration fee | $ | 55,100
Accounting fees and expenses | *
Legal fees and expenses | *
Transfer agent and registrar fees and expenses | *
Trustee fees and expenses | *
Blue sky fees and expenses | *
FINRA filing fee (if applicable) | *
Financial printing and miscellaneous expenses | *
Total | * * These
fees are calculated based on the securities offered and the number of issuances and accordingly cannot be estimated at this time. ITEM 15. | INDEMNIFICATION OF DIRECTORS AND OFFICERS. Subsection
(a) of Section 145 of the DGCL empowers a corporation to indemnify any person who was or is a party or who is threatened to be made a
party to any threatened, pending or completed action, suit or proceeding, whether civil, criminal, administrative or investigative (other
than an action by or in the right of the corporation), by reason of the fact that the person is or was a director, officer, employee
or agent of the corporation, or is or was serving at the request of the corporation as a director, officer, employee or agent of another
corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise, against expenses (including attorneys’ fees), judgments, fines
and amounts paid in settlement actually and reasonably incurred by the person in connection with such action, suit or proceeding if the
person acted in good faith and in a manner the person reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the corporation,
and, with respect to any criminal action or proceeding, had no reasonable cause to believe the person’s conduct was unlawful. Subsection
(b) of Section 145 empowers a corporation to indemnify any person who was or is a party or is threatened to be made a party to any threatened,
pending or completed action or suit by or in the right of the corporation to procure a judgment in its favor, by reason of the fact that
the person acted in any of the capacities set forth above, against expenses (including attorneys’ fees) actually and reasonably
incurred by the person in connection with the defense or settlement of such action or suit if the person acted in good faith and in a
manner the person reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the corporation, except that no indemnification
shall be made in respect of any claim, issue or matter as to which such person shall have been adjudged to be liable to the corporation
unless and only to the extent that the Court of Chancery or the court in which such action or suit was brought shall determine upon application
that, despite the adjudication of liability but in view of all the circumstances of the case, such person is fairly and reasonably entitled
to indemnity for such expenses which the Court of Chancery or such other court shall deem proper. Section
145 further provides that to the extent a director or officer of a corporation has been successful on the merits or otherwise in the
defense of any action, suit or proceeding referred to in subsections (a) and (b) of Section 145, or in defense of any claim, issue or
matter therein, such person shall be indemnified against expenses (including attorneys’ fees) actually and reasonably incurred
by such person in connection therewith; that indemnification provided for by Section 145 shall not be deemed exclusive of any other rights
to which the indemnified party may be entitled; and the indemnification provided for by Section 145 shall, unless otherwise provided
when authorized or ratified, continue as to a person who has ceased to be a director, officer, employee or agent and shall inure to the
benefit of such person’s heirs, executors and administrators. Section 145 also empowers the corporation to purchase and maintain
insurance on behalf of any person who is or was a director, officer, employee or agent of the corporation, or is or was serving at the
request of the corporation as a director, officer, employee or agent of another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other
enterprise, against any liability asserted against such person and incurred by such person in any such capacity, or arising out of his
status as such, whether or not the corporation would have the power to indemnify such person against such liabilities under Section 145. II- 1 Section
102(b)(7) of the DGCL provides that a corporation’s certificate of incorporation may contain a provision eliminating or limiting
the personal liability of a director to the corporation or its stockholders for monetary damages for breach of fiduciary duty as a director,
provided that such provision shall not eliminate or limit the liability of a director (i) for any breach of the director’s duty
of loyalty to the corporation or its stockholders, (ii) for acts or omissions not in good faith or which involve intentional misconduct
or a knowing violation of law, (iii) under Section 174 of the DGCL, or (iv) for any transaction from which the director derived an improper
personal benefit. Additionally,
our Charter limits the liability of our directors to the fullest extent permitted by the DGCL, and our Bylaws provide that we will indemnify
them to the fullest extent permitted by such law. We have entered into and expect to continue to enter into agreements to indemnify our
directors, executive officers and other employees as determined by our Board of Directors. Under the terms of such indemnification agreements,
we are required to indemnify each of our directors and officers, to the fullest extent permitted by the laws of the state of Delaware,
if the basis of the indemnitee’s involvement was by reason of the fact that the indemnitee is or was our director or officer or
was serving at our request in an official capacity for another entity. We must indemnify our officers and directors against all reasonable
fees, expenses, charges and other costs of any type or nature whatsoever, including any and all expenses and obligations paid or incurred
in connection with investigating, defending, being a witness in, participating in (including on appeal), or preparing to defend, be a
witness or participate in any completed, actual, pending or threatened action, suit, claim or proceeding, whether civil, criminal, administrative
or investigative, or establishing or enforcing a right to indemnification under the indemnification agreement. The indemnification agreements
also require us, if so requested, to advance all reasonable fees, expenses, charges and other costs that such director or officer incurred,
provided that such person will return any such advance if it is ultimately determined that such person is not entitled to indemnification
by us. Any claims for indemnification by our directors and officers may reduce our available funds to satisfy successful third-party
claims against us and may reduce the amount of money available to us. ITEM 16. | EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES. (a) | Exhibits. We have filed the exhibits listed on the accompanying exhibit index of this registration statement. No. | Description of Exhibit
1.1** | Form of Underwriting Agreement.
3.1 | Second Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of AST SpaceMobile, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the registrant’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on April 12, 2021).
3.2 | Amended and Restated Bylaws of AST SpaceMobile, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the registrant’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on April 12, 2021).
4.1 | Specimen Common Stock Certificate of the registrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the registrant’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on April 12, 2021).
4.2 | Specimen Warrant Certificate of the registrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the registrant’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on April 12, 2021). II- 2 No. | Description of Exhibit
4.3 | Warrant Agreement, dated September 13, 2019, between Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company and New Providence Acquisition Corp. (incorporated by reference to the registrant’s Current Report on Form 8 K filed with the SEC on September 16, 2019).
4.4** | Specimen Preferred Stock Certificate.
4.5** | Form of Certificate of Designations for Preferred Stock.
4.6* | Form of Indenture for Senior Debt Securities.
4.7* | Form of Senior Debt Security (included in Exhibit 4.6).
4.8* | Form of Indenture for Subordinated Debt Securities.
4.9* | Form of Subordinated Debt Security (included in Exhibit 4.8).
4.10** | Form of Deposit Agreement.
4.11** | Form of Warrant Certificate.
4.12** | Form of Warrant Agreement.
4.13** | Form of Purchase Contract Agreement.
4.14** | Form of Unit Agreement.
4.15** | Form of Subscription Rights Agreement.
5.1± | Opinion of Sullivan & Cromwell LLP regarding the validity of the securities of AST SpaceMobile, Inc. being registered.
10.1 | Stockholders’ Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the registrant’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on April 12, 2021).
10.2 | Sponsor Voting Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the registrant’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on April 12, 2021).
10.3 | Registration Rights Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the registrant’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on April 12, 2021).
10.4 | Fifth Amended and Restated Limited Liability Limited Company Agreement of AST & Science, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the registrant’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on April 12, 2021).
10.5 | Subscription Agreement, by and between New Providence Acquisition Corp. and the undersigned subscriber party thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the registrant’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on December 16, 2020).
23.1± | Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (KPMG LLP).
23.2± | Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (BDO USA, LLP).
23.3± | Consent of Sullivan & Cromwell LLP (included as part of Exhibit 5.1).
24.1± | Power of Attorney (included on signature page to the initial filing of this registration statement).
25.1*** | Form T-1 Statement of Eligibility and Qualification under the Trust Indenture Act of 1939 of Trustee under the Indentures.
107± | Filing Fee Table.
* | Filed herewith.
** | To be filed, if applicable, by amendment or incorporated by reference pursuant to a Current Report on Form 8-K.
*** | To be filed in accordance with the requirements of Section 305(b)(2) of the Trust Indenture Act of 1939 and Rule 5b-3 thereunder.
± | Previously Filed II- 3 ITEM 17. | UNDERTAKINGS. (a) | The undersigned registrant hereby undertakes: (1) | To file, during any period in which offers or sales are being made, a post-effective amendment to this registration statement: (i) | To include any prospectus required by Section 10(a)(3) of the Securities Act; (ii) | To reflect in the prospectus any facts or events arising after the effective date of the registration statement (or the most recent post-effective amendment thereof) which individually or in the aggregate, represent a fundamental change in the information set forth in the registration statement. Notwithstanding the foregoing, any increase or decrease in volume of securities offered (if the total dollar value of securities offered would not exceed that which was registered) and any deviation from the low or high end of the estimated maximum offering range may be reflected in the form of prospectus filed with the SEC pursuant to Rule 424(b) if, in the aggregate, the changes in volume and price represent no more than a 20% change in the maximum aggregate offering price set forth in the “Calculation of Registration Fee” table in the effective registration statement; and (iii) | To include any material information with respect to the plan of distribution not previously disclosed in the registration statement or any material change to such information in the registration statement; provided,
however , that paragraphs (a)(1)(i), (a)(1)(ii) and (a)(1)(iii) of this section do not apply if the information required to be included
in a post-effective amendment by those paragraphs is contained in reports filed with or furnished to the SEC by the registrant pursuant
to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act that are incorporated by reference in the registration statement, or is contained
in a form of prospectus filed pursuant to Rule 424(b) that is part of the registration statement. (2) | That, for the purpose of determining any liability under the Securities Act, each such post-effective amendment shall be deemed to be a new registration statement relating to the securities offered therein, and the offering of such securities at that time shall be deemed to be the initial bona fide offering thereof. (3) | To remove from registration by means of a post-effective amendment any of the securities being registered which remain unsold at the termination of the offering. II- 4 (4) | That, for the purpose of determining liability under the Securities Act to any purchaser: (i) | Each prospectus filed by the registrant pursuant to Rule 424(b)(3) shall be deemed to be part of the registration statement as of the date the filed prospectus was deemed part of and included in the registration statement; and (ii) | Each prospectus required to be filed pursuant to Rule 424(b)(2), (b)(5) or (b)(7) as part of a registration statement in reliance on Rule 430B relating to an offering made pursuant to Rule 415(a)(1)(i), (vii) or (x) for the purpose of providing the information required by Section 10(a) of the Securities Act shall be deemed to be part of and included in the registration statement as of the earlier of the date such form of prospectus is first used after effectiveness or the date of the first contract of sale of securities in the offering described in the prospectus. As provided in Rule 430B, for liability purposes of the issuer and any person that is at that date an underwriter, such date shall be deemed to be a new effective date of the registration statement relating to the securities in the registration statement to which that prospectus relates, and the offering of such securities at that time shall be deemed to be the initial bona fide offering thereof. Provided, however, that no statement made in a registration statement or prospectus that is part of the registration statement or made in a document incorporated or deemed incorporated by reference into the registration statement or prospectus that is part of the registration statement will, as to a purchaser with a time of contract of sale prior to such effective date, supersede or modify any statement that was made in the registration statement or prospectus that was part of the registration statement or made in any such document immediately prior to such effective date. (5) | That, for the purpose of determining liability of the registrant under the Securities Act to any purchaser in the initial distribution of the securities, the undersigned registrant undertakes that in a primary offering of securities of the undersigned registrant pursuant to this registration statement, regardless of the underwriting method used to sell the securities to the purchaser, if the securities are offered or sold to such purchaser by means of any of the following communications, the undersigned registrant will be a seller to the purchaser and will be considered to offer or sell such securities to such purchaser: (i) | Any preliminary prospectus or prospectus of the undersigned registrant relating to the offering required to be filed pursuant to Rule 424; (ii) | Any free writing prospectus relating to the offering prepared by or on behalf of the undersigned registrant or used or referred to by the undersigned registrant; (iii) | The portion of any other free writing prospectus relating to the offering containing material information about the undersigned registrant or its securities provided by or on behalf of the undersigned registrant; and (iv) | Any other communication that is an offer in the offering made by the undersigned registrant to the purchaser. (b) | The undersigned registrant hereby further undertakes: (1) | That, for purposes of determining any liability under the Securities Act, each filing of the registrant’s annual report pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act (and, where applicable, each filing of an employee benefit plan’s annual report pursuant to Section 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act) that is incorporated by reference in the registration statement shall be deemed to be a new registration statement relating to the securities offered therein, and the offering of such securities at that time shall be deemed to be the initial bona fide offering thereof. II- 5 (2) | Insofar as indemnification for liabilities arising under the Securities Act may be permitted to directors, officers and controlling persons of the registrant pursuant to the foregoing provisions, or otherwise, the registrant has been advised that in the opinion of the SEC such indemnification is against public policy as expressed in the Securities Act and is, therefore, unenforceable. In the event that a claim for indemnification against such liabilities (other than the payment by the registrant of expenses incurred or paid by a director, officer or controlling person of the registrant in the successful defense of any action, suit or proceeding) is asserted by such director, officer or controlling person in connection with the securities being registered, the registrant will, unless in the opinion of its counsel the matter has been settled by controlling precedent, submit to a court of appropriate jurisdiction the question whether such indemnification by it is against public policy as expressed in the Securities Act and will be governed by the final adjudication of such issue. (3) | To file an application for the purpose of determining the eligibility of the trustee to act under subsection (a) of Section 310 of the Trust Indenture Act in accordance with the rules and regulations prescribed by the Commission under Section 305(b)(2) of the Act. II- 6 SIGNATURES Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Act, the registrant has duly caused this registration statement to be signed on its behalf by the
undersigned, thereunto duly authorized, in the City of Midland, State of Texas, on November 8, 2022. AST SpaceMobile, Inc.
By: | /s/ Abel Avellan
Name: | Abel Avellan
Title: | Chief Executive Officer Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Act, this registration statement has been signed by the following persons in the capacities and
on November 8, 2022. Signature | Title
/s/ Abel Avellan | Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
Abel Avellan | (Principal Executive Officer and Director)
/s/ Sean Wallace | Chief Financial Officer
Sean Wallace | (Principal Financial Officer)
/s/ Shanti Gupta | Chief Accounting Officer
Shanti Gupta | (Principal Accounting Officer)
* | Director
Tareq Amin
* | Director
Adriana Cisneros
* | Director
Alexander Coleman
* | Director
Luke Ibbetson
* | Director
Edward Knapp
* | Director
Hiroshi Mikitani
* | Director
Ronald Rubin
* | Director
Richard Sarnoff
* | Director
Julio A. Torres * By: | /s/ Sean Wallace
Sean Wallace, Attorney-in-Fact II- 7