8-K 1 form8-k.htm UNITED
STATES SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION WASHINGTON,
D.C. 20549 FORM
8-K CURRENT
REPORT PURSUANT
TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES
EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 Date
of Report (Date of earliest event reported) April 6, 2021 AST
SpaceMobile, Inc. (Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter) Delaware | 001-39040 | 84-2027232
(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation) | (Commission File Number) | (IRS Employer Identification No.) Midland Intl. Air & Space Port 2901 Enterprise Lane Midland, Texas | 79706
(Address of principal executive offices) | (Zip Code) (432)
276-3966 Registrant’s
telephone number, including area code New
Providence Acquisition Corp. 10900
Research Blvd Ste
160C PMB 1081 Austin,
TX 78759 (Former
name or former address, if changed since last report.) Check
the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant
under any of the following provisions: [ ] | Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425) [ ] | Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12) [ ] | Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b)) [ ] | Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c)) Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Title of each class | Trading Symbol(s) | Name of each exchange on which registered
Class A common stock, par value $0.0001 per share | ASTS | The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC
Warrants exercisable for one share of Class A common stock at an exercise price of $11.50 | ASTSW | The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (§230.405
of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (§240.12b-2 of this chapter). Emerging
growth company [X] If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for
complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. [ ] Introductory
Note As
used in this Current Report on Form 8-K, unless otherwise stated or the context clearly indicates otherwise, the terms the “Company,”
“Registrant,” “we,” “us” and “our” refer to the entity formerly named New Providence
Acquisition Corp., after giving effect to the Business Combination (as defined below), and as renamed AST SpaceMobile, Inc. On
April 6, 2021 (the “Closing Date”), New Providence Acquisition Corp., a Delaware corporation (“NPA”),
completed the previously announced business combination pursuant to that certain Equity Purchase Agreement, dated as of December
15, 2020 (the “Equity Purchase Agreement”), by and among NPA, AST & Science LLC, a Delaware limited liability
company (“AST”), the existing equityholders of AST (the “Existing AST Equityholders”), New Providence
Acquisition Management LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (“Sponsor”), and Abel Avellan (“Avellan”)
or in his capacity as Existing AST Equityholder Representative (the “Existing AST Equityholder Representative”). As
contemplated by the Equity Purchase Agreement and described in the section titled “Proposal No. 1 — The Business Combination
Proposal” beginning on page 106 of the definitive proxy statement (the “Proxy Statement”), filed by NPA on March
12, 2021 with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”), on the Closing Date the following occurred: (a)
NPA was appointed as the managing member of AST and AST became a subsidiary of NPA; (b) NPA changed its name to “AST SpaceMobile,
Inc.”; (c) immediately prior to the closing of the Business Combination, all then-outstanding shares of Class B common stock,
par value $0.0001 per share, of NPA (“NPA Class B Common Stock”) held by Sponsor (the “Sponsor Stock”)
converted into shares of Class A common stock, par value $0.0001 per share, of NPA (“NPA Class A Common Stock”) immediately
prior to the Business Combination; (d) each share of NPA Class A Common Stock, including those converted as described in (c) above,
was converted into one share of Class A common stock, par value $0.0001 per share, of the Company (“Class A Common Stock”),
and each warrant of NPA (an “NPA Warrant”) was converted into one warrant of the Company (a “Warrant”);
(e) AST restructured its capitalization, appointed the Company as its managing member and issued to the Company 51,729,704 units
of ownership interest in AST (the “AST Common Units”), which entitle the holder to the distributions, allocations,
and other rights under the Fifth Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company Operating Agreement of AST (the “A&R
Operating Agreement”), in exchange for which AST received approximately $227.0 million remaining in NPA’s trust account
following (i) the $4.8 million payment of deferred underwriting commissions (ii) $0.2 million million of redemptions
made in connection with NPA’s special meeting of stockholders relating to the transactions contemplated by the Equity Purchase
Agreement (the “Special Meeting”) and NPA’s annual meeting of stockholders to approve, among other things, a charter
amendment to extend the date by which it had to complete an initial business combination and (iii) the repayment of a $0.6 million
related party loan between AST and NPA; (f) AST issued to the Company warrants to purchase up to 17,600,000 AST Common
Units; (g); certain investors (the “PIPE Investors”) purchased 23,000,000 shares of Class A Common Stock; (h) the
Company issued 51,636,922 shares of Class B common stock, par value $0.0001 per share, of the Company, which carries one vote
per share but no economic rights (“Class B Common Stock”) to the Existing AST Equityholders (other than Avellan);
and (i) the Company issued 78,163,078 shares of Class C common stock, par value $0.0001 per share, of the Company, which carries
ten votes per share but no economic rights (“Class C Common Stock”) to Avellan (the transactions referred to in clauses
(a) through (i), collectively, the “Business Combination”). As
a result of the Business Combination, the Company is organized in an “Up-C” structure in which substantially all of
the operating assets of AST’s business are held by AST, and the Company’s only assets are its equity interests in
AST. As
of the open of trading on April 7, 2021, the Class A Common Stock and Warrants of AST SpaceMobile, Inc., formerly those of NPA,
began trading on The Nasdaq Capital Market (“Nasdaq”) as “ASTS” and “ASTSW,” respectively. Certain
terms used in this Current Report on Form 8-K have the same meaning as set forth in the Proxy Statement. This Current Report on
Form 8-K contains summaries of the material terms of various agreements executed in connection with the transactions described
herein. The summaries of these agreements are subject to, and are qualified in their entirety by, reference to these agreements,
which are filed as exhibits hereto and incorporated herein by reference. Immediately
following the Business Combination, the Company’s ownership was as follows: ● | NPA’s former public stockholders own 12.7% of the Company’s outstanding common stock, all of which is Class A Common Stock, and represents approximately 2.6% of the voting power of the Company;
● | The PIPE Investors own approximately 12.7% of the Company’s outstanding common stock, all of which is Class A Common Stock, and represents approximately 2.6% of the voting power of the Company;
● | The Sponsor and Existing AST Equityholders, including Avellan, own 77.8% of the Company’s outstanding common stock, consisting of the Sponsor’s 5,710,000 shares of Class A Common Stock, the Existing AST Equityholders’ 51,636,922 shares of Class B Common Stock and Avellan’s 78,163,078 shares of Class C Common Stock, which collectively represent approximately 95.5% of the voting power of the Company. Item
1.01. Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement. Stockholders’
Agreement On
April 6, 2021, in connection with the completion of the Business Combination and as contemplated by the Equity Purchase Agreement,
the Company, the AST Equityholders and Sponsor entered into a stockholders’ agreement (the “Stockholders’ Agreement”).
The material terms of the Stockholders’ Agreement are described in the section of the Proxy Statement beginning on page
126 titled “Proposal No. 1 — The Business Combination Proposal — Related Agreements — Stockholders’
Agreement.” Such description is qualified in its entirety by the full text of the Stockholders’ Agreement, which is
included as Exhibit 10.1 to this Current Report on Form 8-K (this “Report”) and is incorporated herein by reference. Sponsor
Voting Agreement On
April 6, 2021, in connection with the completion of the Business Combination and as contemplated by the Equity Purchase Agreement,
the Company and Sponsor entered into a sponsor voting agreement (the “Sponsor Voting Agreement”). The material terms
of the Sponsor Voting Agreement are described in the section of the Proxy Statement beginning on page 128 titled “Proposal
No. 1 — The Business Combination Proposal — Related Agreements — Sponsor Voting Agreement.” Such description
is qualified in its entirety by the full text of the Stockholders’ Agreement, which is included as Exhibit 10.2 to this
Report and is incorporated herein by reference. Registration
Rights Agreement On
April 6, 2021, in connection with the completion of the Business Combination and as contemplated by the Equity Purchase Agreement,
the Company, the Existing AST Equityholders and Sponsor entered into a registration rights agreement (the “Registration
Rights Agreement”). The material terms of the Registration Rights Agreement are described in the section of the Proxy Statement
beginning on page 128 titled “Proposal No. 1 — The Business Combination Proposal — Related Agreements —Registration
Rights Agreement.” Such description is qualified in its entirety by the text of the Registration Rights Agreement, which
is included as Exhibit 10.3 to this Report and is incorporated herein by reference. Tax
Receivable Agreement On
April 6, 2021, in connection with the completion of the Business Combination and as contemplated by the Equity Purchase Agreement,
AST, the Existing AST Equityholders and Thomas Severson, as the TRA Holder Representative, entered into a tax receivable agreement
(the “Tax Receivable Agreement”). The material terms of the Tax Receivable Agreement are described in the section
of the Proxy Statement beginning on page 124 titled “Proposal No. 1 — The Business Combination Proposal — Related
Agreements — Tax Receivable Agreement.” Such description is qualified in its entirety by the text of the Tax Receivable
Agreement, which is included as Exhibit 10.4 to this Report and is incorporated herein by reference. A&R
Operating Agreement On
April 6, 2021, in connection with the completion of the Business Combination and as contemplated by the Equity Purchase Agreement,
the Company, AST and each of the Existing AST Equityholders entered into the A&R Operating Agreement, which, among other things,
(i) restructured the capitalization of AST, and (ii) appointed the Company as the managing member of AST. As consideration for
issuing AST Common Units to the Company, the Company contributed $456 million in gross proceeds to AST and became the managing
member of AST. As a result of the recapitalization of AST, Mr. Avellan owns 78,163,078 AST Common Units and the Existing AST Equityholders
(other than Mr. Avellan) own 51,636,922 AST Common Units. The material terms of the A&R Operating Agreement are described
in the section of the Proxy Statement beginning on page 122 titled “Proposal No. 1 — The Business Combination Proposal
— Related Agreements — A&R Operating Agreement of AST.” Such description is qualified in its entirety by
the text of the A&R Operating Agreement, which is included as Exhibit 10.5 to this Report and is incorporated herein by reference. Indemnification
Agreements In
connection with the closing of the Business Combination, the Company entered into indemnification agreements with each of its
directors and executive officers. Each indemnification agreement provides for indemnification and advancement by the Company of
certain expenses and costs relating to claims, suits or proceedings arising from service to the Company or, at its request, service
to other entities, as officers or directors to the maximum extent permitted by applicable law. The foregoing description of the
indemnification agreements does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by the terms and conditions of the
indemnification agreements, a form of which is attached hereto as Exhibit 10.10 and is incorporated herein by reference. Item
2.01. Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of Assets. The
information set forth in the “Introductory Note” above is incorporated into this Item 2.01 by reference. On April
1, 2021, the Business Combination was approved by the stockholders of NPA at the Special Meeting. The Business Combination was
completed on April 6, 2021. Consideration
to NPA’s Stockholders in the Business Combination In
connection with the Business Combination, holders of 8,460 shares of NPA Class A Common Stock exercised their right to redeem
those shares for cash at an approximate price of $10.09 per share, for an aggregate of approximately $85,348, which was
paid to such holders on the Closing Date. In addition, in connection with NPA’s annual meeting of stockholders held on March
12, 2021 to approve, among other things, an amendment to its charter, holders of 11,836 shares of NPA Class A Common Stock exercised
their right to redeem those shares for cash at an approximate price of $10.09 per share, for an aggregate of approximately $119,406. Upon
completion of the Business Combination, 5,750,000 shares of NPA Class B Common Stock held by Sponsor and other former holders
of NPA Class B Common Stock converted into shares of NPA Class A Common Stock immediately prior to the Business Combination, which
then converted into shares of Class A Common Stock at the closing of the Business Combination. Consideration
Payable to the Existing AST Equityholders in the Business Combination The
consideration paid to the Existing AST Equityholders in connection with the Business Combination consisted of: (i) 51,636,922
shares of Class B Common Stock issued to the Existing AST Equityholders (other than Avellan) and (ii) 78,163,078 shares of Class
C Common Stock issued to Avellan. The
material terms and conditions of the Equity Purchase Agreement are described in the section entitled “Proposal No. 1 —
The Business Combination Proposal” beginning on page 106 of the Proxy Statement, which are incorporated herein by reference. Company
Securities Outstanding Following the Business Combination On
the Closing Date, all of NPA’s outstanding units separated into their component parts of one share of NPA Class A Common
Stock and one half of one NPA Warrant. Immediately after the Business Combination, there were 51,729,704 shares of Class A Common
Stock, Warrants to purchase 17,600,000 shares of Class A Common Stock (including 6,100,000 private placement warrants),
51,636,922 shares of Class B Common Stock and 78,163,078 shares of Class C Common Stock issued and outstanding. On the Closing
Date, there were 129,800,000 AST Common Units outstanding (excluding AST Common Units held by the Company). FORM
10 INFORMATION Forward-Looking
Statements Some
of the information contained in this Current Report on Form 8-K, or incorporated herein by reference, contains forward-looking
statements. When contained in this Current Report on Form 8-K, and incorporated herein by reference, the words “estimates,”
“projected,” “expects,” “anticipates,” “forecasts,” “plans,” “intends,”
“believes,” “seeks,” “may,” “will,” “should,” “future,”
“propose” and variations of these words or similar expressions (or the negative versions of such words or expressions)
are intended to identify forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance,
conditions or results, and involve a number of known and unknown risks, uncertainties, assumptions and other important factors,
many of which are outside the Company’s management’s control, that could cause actual results or outcomes to differ
materially from those discussed in the forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are based on information available
as of the date of this Current Report on Form 8-K, and current expectations, forecasts and assumptions, and involve a number of
judgments, risks and uncertainties. Accordingly, forward-looking statements should not be relied upon as representing our views
as of any subsequent date, and the Company does not undertake any obligation to update forward-looking statements to reflect events
or circumstances after the date they were made, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as
may be required under applicable securities laws. As
a result of a number of known and unknown risks and uncertainties, the Company’s actual results or performance may be materially
different from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. These risks and uncertainties include, but are
not limited to: ● | expectations regarding the Company’s strategies and future financial performance, including the Company’s future business plans or objectives, expected functionality of the SpaceMobile Service, anticipated timing and level of deployment of satellites, anticipated demand and acceptance of mobile satellite services, prospective performance and commercial opportunities and competitors, the timing of obtaining regulatory approvals, ability to finance its research and development activities, commercial partnership acquisition and retention, products and services, pricing, marketing plans, operating expenses, market trends, revenues, liquidity, cash flows and uses of cash, capital expenditures, and the Company’s ability to invest in growth initiatives;
● | the inability to maintain the listing of the shares of the Class A Common Stock and Warrants of the Company on the NASDAQ;
● | costs related to being a public company;
● | the outcome of any legal proceedings that have been or may be instituted against the Company and others as a result of the Business Combination;
● | the ability to recognize the anticipated benefits of the Business Combination;
● | limited liquidity and trading of the Company’s securities;
● | geopolitical risk and changes in applicable laws or regulations;
● | operational risk;
● | the possibility that the COVID-19 pandemic, or another major disease, disrupts the Company’s business;
● | litigation and regulatory enforcement risks, including the diversion of management time and attention and the additional costs and demands on the Company’s resources;
● | the possibility that the Company may be adversely affected by other economic, business, and/or competitive factors; and
● | other risks and uncertainties indicated in the Proxy Statement, including those set forth under the section entitled “Risk Factors.” Should
one or more of these risks or uncertainties materialize, or should any of the underlying assumptions prove incorrect, actual results
may vary in material respects from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. You should not place undue
reliance on these forward-looking statements. Business The
information set forth in the section entitled “Other Information about AST” beginning on page 171 of the Proxy Statement
is incorporated herein by reference. Risk
Factors The
information set forth in the section entitled “Risk Factors” beginning on page 50 of the Proxy Statement is incorporated
herein by reference. Selected
Consolidated Historical Financial and Other Information The
following table sets forth selected consolidated historical financial information derived from AST’s audited financial
statements as of and for the years ended December 31, 2020 and 2019. The following summary financial
information should be read in conjunction with the financial statements filed herewith as Exhibit 99.1. As of December 31,
(dollars in thousands) | 2020 | 2019
Balance Sheet Data:
Cash and cash equivalents | $ | 42,777 | $ | 26,498
Total property and equipment, net | 37,070 | 3,782
Total assets | 99,645 | 35,948
Total liabilities | 19,658 | 6,199
Total members’ equity | 79,987 | 29,749 For the Year Ended December 31,
(dollars in thousands) | 2020 | 2019
Statement of Operations Data:
Revenues | $ | 5,967 | $ | 1,414
Cost of sales | (3,025 | ) | (954 | )
Gross Profit | 2,942 | 460
Operating Expenses
Engineering Services | 13,081 | 4,668
Research and Development | 1,011 | 1,062
General and Administrative | 12,320 | 5,404
Depreciation and Amortization | 887 | 388
Total Operating Expenses | 27,299 | 11,522
Net Loss | $ | (24,405 | ) | $ | (11,141 | ) Unaudited
Pro Forma Condensed Combined Financial Information The
information set forth in Exhibit 99.2 to this Current Report on Form 8-K, which includes the unaudited pro forma condensed combined
financial information of the Company and AST is incorporated herein by reference. Management’s
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations and Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market
Risk The
Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations for the years ended December 31, 2020
and 2019 is filed herewith as Exhibit 99.3 and incorporated herein by reference. Facilities The
information set forth in the section entitled “Other Information about AST — Facilities” on page 179 of the
Proxy Statement is incorporated herein by reference. Security
Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management Following
the Business Combination, AST is a subsidiary of the Company. In its capacity as managing member of AST, the Company will operate
and control all of AST’s business and affairs and will consolidate AST’s financial results into the Company’s
financial statements. The
following table sets forth information regarding the beneficial ownership of the Company’s Common Stock as of the Closing
Date by: ● | each person known to be the beneficial owner of more than 5% of the Company’s outstanding ordinary shares;
● | each director and each of the Company’s named executive officers; and
● | all current executive officers and directors as a group. The
information below is based on an aggregate of 51,729,704 shares of Class A Common Stock, 51,636,922 shares of Class B Common Stock
and 78,163,078 shares of Class C Common Stock issued and outstanding as of the Closing Date. Beneficial ownership is determined
according to the rules of the SEC, which generally provide that a person has beneficial ownership of a security if she, he or
it possesses sole or shared voting or investment power over that security, including options and warrants that are currently exercisable
or exercisable within 60 days. Voting power represents the combined voting power of shares of Class A Common Stock, Class B Common
Stock and Class C Common Stock owned beneficially by such person. On all matters to be voted upon, holders of shares of Class
A Common Stock, Class B Common Stock and Class C Common Stock will vote together as a single class on all matters submitted to
the stockholders for their vote or approval. Holders of Class A Common Stock and Class B Common Stock are entitled to one vote
per share on all matters submitted to the stockholders for their vote or approval. Prior to the Sunset Date (as defined in the
Stockholders’ Agreement), the holders of Class C Common Stock are entitled to the lesser of (i) 10 votes per share and (ii)
(x) (A) 88.31% minus (B) the total voting power of the outstanding stock of the Company (other than Class C Common Stock) owned
or controlled by Avellan and his permitted transferees, divided by (y) the number of shares of Class C Common Stock then
outstanding on all matters submitted to stockholders for their vote or approval. From and after the Sunset Date, holders of Class
C Common Stock will be entitled to one vote per share. Unless
otherwise indicated, we believe that all persons named in the table below have sole voting and investment power with respect to
all shares of Common Stock beneficially owned by the individuals below: Class A Common Stock | Class B Common Stock | Class C Common Stock | Combined Voting Power (%) (2)
Name and Address of Beneficial Owner (1) | Number | % | Number | % | Number | %
Five Percent Holders:
New Providence Management LLC (3) | 11,810,000 | 20.4 | % | — | — | — | — | 1.3 | %
Rakuten Mobile, Inc. (4) | 2,500,000 | 4.8 | % | 28,520,155 | 55.2 | % | — | — | 3.5 | %
Invesat LLC (5) | 200,000 | * | 9,932,541 | 19.2 | % | — | — | 1.1 | %
Vodafone Ventures Limited (6) | 1,000,000 | 1.9 | % | 9,044,454 | 17.5 | % | — | — | 1.1 | %
ATC TRS II LLC (7) | 2,500,000 | 4.8 | % | 2,170,657 | 4.2 | % | — | — | *
Directors and Executive Officers:
Abel Avellan | — | — | — | — | 78,163,078 | 100 | % | 88.3 | %
Thomas Severson | — | — | 1,595,165 | 3.1 | % | — | — | *
Brian Heller | — | — | — | — | — | — | —
Rulfo Hernandez | — | — | — | — | — | — | —
Tareq Amin | — | — | — | — | — | — | —
Adriana Cisneros (5) | 200,000 | * | 9,932,541 | 19.2 | % | — | — | 1.1 | %
Alexander Coleman (3) | 11,810,000 | 20.4 | % | — | — | — | — | 1.3 | %
Luke Ibbetson | — | — | — | — | — | — | —
Edward Knapp | — | — | — | — | — | — | —
Hiroshi Mikitani (4) | 2,500,000 | 4.8 | % | 28,520,155 | 55.2 | % | — | — | 3.5 | %
Ronald Rubin | — | — | — | — | — | — | —
Richard Sarnoff | — | — | — | — | — | — | —
Julio A. Torres | — | — | — | — | — | — | —
All directors and executive officers, as a group (13 individuals) | 14,510,000 | 28.0 | % | 38,611,861 | 74.8 | % | 78,163,078 | 100 | % | 94.2 | % * | less than 1% (1) | Unless otherwise noted, the business address of each of those listed in the table above is c/o AST SpaceMobile, Inc., Midland Intl. Air & Space Port, 2901 Enterprise Lane, Midland, Texas 79706.
(2) | Percentage of combined voting power represents voting power with respect to all shares of Class A common stock, Class B Common Stock and Class C common stock, voting together as a single class. Holders of Class A Common Stock and Class B Common Stock are entitled to one vote per share on all matters submitted to the stockholders for their vote or approval. Until the Sunset Date, holders of Class C Common Stock are entitled to the lesser of (i) 10 votes per share and (ii) (x) (A) 88.31% minus (B) the total voting power of the outstanding stock of the Company (other than Class C Common Stock) owned or controlled by Avellan and his permitted transferees, divided by (y) the number of shares of Class C Common Stock then outstanding on all matters submitted to stockholders for their vote or approval. From and after the Sunset Date, holders of Class C Common Stock will be entitled to one vote per share.
(3) | Includes 6,100,000 shares of Class A Common Stock underlying the private placement warrants held of record by the Sponsor that will become exercisable on May 6, 2021. The business address of each of Sponsor and Mr. Coleman is 10900 Research Blvd, Ste 160C, PMB 1081, Austin, Texas 78759. Mr. Coleman is a director of the Sponsor and as such has voting and investment discretion with respect to the Class A Common Stock held of record by the Sponsor and may be deemed to have shared beneficial ownership of the Class A Common Stock held directly by the Sponsor.
(4) | Includes 2,500,000 shares of Class A Common Stock held by Rakuten Mobile, Inc. (“Rakuten”) and 28,520,155 shares of Class B Common Stock held by Rakuten Mobile USA Service Inc. (“Rakuten USA”). The business address of each of Mr. Mikitani Rakuten and Rakuten USA is 1-14-1 Tamagawa, Setagaya-ku, Tokyo 158-0094 Japan. Mr. Mikitani is the founder, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Rakuten, which is the parent company of Rakuten USA, and as such has voting and investment discretion with respect to the shares of Common Stock held of record by Rakuten and Rakuten USA and may be deemed to have shared beneficial ownership of the shares of Common Stock held directly by Rakuten and Rakuten USA.
(5) | The business address of each of Ms. Cisneros and Invesat LLC (“Invesat”) is c/o Invesat LLC, 121 Alhambra Cir, Coral Gables, Florida 33134. Ms. Cisneros is the president of Invesat and as such has voting and investment discretion with respect to the shares of Common Stock held of record by Invesat and may be deemed to have beneficial ownership of the Common Stock held directly by Invesat.
(6) | The business address of Vodafone Ventures Limited is c/o Vodafone Group Services Limited, One Kingdom Street, Paddington Central, London W2 6BY, UK.
(7) | The business address of ATC TRS II LLC is 116 Huntington Avenue, 11 th floor, Boston, MA 02116. Directors
and Executive Officers Information
with respect to the Company’s directors and executive officers immediately after the closing is set forth in the section
entitled “SpaceMobile Management After the Business Combination” beginning on page 201 in the Proxy Statement and
Item 5.02 of this Current Report on Form 8-K and is incorporated herein by reference. Each
of Abel Avellan, Tareq Amin, Adriana Cisneros, Alexander Coleman, Luke Ibbetson, Edward Knapp, Hiroshi Mikitani, Ronald Rubin,
Richard Sarnoff, Thomas Severson and Julio A. Torres were elected to serve as directors of the Company. Mr. Avellan was appointed
as Chairman of the board of directors, and Mr. Torres was appointed as lead independent director. The size of the board is thirteen
members, with two director seats vacant. Biographical information for these individuals is set forth in the section entitled “SpaceMobile
Management After the Business Combination” beginning on page 201 in the Proxy Statement and is incorporated herein by reference.
In accordance with the Second Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Company (the “A&R Certificate
of Incorporation”), each director will have a term that expires at the Company’s annual meeting of stockholders in
2021 or until their respective successors are duly elected and qualified, or until their earlier resignation, removal or death. The
Board appointed Alexander Coleman, Ronald Rubin and Julio A. Torres to serve on the Audit Committee, with Mr. Torres serving as its chairman.
The Board appointed Adriana Cisneros, Alexander Coleman and Julio A. Torres to serve on the Compensation Committee, with Mr. Coleman
serving as its chairman. The Board appointed Adriana Cisneros, Richard Sarnoff and Julio A. Torres to serve on the Nominating and Corporate
Governance Committee, with Mr. Sarnoff serving as its chairman. Information with respect to the Company’s Audit Committee, Compensation
Committee and Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee is set forth in the section entitled “SpaceMobile Management After
the Business Combination — Corporate Governance” beginning on page 203 of the Proxy Statement and is incorporated herein
by reference. In
connection with the completion of the Business Combination, Abel Avellan was appointed to serve as the Company’s Chief Executive
Officer and Thomas Severson was appointed to serve as Chief Financial Officer. Biographical information for these individuals
is set forth in the section entitled “SpaceMobile Management After the Business Combination” beginning on page 201
of the Proxy Statement and is incorporated by reference herein. On
April 6, 2021, Brian Heller was appointed to serve as the Company’s Executive Vice President, General Counsel
and Secretary. Mr. Heller has over twenty years of public company experience. Mr. Heller joined AST as its Executive Vice
President, General Counsel and Secretary in February 2021. Prior to joining AST, he served as General Counsel of Castle
Brands Inc., a publicly-traded spirits company, from October 2008 until its sale to Pernod Ricard in October 2019, and as
Senior Vice President - Business and Legal Affairs of Ladenburg Thalmann Financial Services, a publicly-traded financial
services company, from April 2007 until its sale to a portfolio company of Reverence Capital Partners in May 2020. He joined
Ladenburg from AOL Latin America, where he served as Associate General Counsel. Previously, Mr. Heller was a Partner in the
Corporate and Intellectual Property Departments at the Steel Hector & Davis law firm (now Squire Patton Boggs) in Miami,
Florida. Earlier in his career, he served as a law clerk to the Honorable James Lawrence King of the United States District
Court for the Southern District of Florida. Mr. Heller received his J.D., cum laude, from Georgetown University Law Center,
where he was Articles Editor of the Georgetown Law Journal, and his bachelor of science degree from Northwestern
University. On
April 6, 2021, Rulfo Hernandez was appointed to serve as the Company’s Chief Accounting Officer. Mr. Hernandez joined AST
in February 2021 serving as Chief Accounting Officer. Prior to joining AST, Mr. Hernandez worked at Opko Health Inc., serving
as its Chief Accounting Officer and Treasurer from July 2020 to February 2021 and as Controller from May 2014 to July 2020. Prior
to joining Opko Health Inc. Mr. Hernandez served in various roles at Pricewaterhousecoopers LLP from January 2002 to May 2014.
Mr. Hernandez received a Master’s degree from H. Wayne Huizenenga School of Business and Entrepreneurship and his bachelor’s
degree from Andrés Bello Catholic University. Executive
Compensation The
information set forth in the section entitled “Executive and Director Compensation of AST” beginning on page 208 of
the Proxy Statement, which includes the executive compensation information of AST is incorporated herein by reference. Director
Compensation The
information set forth in the section entitled “Executive and Director Compensation of AST” beginning on page 208 of
the Proxy Statement, which includes the director compensation information of AST is incorporated herein by reference. Certain
Relationships and Related Transactions The
information set forth in the sections entitled “Certain Relationships and Related Party Transactions — NPA’s
Related Party Transactions” beginning on page 220 and “Certain Relationships and Related Party Transactions — AST’s Related Party Transactions” beginning on page 222 are incorporated herein by reference. Director
Independence At
the closing of the Business Combination, the board of directors of the Company adopted Nasdaq listing standards to assess director
independence. The board of directors has determined that each of Adriana Cisneros, Alexander Coleman, Ronald Rubin and Julio A.
Torres qualifies as “independent” under the listing requirements of Nasdaq. Each of Ronald Rubin and Julio A. Torres
is also an “audit committee financial expert” under the rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission. Legal
Proceedings The
information set forth in the section entitled “Other Information about AST—Legal Proceedings” on page 179 of
the Proxy Statement is incorporated herein by reference. Market
Price of and Dividends on the Registrant’s Common Equity and Related Stockholder Matters Prior
to the Closing Date, the Company’s publicly traded units, common stock and warrants were listed on Nasdaq under the symbols
“NPAUU,” “NPA,” and “NPAWW,” respectively. Upon the Closing, the Company’s Class A Common
Stock and warrants were listed on Nasdaq under the symbols “ASTS” and “ASTSW,” respectively. The Company’s
publicly traded units automatically separated into their component securities upon the closing of the Business Combination, and
as a result, no longer trade as a separate security and were delisted from Nasdaq. As
of April 6, 2021, following the completion of the Business Combination, there were 28 holders of record of Class A Common
Stock and two holders of record of Warrants. However, because many of the shares of Class A Common Stock and the Warrants
are held by brokers and other institutions on behalf of stockholders, the Company believes there are substantially more beneficial
holders of Class A Common Stock and Warrants than record holders. The
information set forth in the section entitled “Price Range of Securities and Dividends—NPA” on page 247 of the
Proxy Statement is incorporated herein by reference. Market
Information and Holders of the Company As
of April 6, 2021, following the completion of the Business Combination, there were 11,500,000 Warrants and 136,333,767 AST Common
Units (excluding AST Common Units held by the Company), which are convertible into Class A Common Stock, outstanding. The Company
has reserved a total of 10,800,000 shares of Class A Common Stock for issuance pursuant to the 2020 Incentive Award Plan, subject
to certain adjustments set forth therein. Dividends
of the Company NPA
has never paid any cash dividends on NPA’s Class A Common Stock. The payment of cash dividends in the future will be dependent
upon revenues and earnings, if any, capital requirements and general financial condition subsequent to completion of the Business
Combination. The payment of any cash dividends subsequent to the Business Combination will be within the discretion of the Company’s
board of directors and the board of directors will consider whether or not to institute a dividend policy. The board of directors
currently anticipates the Company will retain all earnings of the Company, if any, for use in the Company’s business and
operations and, accordingly, the board of directors does not anticipate declaring any dividends in the foreseeable future. Description
of Registrant’s Securities Pursuant
to the A&R Certificate of Incorporation, there are 1,225,000,000 shares authorized, of which 800,000,000 shares will be shares
of Class A Common Stock, 200,000,000 shares will be shares of Class B Common Stock 125,000,000 shares will be shares of Class
C Common Stock, and 100,000,000 shares will be shares of preferred stock, par value $0.0001 per share. The
information set forth in the section entitled “Description of SpaceMobile Securities” beginning on page 239 of the
Proxy Statement is incorporated herein by reference. Indemnification
of Directors and Officers In
connection with the closing of the Business Combination, the Company entered into indemnification agreements with each of its
directors and executive officers. Each indemnification agreement provides for indemnification and advancement by the Company of
certain expenses and costs relating to claims, suits or proceedings arising from service to the Company or, at its request, service
to other entities, as officers or directors to the maximum extent permitted by applicable law. The foregoing description of the
indemnification agreements does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by the terms and conditions of the
indemnification agreements, a form of which is attached hereto as Exhibit 10.10 and is incorporated herein by reference. Further
information about the indemnification of the Company’s directors and officers is set forth in the section entitled “Description
of SpaceMobile Securities — Limitations on Liability and Indemnification of Officers and Directors” of the Proxy Statement
and is incorporated herein by reference. Financial
Statements, Supplementary Data and Exhibits The
information set forth under Item 9.01 of this Current Report on Form 8-K is incorporated herein by reference. Item
3.01 Notice of Delisting or Failure to Satisfy a Continued Listing Rule or Standard; Transfer of Listing. On
the Closing Date, all of NPA’s outstanding units separated into their component parts of one share of Class A Common Stock
and one half of one Warrant to purchase one share of Class A Common Stock and NPA’s units ceased trading on Nasdaq. Item
3.02 Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities. On
April 6, 2021, in connection with the completion of the Business Combination and as contemplated by the Equity Purchase Agreement
and the Subscription Agreements, the Company made the following sales of unregistered securities, as further described in the
disclosure set forth under the Introductory Note above: ● | 23,000,000 shares of Class A common stock to the PIPE Investors for aggregate consideration of $230.0 million;
● | 51,636,922 shares of Class B Common Stock to the Existing AST Equityholders (other than Avellan) for aggregate consideration of $5,164.00; and
● | 78,163,078 shares of Class C Common Stock to Avellan for aggregate consideration of $7,817.00. The
AST Common Units are redeemable for shares of Class A Common Stock at the Company’s election. Up to 136,333,767 shares of
Class A Common Stock are issuable upon the redemption of the AST Common Units. The Company issued the foregoing securities in
transactions not involving an underwriter and not requiring registration under Section 5 of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended,
in reliance on the exemption afforded by Section 4(a)(2) thereof. Item
3.03 Material Modification to Rights of Security Holders On
the Closing Date, in connection with the completion of the Business Combination, the Company’s Certificate of Incorporation
and Bylaws were amended and restated. Pursuant to the A&R Certificate of Incorporation, there are 1,225,000,000 shares authorized,
of which 800,000,000 shares are shares of Class A Common Stock, par value $0.0001 per share, 200,000,000 shares are shares of
Class B Common Stock, par value $0.0001 per share, 125,000,000 shares are shares of Class C Common Stock, par value $0.0001 per
share, and 100,000,000 shares are shares of preferred stock, par value $0.0001 per share. The disclosure set forth in the sections
titled “Description of NPA Securities” and “Description of SpaceMobile Securities” in the Proxy Statement
is incorporated herein by reference. The
foregoing description of the A&R Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws of the Company does not purport to be complete and
is qualified in its entirety by the terms of the A&R Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws of the Company, which are attached
hereto as Exhibits 3.1 and 3.2, respectively, and are incorporated herein by reference. The material terms
of each of the A&R Certificate of Incorporation and the Bylaws and the general effect upon the rights of holders of the Company’s
capital stock are included in the Proxy Statement under the sections titled “Proposal No. 1 — The Business Combination
Proposal — Related Agreements — A&R Certificate of Incorporation,” “Proposal No. 1 — The Business
Combination Proposal — Related Agreements — Anti-Takeover Effects of the A&R Certificate of Incorporation and
the SpaceMobile Bylaws” and “Description of SpaceMobile Securities” beginning on pages 118, 120 and 239 of the
Proxy Statement, respectively, which are incorporated herein by reference. Item
5.01. Changes in Control of Registrant. The
information set forth under in the sections titled “Proposal No. 1 — The Business Combination Proposal” beginning
on page 106 of the Proxy Statement and “Introductory Note” and Item 2.01 in this Current Report on Form 8-K is incorporated
herein by reference. Item
5.02 Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers; Compensatory Arrangements
of Certain Officers. Election
of Directors and Appointment of Officers On
April 1, 2021 each of Abel Avellan, Tareq Amin, Adriana Cisneros, Alexander Coleman, Luke Ibbetson, Edward Knapp, Hiroshi Mikitani,
Ronald Rubin, Richard Sarnoff, Thomas Severson and Julio A. Torres were elected as directors of the Company, with Abel Avellan
appointed as chairman of the board, in each case, effective upon the completion of the Business Combination. Biographical
information with respect to such directors is set forth in the section entitled “SpaceMobile Management After the Business
Combination” beginning on page 201 of the Proxy Statement and is incorporated herein by reference. On
April 6, 2021, Abel Avellan and Thomas Severson were appointed to serve as the Company’s Chief Executive Officer
and Chief Financial Officer, respectively, in each case, effective upon the combination of the Business Combination. Biographical
information with respect to such executive officers is set forth in the section entitled “SpaceMobile Management After the
Business Combination” beginning on page 201 of the Proxy Statement is incorporated herein by reference. On
April 6, 2021, Brian Heller was appointed to serve as the Company’s Executive Vice President, General Counsel
and Secretary. Mr. Heller has over twenty years of public company experience. Mr. Heller joined AST as its Executive Vice
President, General Counsel and Secretary in February 2021. Prior to joining AST, he served as General Counsel of Castle
Brands Inc., a publicly-traded spirits company, from October 2008 until its sale to Pernod Ricard in October 2019, and as
Senior Vice President - Business and Legal Affairs of Ladenburg Thalmann Financial Services, a publicly-traded financial
services company, from April 2007 until its sale to a portfolio company of Reverence Capital Partners in May 2020. He joined
Ladenburg from AOL Latin America, where he served as Associate General Counsel. Previously, Mr. Heller was a Partner in the
Corporate and Intellectual Property Departments at the Steel Hector & Davis law firm (now Squire Patton Boggs) in Miami,
Florida. Earlier in his career, he served as a law clerk to the Honorable James Lawrence King of the United States District
Court for the Southern District of Florida. Mr. Heller received his J.D., cum laude, from Georgetown University Law Center,
where he was Articles Editor of the Georgetown Law Journal, and his bachelor of science degree from Northwestern
University. On
April 6, 2021, Rulfo Hernandez was appointed to serve as the Company’s Chief Accounting Officer. Mr. Hernandez joined AST
in February 2021 serving as Chief Accounting Officer. Prior to joining AST, Mr. Hernandez worked at Opko Health Inc., serving
as its Chief Accounting Officer and Treasurer from July 2020 to February 2021 and as Controller from May 2014 to July 2020. Prior
to joining Opko Health Inc. Mr. Hernandez served in various roles at Pricewaterhousecoopers LLP from January 2002 to May 2014.
Mr. Hernandez received a Master’s degree from H. Wayne Huizenenga School of Business and Entrepreneurship and his bachelor’s
degree from Andrés Bello Catholic University. Departure
of Directors and Certain Officers Effective
upon the Closing Date, each of Timothy Gannon, Daniel Ginsberg and Rick Mazer resigned as directors of the Company, and Abel Avellan
replaced Alexander Coleman as chairman of the board of directors, although Mr. Coleman will continue as a director of the Company.
Effective upon the Closing Date, each of Gary P. Smith and James Bradley resigned as executive officers of the Company. 2020
Incentive Award Plan On
April 1, 2021, the AST SpaceMobile, Inc. 2020 Incentive Award Plan (the “2020 Incentive Award Plan”) became effective.
The 2020 Incentive Award Plan was approved by NPA’s stockholders at the Special Meeting on April 1, 2021. The purpose of
the 2020 Incentive Award Plan is to promote the success and enhance the value of the Company and AST by attracting, retaining
and motivating selected employees, consultants and directors of the Company and AST. The 2020 Incentive Award Plan provides for
grants of stock-based compensation awards, including without limitation, non-qualified stock options, incentive stock options,
stock appreciation rights, or SARs, restricted stock awards, restricted stock unit awards, incentive unit awards other stock or
cash based awards and dividend equivalent awards. Employees, officers and consultants of the Company or any parent or affiliate,
including AST, or any non-employee director of the Company’s board of directors are eligible to receive awards under the
2020 Incentive Award Plan. The 2020 Incentive Award Plan is administered by the compensation committee of the Company’s
board of directors, referred to herein as the “plan administrator”. The plan administrator has the authority to take
all actions and make all determinations under the 2020 Incentive Award Plan, to interpret the 2020 Incentive Award Plan and award
agreements and to adopt, amend and repeal rules for the administration of the 2020 Incentive Award Plan as it deems advisable.
The plan administrator also has the authority to grant awards, to determine which eligible service providers receive awards, and
to set the terms and conditions of all awards under the 2020 Incentive Award Plan, including any vesting and vesting acceleration
provisions, subject to the conditions and limitations in the 2020 Incentive Award Plan. The
Company has reserved a total of 10,800,000 shares of Class A Company Common Stock for issuance pursuant to the 2020 Incentive
Award Plan and the maximum number of shares that may be issued pursuant to the exercise of incentive stock options granted under
the 2020 Incentive Award Plan is 10,800,000, in each case, subject to certain adjustments set forth therein. The
information set forth in the section entitled “Proposal No. 5 — The Incentive Plan Proposal” beginning on page
153 of the Proxy Statement is incorporated herein by reference. The foregoing description of the 2020 Incentive Award Plan and
the information incorporated by reference in the preceding sentence does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety
by the terms and conditions of the 2020 Incentive Award Plan, which is incorporated by reference to this Current Report on Form
8-K as Exhibit 10.6. 2020
Employee Stock Purchase Plan The AST SpaceMobile,
Inc. 2020 Employee Stock Plan (the “ESPP”) was approved by NPA’s stockholders at the Special Meeting. The purpose
of the ESPP is to assist the Company’s eligible employees in acquiring a stock ownership interest in the Company and to
help the Company’s eligible employees provide for their future security and to encourage them to remain in the Company’s
employment. The ESPP will be comprised of two distinct components in order to provide increased flexibility to grant
options to purchase shares under the ESPP to U.S. and to non-U.S. employees. Specifically, the ESPP authorizes (i) the grant of
options to U.S. employees that are intended to qualify for favorable U.S. federal tax treatment under Section 423 of the Code
(the “Section 423 Component”), and (ii) the grant of options that are not intended to be tax-qualified under Section
423 of the Code to facilitate participation for employees located outside of the U.S. who do not benefit from favorable U.S. federal
tax treatment and to provide flexibility to comply with non-U.S. law and other considerations (the “Non-Section 423 Component”).
Where permitted under local law and custom, we expect that the Non-Section 423 Component will generally be operated and administered
on terms and conditions similar to the Section 423 Component. The ESPP will be administered by the compensation committee
of the Company’s board of directors. The
Company has reserved a total of 2,000,000 shares of Class A Company Common Stock for issuance pursuant to the ESPP, subject to
certain adjustments set forth therein. The
information set forth in the section entitled “Proposal No. 6 — The ESPP Proposal” beginning on page 158 of
the Proxy Statement is incorporated herein by reference. The foregoing description of the ESPP and the information incorporated
by reference in the preceding sentence does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by the terms and conditions
of the ESPP, which is incorporated by reference to this Current Report on Form 8-K as Exhibit 10.9. Compensatory
Arrangements for Directors In
connection with the completion of the Business Combination, the Company’s board of directors also approved a compensation
program for the Company’s non-employee directors who are determined not to be affiliated with Invesat LLC, Vodafone Ventures
Limited, ATC TRS II LLC and/or Rakuten Mobile USA Service Inc. (the “Director Compensation Program”). The material
terms of the Director Compensation Program are described in the section of the Proxy Statement beginning on page 212 entitled
“Executive and Director Compensation of AST—Post-Business Combination Director Compensation Program.” The foregoing
description of the Director Compensation Program and the information incorporated by reference in the preceding sentence does
not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by the terms and conditions of the Director Compensation Program,
which is attached hereto as Exhibit 10.11. Compensatory
Arrangements for Executive Officers On
April 6, 2021, in connection with the completion of the Business Combination, the Company assumed the offer letters that AST entered
into with certain of its executive officers: Abel Avellan and Thomas Severson. Pursuant to the offer letters, each of Messrs.
Avellan and Severson receives an annual base salary and is eligible to participate in AST’s customary health, welfare and
fringe benefit plans. Mr. Avellan has agreed that following the Business Combination, he will not initially draw a salary from
the Company. In addition, Messrs. Avellan and Severson have entered into AST’s form Nondisclosure, Confidentiality, Assignment
and Noncompetition Agreement containing certain restrictive covenants, including non-compete and non-solicitation restrictions
for a period of one year following a termination or cessation of employment for any reason. Additionally,
in connection with the completion of the Business Combination, the AST board of directors paid Mr. Severson a discretionary
transaction bonus in the amount of $350,000 in recognition of his efforts towards the completion of the Business Combination. AST
entered into an offer letter dated December 23, 2020 with Mr. Hernandez, the Company’s Chief Accounting Officer.
Pursuant to the offer letter, Mr. Hernandez receives an annual base salary of $250,000. In addition, subject to the approval
of the Company’s Board of Directors and his continuing employment through the grant date, Mr. Hernandez is eligible to
receive an equity award equal to 203,020 shares of the Company's common stock. Mr. Hernandez is also eligible to participate
in AST’s customary health, welfare and fringe benefit plans. In addition, Mr. Hernandez entered into AST’s form
Nondisclosure, Confidentiality, Assignment and Noncompetition Agreement containing certain restrictive covenants, including
non-compete and non-solicitation restrictions for a period of one year following a termination or cessation of employment for
any reason. The
information set forth in the section entitled “Executive and Director Compensation of AST” beginning on page 208 of
the Proxy Statement and “Compensation of Executive Officers and Directors After the Business Combination” beginning
on page 215 of the Proxy Statement are each incorporated herein by reference. The offer letters for Messrs. Avellan, Severson
and Hernandez are attached as Exhibits 10.12, 10.13 and 10.14 hereto, respectively. Item
5.06. Change in Shell Company Status. As
a result of the Business Combination, NPA ceased being a shell company. The material terms of the Business Combination are described
in the section entitled “Proposal No. 1 — The Business Combination Proposal” beginning on page 106 of the Proxy
Statement, in the information set forth under “Introductory Note” and in the information set forth under Item 2.01
in this Current Report on Form 8-K, each of which is incorporated herein by reference. Item 8.01. Other Events. AST is currently manufacturing,
procuring and assembling the satellite componentry required for its BlueWalker 3 (“BW3”) test satellite. During 2021,
AST will be assembling and testing the BW3 satellite at its facilities. BW3 currently is targeted to launch late
in the fourth quarter of 2021. However, the exact timing of such launch is contingent on a number of factors, including satisfactory
and timely completion of construction and testing of BW3 and the availability of an appropriate launch window and vehicle from
our launch provider. The launch of BW3 was scheduled to coincide with the launch of a primary payload from an unrelated entity.
The primary payload from such unrelated entity is delayed, which may in turn delay the launch window for BW3. If AST is required
to identify another launch vehicle and/or launch provider, AST may incur delays in such launch and may incur additional costs. Item
9.01. Financial Statement and Exhibits. The
Securities and Exchange Commission has recently informally indicated that they may potentially require former special purpose
acquisition companies, such as the Company, to classify their warrants as fair value liabilities. This treatment has not been
reflected in the Company's historical financial statements or unaudited pro forma condensed combined financial information incorporated
by reference herein. (a)
Financial statements of businesses acquired The
financial statements of the Company included in the Company’s annual report on Form 10-K filed on March 1, 2021 are
incorporated herein by reference. The
financial statements of AST as of December 31, 2020 and 2019 and for the years ended December 31, 2020 and 2019 set forth in Exhibit
99.1 to this Current Report on Form 8-K, are incorporated herein by reference. (b)
Pro Forma Financial Information The
information set forth in Exhibit 99.2 to this Current Report on Form 8-K, which includes the unaudited pro forma condensed combined
financial information of the Company as of and for the year ended December 31, 2020, is incorporated herein by reference. (d)
Exhibits. Exhibit No. | Document
2.1* | Equity Purchase Agreement, dated as of December 15, 2020, by and among AST & Science LLC, New Providence Acquisition Corp., New Providence Management LLC, the AST Existing Equityholder Representative and the AST Existing Equityholders listed on Annex A thereto (incorporated by reference from NPA’s Form 8-K dated December 15, 2020)
3.1 | Second Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of AST SpaceMobile, Inc.
3.2 | Bylaws of AST SpaceMobile, Inc.
4.1 | Specimen Common Stock Certificate of AST SpaceMobile, Inc.
4.2 | Specimen Warrant Certificate of AST SpaceMobile, Inc.
4.3 | Warrant Agreement, dated September 13, 2019, between New Providence Acquisition Corp. and Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company, as warrant agent (incorporated by reference from NPA’s Form 8-K dated September 16, 2019)
10.1* | Stockholders’ Agreement, dated as of April 6, 2021, by and among AST SpaceMobile, Inc., Abel Avellan, Invesat LLC, Vodafone Ventures Limited, Rakuten Mobile USA Service Inc., ATC TRS II LLC and New Providence Management LLC
10.2* | Sponsor Voting Agreement, dated as of April 6, 2021, by and among AST SpaceMobile, Inc. and New Providence Management LLC
10.3* | Registration Rights Agreement, dated as of April 6, 2021, by and among AST SpaceMobile, Inc., Abel Avellan, Invesat LLC, Vodafone Ventures Limited, Rakuten Mobile USA Service Inc., ATC TRS II LLC and New Providence Management LLC
10.4* | Tax Receivable Agreement, dated as of April 6, 2021, by and among AST SpaceMobile, Inc., AST & Science, LLC, Thomas Severson, as TRA Holder Representative, and the TRA Holders named therein
10.5* | Fifth Amended and Restated Operating Agreement of AST & Science, LLC
10.6† | AST SpaceMobile, Inc. 2020 Incentive Award Plan
10.7† | AST SpaceMobile, Inc. 2020 Incentive Award Plan – Form of Stock Option Agreement
10.8† | AST SpaceMobile, Inc. 2020 Incentive Award Plan – Form of Restricted Stock Unit Agreement
10.9† | AST SpaceMobile, Inc. 2020 Employee Stock Purchase Plan
10.10† | Form of Director and Officer Indemnification Agreement
10.11† | Non-Employee Director Compensation Policy
10.12† | Offer Letter between AST & Science, LLC and Abel Avellan
10.13† | Offer Letter between AST & Science, LLC and Thomas Severson
10.14† | Offer Letter between AST & Science, LLC and Rulfo Hernandez
10.15* | Amended and Restated Series B Preferred Shares Purchase Agreement, dated as of February 4, 2020, by and among AST & Science, LLC, Vodafone Ventures Limited, ATC TRS II LLC and Rakuten Mobile Singapore PTE. LTD.
10.16* | Letter Agreement, dated as of December 15, 2020, by and between AST & Science, LLC and Vodafone Ventures Limited
10.17* | Letter Agreement, dated as of December 15, 2020, by and between AST & Science, LLC and ATC TRS II LLC, as predecessor in interest to ATC TRS IV LLC
10.18* | Amended and Restated Commercial Agreement, dated as of December 15, 2020, by and between AST & Science, LLC and Rakuten Mobile Singapore Pte. Ltd.
10.19* | Patent and Know-How License Agreement, dated June 21, 2019, by and between SRS Space Limited and AST & Science, LLC
10.20* | Launch Services Contract, dated July 17, 2020, by and between AST & Science, LLC and Joint Stock Company “GK Launch Services”
10.21* | Design and Manufacturing Agreement, dated September 23, 2020, by and between Dialog Semiconductor Operations Services Limited and AST & Science LLC
10.22* | Sublease Agreement, dated November 13, 2018, by and between the Midland Development Corporation and AST & Science, LLC
21.1 | List of subsidiaries
99.1 | Audited consolidated financial statements of AST as of December 31, 2020 and 2019 and for the years ended December 31, 2020, 2019 and 2018
99.2 | Unaudited pro forma condensed combined financial information of the Company as of and for the year ended December 31, 2020
99.3 | Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations for AST for the years ended December 31, 2020 and 2019 * | Certain schedules and exhibits to this Exhibit have been omitted pursuant to Item 601(a)(5) or Item 601(b)(10)(iv), as applicable, of Regulation S-K. The Registrant agrees to furnish supplemental copies of all omitted exhibits and schedules to the Securities and Exchange Commission upon its request. † | Indicates a management contract or compensatory plan. SIGNATURE Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf
by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized. Dated:
April 12, 2021 AST SPACEMOBILE, INC.
By: | /s/ Abel Avellan
Name: | Abel Avellan
Title: | Chief Executive Officer