S-1/A 1 ea128267-s1a4_decarbon.htm AMENDMENT NO. 4 TO FORM S-1 As filed with the U.S. Securities and
Exchange Commission on October 15, 2020. Registration No. 333-248958 UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 AMENDMENT NO. 4 TO FORM S-1 REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933 Decarbonization Plus Acquisition Corporation (Exact name of registrant as specified in
its charter) Delaware | 6770 | 82-2726724
(State or Other Jurisdiction of Incorporation or Organization) | (Primary Standard Industrial Classification Code Number) | (I.R.S. Employer Identification Number) 2744 Sand Hill Road Menlo Park, CA 94025 (212) 993-0076 (Address, Including Zip Code, and Telephone
Number, Including Area Code, of Registrant’s Principal Executive Offices) Erik Anderson Chief Executive Officer Decarbonization Plus Acquisition Corporation 2744 Sand Hill Road Menlo Park, CA 94025 (212) 993-0076 (Name, Address, Including Zip Code, and
Telephone Number, Including Area Code, of Agent For Service) Copies to: E. Ramey Layne Brenda Lenahan Vinson & Elkins L.L.P. 1001 Fannin Street, Suite 2500 Houston, Texas 77002 (713) 758-2222 | Derek J. Dostal Deanna L. Kirkpatrick Davis Polk & Wardwell LLP 450 Lexington Avenue New York, New York 10017 (212) 450-4000 Approximate date of commencement of proposed
sale to the public: As soon as practicable after the effective
date of this registration statement. If
any of the securities being registered on this Form are to be offered on a delayed or continuous basis pursuant to Rule 415 under
the Securities Act of 1933, check the following box. ☐ If
this Form is filed to register additional securities for an offering pursuant to Rule 462(b) under the Securities Act, please
check the following box and list the Securities Act registration statement number of the earlier effective registration statement
for the same offering. ☐ If
this Form is a post-effective amendment filed pursuant to Rule 462(c) under the Securities Act, check the following box and list
the Securities Act registration statement number of the earlier effective registration statement for the same offering. ☐ If
this Form is a post-effective amendment filed pursuant to Rule 462(d) under the Securities Act, check the following box and
list the Securities Act registration statement number of the earlier effective registration statement for the same
offering. ☐ Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth
company. See the definitions of “large accelerated filer,” “accelerated filer,” “smaller reporting
company” and “emerging growth company” in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one): Large accelerated filer | ☐ | Accelerated filer | ☐
Non-accelerated filer | ☒ | Smaller reporting company | ☒
Emerging growth company | ☒ If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for
complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the Securities
Act. ☐ The Registrant hereby amends this Registration
Statement on such date or dates as may be necessary to delay its effective date until the registrant shall file a further amendment
which specifically states that this Registration Statement shall thereafter become effective in accordance with Section 8(a) of
the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or until the Registration Statement shall become effective on such date as the Securities
and Exchange Commission, acting pursuant to said Section 8(a), may determine. EXPLANATORY NOTE Decarbonization Plus Acquisition Corporation
(alternately, the “Registrant,” “we,” “us,” “our” and other similar terms) is filing
this Amendment No. 4 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-248958) solely for the purpose of filing with the
U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission certain exhibits attached hereto. Accordingly, this Amendment consists only of the facing
page, this explanatory note, Part II of the Registration Statement, the signature pages to the Registration Statement and the filed
exhibits. The prospectus is unchanged and has been omitted. PART II INFORMATION NOT REQUIRED IN PROSPECTUS Item 13. Other Expenses of Issuance and Distribution. The estimated expenses payable by us in connection
with the offering described in this registration statement (other than the underwriting discount and commissions) will be as follows: Legal fees and expenses | $ | 350,000
Accounting fees and expenses | 47,500
SEC expenses | 44,781
FINRA expenses | 52,250
Travel and road show | 20,000
NASDAQ listing and filing fees | 75,000
Directors and officers insurance (1) | 175,000
Printing and engraving expenses | 75,000
Miscellaneous expenses | 60,469
Total offering expenses | $ | 900,000 (1) | This amount represents the approximate amount of annual director and officer liability insurance premiums the registrant anticipates paying following the completion of its initial public offering and until it completes a business combination. Item 14. Indemnification of Directors and Officers. Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation
will provide that all of our directors, officers, employees and agents shall be entitled to be indemnified by us to the fullest
extent permitted by Section 145 of the Delaware General Corporation Law (“DGCL”). Section 145 of the DGCL concerning indemnification
of officers, directors, employees and agents is set forth below. Section 145. Indemnification of officers,
directors, employees and agents; insurance. (a) A
corporation shall have power to indemnify any person who was or is a party or is threatened to be made a party to any threatened,
pending or completed action, suit or proceeding, whether civil, criminal, administrative or investigative (other than an action
by or in the right of the corporation) by reason of the fact that the person is or was a director, officer, employee or agent of
the corporation, or is or was serving at the request of the corporation as a director, officer, employee or agent of another corporation,
partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise, against expenses (including attorneys’ fees), judgments, fines and
amounts paid in settlement actually and reasonably incurred by the person in connection with such action, suit or proceeding if
the person acted in good faith and in a manner the person reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of
the corporation, and, with respect to any criminal action or proceeding, had no reasonable cause to believe the person’s
conduct was unlawful. The termination of any action, suit or proceeding by judgment, order, settlement, conviction, or upon a plea
of nolo contendere or its equivalent, shall not, of itself, create a presumption that the person did not act in good faith and
in a manner which the person reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the corporation, and, with respect
to any criminal action or proceeding, had reasonable cause to believe that the person’s conduct was unlawful. (b) A
corporation shall have power to indemnify any person who was or is a party or is threatened to be made a party to any threatened,
pending or completed action or suit by or in the right of the corporation to procure a judgment in its favor by reason of the fact
that the person is or was a director, officer, employee or agent of the corporation, or is or was serving at the request of the
corporation as a director, officer, employee or agent of another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise
against expenses (including attorneys’ fees) actually and reasonably incurred by the person in connection with the defense
or settlement of such action or suit if the person acted in good faith and in a manner the person reasonably believed to be in
or not opposed to the best interests of the corporation and except that no indemnification shall be made in respect of any claim,
issue or matter as to which such person shall have been adjudged to be liable to the corporation unless and only to the extent
that the Court of Chancery or the court in which such action or suit was brought shall determine upon application that, despite
the adjudication of liability but in view of all the circumstances of the case, such person is fairly and reasonably entitled to
indemnity for such expenses which the Court of Chancery or such other court shall deem proper. II- 1 (c) To
the extent that a present or former director or officer of a corporation has been successful on the merits or otherwise in defense
of any action, suit or proceeding referred to in subsections (a) and (b) of this section, or in defense of any claim,
issue or matter therein, such person shall be indemnified against expenses (including attorneys’ fees) actually and reasonably
incurred by such person in connection therewith. (d) Any
indemnification under subsections (a) and (b) of this section (unless ordered by a court) shall be made by the corporation
only as authorized in the specific case upon a determination that indemnification of the present or former director, officer, employee
or agent is proper in the circumstances because the person has met the applicable standard of conduct set forth in subsections
(a) and (b) of this section. Such determination shall be made, with respect to a person who is a director or officer
of the corporation at the time of such determination, (1) by a majority vote of the directors who are not parties to such
action, suit or proceeding, even though less than a quorum, or (2) by a committee of such directors designated by majority
vote of such directors, even though less than a quorum, or (3) if there are no such directors, or if such directors so direct,
by independent legal counsel in a written opinion, or (4) by the stockholders. (e) Expenses
(including attorneys’ fees) incurred by an officer or director of the corporation in defending any civil, criminal, administrative
or investigative action, suit or proceeding may be paid by the corporation in advance of the final disposition of such action,
suit or proceeding upon receipt of an undertaking by or on behalf of such director or officer to repay such amount if it shall
ultimately be determined that such person is not entitled to be indemnified by the corporation as authorized in this section. Such
expenses (including attorneys’ fees) incurred by former directors and officers or other employees and agents of the corporation
or by persons serving at the request of the corporation as directors, officers, employees or agents of another corporation, partnership,
joint venture, trust or other enterprise may be so paid upon such terms and conditions, if any, as the corporation deems appropriate. (f) The
indemnification and advancement of expenses provided by, or granted pursuant to, the other subsections of this section shall not
be deemed exclusive of any other rights to which those seeking indemnification or advancement of expenses may be entitled under
any bylaw, agreement, vote of stockholders or disinterested directors or otherwise, both as to action in such person’s official
capacity and as to action in another capacity while holding such office. A right to indemnification or to advancement of expenses
arising under a provision of the certificate of incorporation or a bylaw shall not be eliminated or impaired by an amendment to
the certificate of incorporation or the bylaws after the occurrence of the act or omission that is the subject of the civil, criminal,
administrative or investigative action, suit or proceeding for which indemnification or advancement of expenses is sought, unless
the provision in effect at the time of such act or omission explicitly authorizes such elimination or impairment after such action
or omission has occurred. (g) A
corporation shall have power to purchase and maintain insurance on behalf of any person who is or was a director, officer, employee
or agent of the corporation, or is or was serving at the request of the corporation as a director, officer, employee or agent of
another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise against any liability asserted against such person and
incurred by such person in any such capacity, or arising out of such person’s status as such, whether or not the corporation
would have the power to indemnify such person against such liability under this section. (h) For
purposes of this section, references to “the corporation” shall include, in addition to the resulting corporation,
any constituent corporation (including any constituent of a constituent) absorbed in a consolidation or merger which, if its separate
existence had continued, would have had power and authority to indemnify its directors, officers, and employees or agents, so that
any person who is or was a director, officer, employee or agent of such constituent corporation, or is or was serving at the request
of such constituent corporation as a director, officer, employee or agent of another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust
or other enterprise, shall stand in the same position under this section with respect to the resulting or surviving corporation
as such person would have with respect to such constituent corporation if its separate existence had continued. II- 2 (i) For
purposes of this section, references to “other enterprises” shall include employee benefit plans; references to “fines”
shall include any excise taxes assessed on a person with respect to any employee benefit plan; and references to “serving
at the request of the corporation” shall include any service as a director, officer, employee or agent of the corporation
which imposes duties on, or involves services by, such director, officer, employee or agent with respect to an employee benefit
plan, its participants or beneficiaries; and a person who acted in good faith and in a manner such person reasonably believed to
be in the interest of the participants and beneficiaries of an employee benefit plan shall be deemed to have acted in a manner
“not opposed to the best interests of the corporation” as referred to in this section. (j) The
indemnification and advancement of expenses provided by, or granted pursuant to, this section shall, unless otherwise provided
when authorized or ratified, continue as to a person who has ceased to be a director, officer, employee or agent and shall inure
to the benefit of the heirs, executors and administrators of such a person. (k) The
Court of Chancery is hereby vested with exclusive jurisdiction to hear and determine all actions for advancement of expenses or
indemnification brought under this section or under any bylaw, agreement, vote of stockholders or disinterested directors, or otherwise.
The Court of Chancery may summarily determine a corporation’s obligation to advance expenses (including attorneys’
fees). Insofar as indemnification for liabilities
arising under the Securities Act may be permitted to our directors, officers, and controlling persons pursuant to the foregoing
provisions, or otherwise, we have been advised that, in the opinion of the SEC, such indemnification is against public policy as
expressed in the Securities Act and is, therefore, unenforceable. In the event that a claim for indemnification against such liabilities
(other than the payment of expenses incurred or paid by a director, officer or controlling person in a successful defense of any
action, suit or proceeding) is asserted by such director, officer or controlling person in connection with the securities being
registered, we will, unless in the opinion of its counsel the matter has been settled by controlling precedent, submit to the court
of appropriate jurisdiction the question whether such indemnification by it is against public policy as expressed in the Securities
Act and will be governed by the final adjudication of such issue. In accordance with Section 102(b)(7)
of the DGCL, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation, will provide that no director shall be personally liable to
us or any of our stockholders for monetary damages resulting from breaches of their fiduciary duty as directors, except to the
extent such limitation on or exemption from liability is not permitted under the DGCL unless they violated their duty of loyalty
to the Company or its stockholders, acted in bad faith, knowingly or intentionally violated the law, authorized unlawful payments
of dividends, unlawful stock purchases or unlawful redemptions, or derived improper personal benefit from their actions as directors.
The effect of this provision of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation is to eliminate our rights and those of our
stockholders (through stockholders’ derivative suits on our behalf) to recover monetary damages against a director for breach
of the fiduciary duty of care as a director, including breaches resulting from negligent or grossly negligent behavior, except,
as restricted by Section 102(b)(7) of the DGCL. However, this provision does not limit or eliminate our rights or the rights
of any stockholder to seek non-monetary relief, such as an injunction or rescission, in the event of a breach of a director’s
duty of care. If the DGCL is amended to authorize corporate
action further eliminating or limiting the liability of directors, then, in accordance with our amended and restated certificate
of incorporation, the liability of our directors to us or our stockholders will be eliminated or limited to the fullest extent
authorized by the DGCL, as so amended. Any repeal or amendment of provisions of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation
limiting or eliminating the liability of directors, whether by our stockholders or by changes in law, or the adoption of any other
provisions inconsistent therewith, will (unless otherwise required by law) be prospective only, except to the extent such amendment
or change in law permits us to further limit or eliminate the liability of directors on a retroactive basis. Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation
will also provide that we will, to the fullest extent authorized or permitted by applicable law, indemnify our current and former
officers and directors, as well as those persons who, while directors or officers of our corporation, are or were serving as directors,
officers, employees or agents of another entity, trust or other enterprise, including service with respect to an employee benefit
plan, in connection with any threatened, pending or completed proceeding, whether civil, criminal, administrative or investigative,
against all expense, liability and loss (including, without limitation, attorney’s fees, judgments, fines, ERISA excise taxes
and penalties and amounts paid in settlement) reasonably incurred or suffered by any such person in connection with any such proceeding.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, a person eligible for indemnification pursuant to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation
will be indemnified by us in connection with a proceeding initiated by such person only if such proceeding was authorized by our
board of directors, except for proceedings to enforce rights to indemnification. II- 3 The right to indemnification conferred by
our amended and restated certificate of incorporation is a contract right that includes the right to be paid by us the expenses
incurred in defending or otherwise participating in any proceeding referenced above in advance of its final disposition, provided,
however, that if the DGCL requires, an advancement of expenses incurred by our officer or director (solely in the capacity as an
officer or director of our corporation) will be made only upon delivery to us of an undertaking, by or on behalf of such officer
or director, to repay all amounts so advanced if it is ultimately determined that such person is not entitled to be indemnified
for such expenses under our amended and restated certificate of incorporation or otherwise. The rights to indemnification and advancement
of expenses will not be deemed exclusive of any other rights which any person covered by our amended and restated certificate of
incorporation may have or hereafter acquire under law, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation, our bylaws, an agreement,
vote of stockholders or disinterested directors, or otherwise. Any repeal or amendment of provisions of
our amended and restated certificate of incorporation affecting indemnification rights, whether by our stockholders or by changes
in law, or the adoption of any other provisions inconsistent therewith, will (unless otherwise required by law) be prospective
only, except to the extent such amendment or change in law permits us to provide broader indemnification rights on a retroactive
basis, and will not in any way diminish or adversely affect any right or protection existing at the time of such repeal or amendment
or adoption of such inconsistent provision with respect to any act or omission occurring prior to such repeal or amendment or adoption
of such inconsistent provision. Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation will also permit us, to the extent and in
the manner authorized or permitted by law, to indemnify and to advance expenses to persons other that those specifically covered
by our amended and restated certificate of incorporation. Our bylaws include the provisions relating
to advancement of expenses and indemnification rights consistent with those set forth in our amended and restated certificate of
incorporation. In addition, our bylaws provide for a right of indemnity to bring a suit in the event a claim for indemnification
or advancement of expenses is not paid in full by us within a specified period of time. Our bylaws also permit us to purchase and
maintain insurance, at our expense, to protect us and/or any director, officer, employee or agent of our corporation or another
entity, trust or other enterprise against any expense, liability or loss, whether or not we would have the power to indemnify such
person against such expense, liability or loss under the DGCL. Any repeal or amendment of provisions of
our bylaws affecting indemnification rights, whether by our board of directors, stockholders or by changes in applicable law, or
the adoption of any other provisions inconsistent therewith, will (unless otherwise required by law) be prospective only, except
to the extent such amendment or change in law permits us to provide broader indemnification rights on a retroactive basis, and
will not in any way diminish or adversely affect any right or protection existing thereunder with respect to any act or omission
occurring prior to such repeal or amendment or adoption of such inconsistent provision. We will enter into indemnity agreements with
each of our officers and directors, a form of which is to be filed as an exhibit to this Registration Statement. These agreements
will require us to indemnify these individuals to the fullest extent permitted under Delaware law and to advance expenses incurred
as a result of any proceeding against them as to which they could be indemnified. Pursuant to the Underwriting Agreement to
be filed as Exhibit 1.1 to this Registration Statement, we have agreed to indemnify the underwriters and the underwriters have
agreed to indemnify us against certain civil liabilities that may be incurred in connection with this offering, including certain
liabilities under the Securities Act. Item 15. Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities. On September 12, 2017, our sponsor purchased
an aggregate of 11,500,000 shares of our Class B common stock, for an aggregate offering price of $25,000, or approximately
$0.002 per share. Such securities were issued in connection with our organization pursuant to the exemption from registration contained
in Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act. In September and October 2020, our sponsor returned to us at no cost an aggregate
of 5,750,000 founder shares, which we cancelled. II- 4 Our sponsor is an accredited investor for
purposes of Rule 501 of Regulation D under the Securities Act. In addition, our sponsor, independent director
nominees and an affiliate of our chief executive officer have committed, pursuant to a written agreement, to purchase from us an
aggregate of 6,000,000 (or 6,600,000 if the underwriters’ over-allotment option is exercised in full) private placement warrants
at $1.00 per warrant (for an aggregate purchase price of approximately $6,000,000 (or $6,600,000 if the underwriters’ over-allotment
option is exercised in full)). These purchases will take place on a private placement basis simultaneously with the completion
of this offering. These issuances will be made pursuant to the exemption from registration contained in Section 4(a)(2) of
the Securities Act. No underwriting discounts or commissions
were paid with respect to such sales. Item 16. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules. (a)
Exhibits. The list of exhibits following the signature page of this registration statement is incorporated herein by reference. (b)
Financial Statements. See page F-1 for an index to the financial statements and schedules included in the registration statement. Item 17. Undertakings . (a) The
undersigned registrant hereby undertakes to provide to the underwriter at the closing specified in the underwriting agreements,
certificates in such denominations and registered in such names as required by the underwriter to permit prompt delivery to each
purchaser. (b) Insofar
as indemnification for liabilities arising under the Securities Act of 1933 may be permitted to directors, officers and controlling
persons of the registrant pursuant to the foregoing provisions, or otherwise, the registrant has been advised that in the opinion
of the Securities and Exchange Commission such indemnification is against public policy as expressed in the Act and is, therefore,
unenforceable. In the event that a claim for indemnification against such liabilities (other than the payment by the registrant
of expenses incurred or paid by a director, officer or controlling person of the registrant in the successful defense of any action,
suit or proceeding) is asserted by such director, officer or controlling person in connection with the securities being registered,
the registrant will, unless in the opinion of its counsel the matter has been settled by controlling precedent, submit to a court
of appropriate jurisdiction the question whether such indemnification by it is against public policy as expressed in the Act and
will be governed by the final adjudication of such issue. (c) The
undersigned registrant hereby undertakes that: (1) For
purposes of determining any liability under the Securities Act of 1933, the information omitted from the form of prospectus filed
as part of this registration statement in reliance upon Rule 430A and contained in a form of prospectus filed by the registrant
pursuant to Rule 424(b)(1) or (4) or 497(h) under the Securities Act shall be deemed to be part of this registration
statement as of the time it was declared effective. (2) For
the purpose of determining any liability under the Securities Act of 1933, each post-effective amendment that contains a form of
prospectus shall be deemed to be a new registration statement relating to the securities offered therein, and the offering of such
securities at that time shall be deemed to be the initial bona fide offering thereof. II- 5 EXHIBIT INDEX Exhibit No. | Description
1.1 | Form of Underwriting Agreement.*
3.1 | Certificate of Incorporation of the Registrant (f/k/a Silver Run Acquisition Corporation III).**
3.2 | Certificate of Amendment to Certificate of Incorporation of the Registrant (f/k/a Silver Run Acquisition Corporation III).**
3.3 | Form of Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation.**
3.4 | Amended and Restated Bylaws.**
4.1 | Specimen Unit Certificate.*
4.2 | Specimen Class A Common Stock Certificate.**
4.3 | Specimen Warrant Certificate.**
4.4 | Form of Warrant Agreement between Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company and the Registrant.*
5.1 | Opinion of Vinson & Elkins L.L.P.*
10.1 | Amended and Restated Promissory Note, dated as of August 19, 2020, issued to sponsor (f/k/a Silver Run Sponsor, LLC).**
10.2 | Form of Letter Agreement among the Registrant and its officers and directors and sponsor.*
10.3 | Form of Investment Management Trust Agreement between Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company and the Registrant.*
10.4 | Form of Registration Rights Agreement among the Registrant and certain security holders.*
10.5 | Securities Subscription Agreement, dated September 12, 2017, between the Registrant (f/k/a Silver Run Acquisition Corporation III) and sponsor (f/k/a Silver Run Sponsor, LLC).**
10.6 | Form of Private Placement Warrants Purchase Agreement between the Registrant and sponsor.*
10.7 | Form of Indemnity Agreement.**
10.8 | Form of Administrative Support Agreement.**
14.1 | Form of Code of Ethics.**
23.1 | Consent of WithumSmith+Brown, PC.**
23.2 | Consent of Vinson & Elkins L.L.P. (included in Exhibit 5.1).*
24.1 | Power of Attorney (included on signature page of this Registration Statement).**
99.1 | Form of Audit Committee Charter.**
99.2 | Form of Compensation Committee Charter.**
99.3 | Consent of Dr. Jennifer Aaker**
99.4 | Consent of Erik Anderson**
99.5 | Consent of Jane Kearns**
99.6 | Consent of Pierre Lapeyre, Jr.**
99.7 | Consent of David Leuschen**
99.8 | Consent of Jim McDermott**
99.9 | Consent of Jeffrey Tepper**
99.10 | Consent of Michael Warren** * | Filed herewith. ** | Previously filed. II- 6 SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
Act of 1933, as amended, the registrant has duly caused this Amendment No. 4 to the Registration Statement to be signed on its
behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized, in the City of New York, State of New York, on the 15 th day of October, 2020. Decarbonization Plus Acquisition Corporation
By: | /s/ Erik Anderson
Erik Anderson Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
Act of 1933, as amended, this Registration Statement has been signed below by the following persons in the capacities and on the
dates indicated. Name | Position | Date
/s/ Erik Anderson | Chief Executive Officer | October 15, 2020
Erik Anderson | (Principal Executive Officer)
/s/ Peter Haskopoulos | Chief Financial Officer, | October 15, 2020
Peter Haskopoulos | Chief Accounting Officer and Secretary (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer)
/s/ Robert Tichio | Director | October 15, 2020
Robert Tichio II-7