DEF 14A 1 d639437ddef14a.htm DEF 14A DEF 14A Table of Contents UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 SCHEDULE 14A (Rule 14a-101) SCHEDULE 14A INFORMATION Proxy Statement Pursuant to Section 14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (Amendment No.) Filed by the
Registrant ☒ Filed by a Party other than the
Registrant ☐ Check the appropriate box: ☐ | Preliminary Proxy Statement
☐ | Confidential, for Use of the Commission Only (as permitted by Rule 14a-6(e)(2))
☒ | Definitive Proxy Statement
☐ | Definitive Additional Materials
☐ | Soliciting Material Pursuant to §240. 14a-12 Teradyne, Inc. (Name of
Registrant as Specified In Its Charter) (Name of Person(s) Filing Proxy Statement, if other than the Registrant) Payment of Filing Fee (Check the appropriate box): ☒ | No fee required.
☐ | Fee computed on table below per Exchange Act Rules 14a-6(i)(4) and 0-11.
(1) | Title of each class of securities to which transaction applies:
(2) | Aggregate number of securities to which transaction applies:
(3) | Per unit price or other underlying value of transaction computed pursuant to Exchange Act Rule 0-11 (set forth the amount on which the filing fee is calculated and state how it was determined):
(4) | Proposed maximum aggregate value of transaction:
(5) | Total fee paid:
☐ | Fee paid previously with preliminary materials.
☐ | Check box if any part of the fee is offset as provided by Exchange Act Rule 0-11(a)(2) and identify the filing for which the offsetting fee was paid previously. Identify the previous filing by registration statement number, or the Form or Schedule and the date of its filing.
(1) | Amount Previously Paid:
(2) | Form, Schedule or Registration Statement No.:
(3) | Filing Party:
(4) | Date Filed: Table of Contents TERADYNE, INC. 600 Riverpark Drive North Reading, Massachusetts 01864 NOTICE OF ANNUAL MEETING OF SHAREHOLDERS TO THE SHAREHOLDERS: The Annual Meeting of Shareholders of Teradyne, Inc., a Massachusetts corporation, will be held on Tuesday, May 7,
2019 at 10:30 A.M. Eastern Time, at the offices of Teradyne, Inc. at 600 Riverpark Drive, North Reading, Massachusetts 01864, for the following purposes: 1. To elect the eight nominees named in the accompanying proxy statement to the Board of Directors to serve as directors for a one-year term. 2. To approve, in a non-binding, advisory vote, the compensation of the
Company’s named executive officers. 3. To ratify the selection of the firm of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP
as the Company’s independent registered public accounting firm for the fiscal year ending December 31, 2019. 4. To transact such other business as may properly come before the meeting and any postponements or adjournments thereof. Shareholders entitled to notice of and to vote at the meeting shall be determined as of the close of business on March 14, 2019, the record date fixed by the Board of Directors for such purpose. By Order of the Board of Directors, Charles J. Gray, Secretary March 28, 2019 Shareholders
are requested to vote in one of the following three ways: (1) by completing, signing and dating the proxy card provided by Teradyne and returning it by return mail to Teradyne in the enclosed envelope or at the address indicated on the proxy
card, (2) by completing a proxy using the toll-free telephone number listed on the proxy card, or (3) by completing a proxy on the Internet at the address listed on the proxy card. Table of Contents Table of Contents Page
PROXY STATEMENT | 1
PROPOSAL NO. 1: ELECTION OF DIRECTORS | 2
PROPOSAL NO. 2: ADVISORY VOTE ON COMPENSATION OF NAMED EXECUTIVE OFFICERS | 6
PROPOSAL NO. 3: RATIFICATION OF SELECTION OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM | 8
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE AND BOARD OF DIRECTORS | 9
Corporate Governance and Board Policies | 9
Board Meetings | 12
Board Committees | 12
Director Compensation | 14
Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance | 16
AUDIT AND FINANCIAL ACCOUNTING OVERSIGHT | 17
Audit Committee Report | 17
Principal Accountant Fees and Services | 17
OWNERSHIP OF SECURITIES | 19
EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION | 21
Compensation Discussion and Analysis | 21
2018 Executive Compensation Summary | 21
Executive Compensation Objectives | 24
Executive Compensation Program | 25
2018 Executive Compensation | 32
2019 Executive Compensation | 35
Compensation Committee Report | 38
Executive Compensation Tables | 39
Summary Compensation Table for 2018 | 39
Grants of Plan-Based Awards Table for 2018 | 40
Outstanding Equity Awards at Fiscal Year-End Table for 2018 | 41
Option Exercises and Stock Vested Table for 2018 | 43
Retirement and Post-Employment Tables | 43
Post-Termination Compensation Table | 45
CEO Pay Ratio | 47
OTHER MATTERS | 48
Shareholder Proposals for 2020 Annual Meeting of Shareholders | 48
Expenses and Solicitation | 48
Incorporation by Reference | 48
Householding for Shareholders Sharing the Same Address | 49 i Table of Contents TERADYNE, INC. 600 Riverpark Drive North Reading, Massachusetts 01864 PROXY STATEMENT March 28, 2019 Proxies in the form provided by Teradyne, Inc. (“Teradyne” or the “Company”) are solicited by the Board of Directors
(“Board”) of Teradyne for use at the Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be held on Tuesday, May 7, 2019, at 10:30 A.M. Eastern Time, at the offices of Teradyne, Inc. at 600 Riverpark Drive, North Reading, Massachusetts 01864. Only shareholders of record as of the close of business on March 14, 2019 (the “Record Date”) will be entitled to vote at this
annual meeting and any adjournments thereof. As of the Record Date, 173,177,196 shares of common stock were issued and outstanding. Each share outstanding as of the Record Date will be entitled to one vote, and shareholders may vote in person or by
proxy. Delivery of a proxy will not in any way affect a shareholder’s right to attend the annual meeting and vote in person. Any shareholder delivering a proxy has the right to revoke it only by written notice to the Secretary or Assistant
Secretary delivered at any time before it is exercised, including at the annual meeting. All properly completed proxy forms returned in time to be cast at the annual meeting will be voted. Important Notice Regarding the Availability of Proxy Materials for the Shareholder Meeting to be Held on May 7, 2019 This Proxy Statement and the Accompanying Annual Report on Form 10-K, Letter to Shareholders, and
Notice, are available at www.proxyvote.com At the meeting, the shareholders will consider and vote upon the following
proposals put forth by the Board: 1. To elect the eight nominees named in this proxy statement to the Board of Directors
to serve as directors for a one-year term. 2. To approve, in a non-binding, advisory vote, the compensation of the Company’s named executive officers. 3. To ratify the selection of the firm of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP as the Company’s independent registered public
accounting firm for the fiscal year ending December 31, 2019. The Board recommends that you vote FOR the proposals listed
above. On or about March 28, 2019, the Company mailed to its shareholders of record as of March 14, 2019 a notice containing
instructions on how to access this proxy statement and the Company’s annual report online and to vote. Also on March 28, 2019, the Company began mailing printed copies of these proxy materials to shareholders that have requested printed
copies. If you received a notice by mail, you will not receive a printed copy of the proxy materials in the mail unless you request a
copy. Instead, the notice instructs you on how to access and review all of the important information contained in the proxy statement and annual report. The notice also instructs you on how you may submit your proxy over the Internet. If you
received a notice by mail and would like to receive a printed copy of the proxy materials, you should follow the instructions for requesting such materials included in the notice. Table of Contents If a shareholder completes and submits a proxy, the shares represented by the proxy will be
voted in accordance with the instructions for such proxy. If a shareholder submits a proxy card but does not fill out the voting instructions, shares represented by such proxy will be voted FOR the proposals listed above. Shareholders may vote in one of the following three ways: 1. by completing a proxy on the Internet at the address listed on the proxy card or notice, 2. by completing a proxy using the toll-free telephone number listed on the proxy card or notice, or 3. by completing, signing and dating the proxy card provided by Teradyne and returning it in the enclosed envelope or by return
mail to Teradyne at the address indicated on the proxy card. A majority of the outstanding shares represented at the meeting in person or
by proxy shall constitute a quorum for the transaction of business. Abstentions and broker “non-votes” are counted as present or represented for purposes of determining the presence or absence of a
quorum for the meeting. A “non-vote” occurs when a nominee holding shares for a beneficial owner votes on one proposal, but does not vote on another proposal because the nominee does not have
discretionary voting power and has not received instructions from the beneficial owner. For this annual meeting, on all matters being submitted to shareholders, an affirmative vote of at least a majority of the shares voting on the matter at the
meeting is required for approval. The vote on each matter submitted to shareholders is tabulated separately. Abstentions are not included in the number of shares present, or represented, and voting on each separate matter. Broker “non-votes” are also not included. An automated system administered by Teradyne’s transfer agent tabulates the votes. The Board knows of no other matter to be presented at the annual meeting. If any other matter should be presented at the annual meeting upon
which a vote properly may be taken, shares represented by all proxies received by the Board will be voted in accordance with the judgment of those officers named as proxies and in accordance with the Securities and Exchange Commission’s
(“SEC’s”) proxy rules. See the section entitled “Shareholder Proposals for 2020 Annual Meeting of Shareholders” for additional information. PROPOSAL NO. 1 ELECTION OF DIRECTORS The
Board presently consists of eight members, seven of whom are independent directors. Each director is elected annually for a one-year term. The terms of the directors expire at the 2019 Annual Meeting of
Shareholders. The Board, based on the recommendation of the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee, has nominated all current directors for re-election. Teradyne has no reason to believe that any of the
nominees will be unable to serve; however, if that should be the case, proxies will be voted for the election of some other person (nominated in accordance with Teradyne’s bylaws) or the Board will decrease the number of directors that
currently serve on the Board. If elected, each director will hold office until the 2020 Annual Meeting of Shareholders. The Board recommends a vote
FOR the election to the Board each of Mses. Johnson and Matz and each of Messrs. Bradley, Gillis, Guertin, Jagiela, Tufano and Vallee. The following table sets forth the nominees to be elected at this annual meeting, the year each person was first appointed or elected, the
principal occupation of that person during at least the past five years, that person’s age, any other public company boards on which the nominee serves or has served in the past five years, and the nominee’s qualifications to serve on the
Board. In addition to the information presented below regarding each nominee’s specific experience, qualifications, attributes and skills that led the Board to the conclusion that he or she should serve as a director, Teradyne also believes
that all of its director nominees have a reputation for integrity, honesty and adherence to high ethical standards. They each have demonstrated business acumen and an ability to exercise sound judgment, as well as a commitment of service to Teradyne
and the Board. Additionally, Teradyne values the directors’ significant experience on other public company boards of directors and board committees. 2 Table of Contents Nominees for Directors Name | Year Became Director | Background and Qualifications
Michael A. Bradley | 2004 | Mr. Bradley, 70, served as the Company’s Chief Executive Officer from May 2004 until February 2014. He was President of Teradyne from May 2003 until January 2013, President of the Semiconductor Test Division from April 2001 until May 2003 and Chief Financial Officer from July 1999 until April 2001. From 1992 until 2001, he held various Vice President positions at Teradyne. Mr. Bradley has been a director of Entegris, Inc., and its predecessor company Mykrolis Corporation, since 2001 and of Avnet, Inc. since November 2012. Mr. Bradley contributes valuable institutional knowledge and executive experience from his 40 years with Teradyne, including 10 years as Chief Executive Officer.
Edwin J. Gillis | 2006 | Mr. Gillis, 70, has worked as a business consultant and private investor since January 2006. From July 2005 to December 2005, he was the Senior Vice President of Administration and Integration of Symantec Corporation, following the merger of Veritas Software Corporation and Symantec Corporation. He served as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Veritas Software Corporation from November 2002 to June 2005, as the Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Parametric Technology Corporation from September 1995 to November 2002, and as the Chief Financial Officer of Lotus Development Corporation from 1991 to September 1995. Prior to joining Lotus, Mr. Gillis was a Certified Public Accountant and partner at Coopers & Lybrand L.L.P. Mr. Gillis has been a director of LogMeIn, Inc. since November 2007. Mr. Gillis was a director of Responsys Inc. from March 2011 to January 2014 and a director of Sophos Plc. from November 2009 to September 2017. Mr. Gillis contributes extensive experience relating to the issues confronting global technology companies and financial reporting expertise as a former Chief Financial Officer of several publicly traded technology companies.
Timothy E. Guertin | 2011 | Mr. Guertin, 69, has served as a director of Varian Medical Systems, Inc. (“Varian”) since 2005. He served as Chief Executive Officer of Varian from February 2006 to September 2012 and as President from August 2005 to September 2012. He served as Chief Operating Officer from October 2004 to February 2006 and as Corporate Executive Vice President from October 2002 to August 2006. Prior to that time, he was President of Varian’s Oncology Systems business unit from 1992 to January 2005 and a Corporate Vice President from 1992 to 2002. Mr. Guertin contributes significant executive experience at a global technology and manufacturing company with issues similar to those confronting Teradyne. 3 Table of Contents Name | Year Became Director | Background and Qualifications
Mark E. Jagiela | 2014 | Mr. Jagiela, 58, has served as a director and as the Company’s Chief Executive Officer since February 2014. He has served as the President of Teradyne since January 2013 and the President of the Company’s Semiconductor Test Division from 2003 to February 2016. Mr. Jagiela was appointed a Vice President of Teradyne in 2001. He has held a variety of senior management roles at the Company including General Manager of Teradyne’s Japan Division. Mr. Jagiela contributes valuable executive experience from his 37 years in multiple management roles, including as President and Chief Executive Officer, within Teradyne.
Mercedes Johnson | 2014 | Ms. Johnson, 65, served as Interim Chief Financial Officer of Intersil Corporation from April 2013 to September 2013 and as the Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Avago Technologies Limited from December 2005 to August 2008. Prior to joining Avago, Ms. Johnson was Senior Vice President, Finance, of Lam Research Corporation from June 2004 to January 2005 and Chief Financial Officer of Lam from May 1997 to May 2004. Ms. Johnson has been a director of Juniper Networks, Inc. since May 2011 and a director of Synopsys, Inc. since February 2017. Ms. Johnson was a director of Intersil Corporation from August 2005 to February 2017 and a director of Micron Technology, Inc. from June 2005 to January 2019. Ms. Johnson contributes valuable industry experience as a former senior financial executive at semiconductor and semiconductor equipment companies as well as a current member of the boards of directors of global technology companies.
Marilyn Matz | 2017 | Ms. Matz, 65, is a co-founder of Paradigm4, Inc. and has served as its Chief Executive Officer and Chair of the Board of Directors since December 2009. Previously, Ms. Matz was a co-founder of Cognex Corporation where she held a variety of leadership positions in engineering and business operations from March 1981 to December 2008 including her final role as Senior Vice President and Business Unit Manager of its PC Vision Products Group. Ms. Matz served on the Board of Directors for LogMeIn, Inc. from September 2014 to February 2017. Ms. Matz contributes valuable technical expertise and leadership experience from more than 37 years in automation, machine vision and software analytics related industries. 4 Table of Contents Name | Year Became Director | Background and Qualifications
Paul J. Tufano | 2005 | Mr. Tufano, 65, served as President and Chief Executive Officer of Benchmark Electronics, Inc. from September 2016 to March 2019. He currently serves as an advisor to Benchmark Electronics. Mr. Tufano served as the Chief Financial Officer of Alcatel-Lucent from December 2008 to September 2013 and Chief Operating Officer of Alcatel-Lucent from January 2013 to September 2013. He was Executive Vice President of Alcatel-Lucent from December 2008 to January 2013. He also served as a consultant for Alcatel-Lucent from September 2013 to April 2014. Mr. Tufano was the Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Solectron Corporation from January 2006 to October 2007 and Interim Chief Executive Officer from February 2007 to October 2007. Prior to joining Solectron, Mr. Tufano worked at Maxtor Corporation where he was President and Chief Executive Officer from February 2003 to November 2004, Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer from April 2001 to February 2003 and Chief Financial Officer from July 1996 to February 2003. From 1979 until he joined Maxtor Corporation in 1996, Mr. Tufano held a variety of management positions in finance and operations at International Business Machines Corporation. Mr. Tufano served on the Board of Directors of Benchmark Electronics, Inc. from February 2016 to March 2019. Mr. Tufano has been a director of EnerSys since April 2015. Mr. Tufano contributes widespread knowledge of the issues confronting complex technology and manufacturing companies and extensive financial reporting expertise.
Roy A. Vallee | 2000 | Mr. Vallee, 66, served as Executive Chairman of the Board of Directors of Avnet, Inc. from July 2011 to November 2012 and as a director of Avnet, Inc. from 1991 to 2012. From July 1998 to July 2011, he was Chairman of the Board of Directors and Chief Executive Officer of Avnet, Inc. He also was Vice Chairman of the Board of Directors from November 1992 to July 1998 and President and Chief Operating Officer from March 1992 until July 1998. Since 2003, Mr. Vallee has been a director of Synopsys, Inc. and currently serves as lead independent director. He is a former Chairman of the Board of Directors of the Federal Reserve Bank of San Francisco. Mr. Vallee contributes valuable executive experience within the global technology industry as well as extensive knowledge of the issues affecting complex technology companies. 5 Table of Contents PROPOSAL NO. 2 ADVISORY VOTE ON COMPENSATION OF NAMED EXECUTIVE OFFICERS The Company is providing shareholders with the opportunity at the 2019 Annual Meeting to vote on the following advisory resolution, commonly
known as “Say-on-Pay”: RESOLVED,
that the shareholders of the Company approve, in a non-binding, advisory vote, the compensation of the Company’s named executive officers as disclosed in the Company’s proxy statement under the
headings “Compensation Discussion and Analysis” and “Executive Compensation Tables” pursuant to Item 402 of Regulation S-K. The Company’s Board of Directors has implemented an executive compensation program that rewards performance. The Board of Directors
fosters a performance-oriented environment by tying a significant portion of each executive officer’s cash and equity compensation to the achievement of short-term and long-term performance objectives that are important to the Company and its
shareholders. The Board of Directors has designed the Company’s executive compensation program to attract, motivate, reward and retain the senior management talent required to achieve the Company’s corporate objectives and increase
shareholder value. The Company believes that its compensation policies and practices reflect a pay-for-performance philosophy and are strongly aligned with the long-term
interests of shareholders. The Company recommends shareholders read the sections of this proxy statement entitled “Compensation Discussion and Analysis” and “Executive Compensation Tables” before voting on this “Say-on-Pay” advisory proposal. The performance-based
executive compensation program resulted in compensation for the Company’s named executive officers that reflects the Company’s challenging performance goals for 2018 and performance in achieving those goals. For the second consecutive
year, the Company earned revenues of $2.1 billion, generated significant free cash flow and increased earnings per share, while producing record gross margins, all as described in the section of this proxy statement entitled “Compensation
Discussion and Analysis”. The Company delivered record memory and analog revenues in its semiconductor test business, which lessened the impact from lower mobility test sales, while growing sales in its wireless test and system test businesses.
Additionally, the Company grew its industrial automation business by 54% year over year, supported by the acquisitions of Mobile Industrial Robots ApS and Energid Technologies Corporation and the hiring of former employees of Rethink Robotics, all
in 2018. The Company’s sustained profitability and free cash flow allowed the Company in 2018 to return $891 million to
shareholders through payment of quarterly dividends and share repurchases. The Company plans to repurchase $500 million of shares in 2019 and continue its quarterly dividend program. The Company’s performance-based variable compensation for 2018 was tied to the Company’s rate of profitability, revenue growth and
the achievement of strategic business objectives, including market share gains, revenue and bookings goals, profit and gross margin targets, strategic customer wins and new product launches – the achievement of which positively impact the
Company’s long-term performance. In 2016, after multiple years of achieving profitability goals at sustained revenue levels, the Company added a two-year rolling revenue growth rate metric as an element
of the variable cash compensation plan to reinforce the importance of achieving short- and long-term revenue growth as well as achieving its profitability goals. In 2018, the Company increased the profit rate before interest and taxes
(“PBIT”) target for variable cash compensation from 15% to 17% and increased the percentage PBIT required for maximum variable cash compensation payout from 25% to 30%. Due to the Company’s rate of profitability, revenue growth and
achievement of certain strategic goals in 2018, executive officers received variable cash compensation payouts ranging from 149% to 158% of target. In 2018, the Company’s long-term performance criteria for performance-based stock awards included both a relative total shareholder
return component and a cumulative PBIT component, each measured at the end of a three-year performance period, consistent with the Company’s long-term goal to deliver profitability and superior 6 Table of Contents return to shareholders. The relative total shareholder component is based on a comparison of the Company’s total shareholder return to the performance of the NYSE Composite Index. In 2018,
the Company increased the three-year cumulative PBIT rate component of the long term performance criteria for performance-based stock awards from 15% to 17% and increased the percentage PBIT required for maximum vesting of PBIT determined
performance-based stock awards from 25% to 30%. The determination of the final number of shares to be received for these performance-based stock awards will not be determined until January 2021. In January 2019, the executive officers achieved (a) 200% of their target performance-based stock awards granted in 2016 based on
Teradyne’s relative total shareholder return performance measured against the NYSE Composite Index during the three-year performance period from January 2016 to January 2019 and (b) 191% of their target performance-based stock awards granted in
2016 based on three-year cumulative PBIT rate from January 1, 2016 to December 31, 2018. The Company’s shareholders voted
to approve the Say-on-Pay advisory proposal at the 2018 Annual Meeting of Shareholders with 96% of the votes cast approving the proposal. Notwithstanding this result,
the Board of Directors continues to assess the Company’s executive compensation program to ensure it remains aligned with both short-term and long-term performance. For example, in 2019, the Company increased the PBIT rate target for variable
cash compensation from 17% to 19%, increased the target two-year rolling revenue growth rate for variable cash compensation from 3% to 5%, increased the revenue growth rate that results in the maximum payout
for the revenue growth metric for variable cash compensation from 10% to 15%, and increased the three-year cumulative PBIT rate component of the long term performance criteria for performance-based stock awards from 17% to 19%. The performance-based variable cash compensation and equity awards are described in detail in the “Compensation Discussion and
Analysis” section of this proxy statement. The Company will report the results of the “Say-on-Pay” vote in a Form 8-K following the 2019 Annual Meeting of Shareholders. The Company also will disclose in subsequent proxy statements how the
Company’s compensation policies and decisions take into account the results of the shareholder advisory vote on executive compensation. The Board
recommends a vote FOR the advisory resolution approving the compensation of the Company’s named executive officers as described in this proxy statement. 7 Table of Contents PROPOSAL NO. 3 RATIFICATION OF SELECTION OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM The Audit Committee has selected (and the Board of Directors has approved) PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP to serve as Teradyne’s independent
registered public accounting firm for the fiscal year ending December 31, 2019. PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, or its predecessor Coopers & Lybrand L.L.P., has served as Teradyne’s independent registered public accounting firm since
1968. The appointment of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP is in the best interest of Teradyne’s shareholders. Teradyne expects that a representative from PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP will be at the annual meeting, will have the opportunity to make a
statement if so desired and will be available to respond to appropriate questions. The ratification of this selection is not required by the laws of The Commonwealth of Massachusetts, where Teradyne is incorporated, but the results of this vote will
be considered by the Audit Committee in selecting an independent registered public accounting firm for future fiscal years. The Board recommends a
vote FOR ratification of the selection of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP. 8 Table of Contents CORPORATE GOVERNANCE AND BOARD OF DIRECTORS Corporate Governance and Board Policies Teradyne is committed to good, transparent corporate governance to ensure that the Company is managed for the long-term benefit of its
shareholders. The Board of Directors has adopted Corporate Governance Guidelines (“Guidelines”) to provide a framework for the effective governance of Teradyne. The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee periodically reviews the
Guidelines and recommends changes, as appropriate, to the Board of Directors for approval. The Board of Directors has also adopted written charters for its standing committees (Audit, Compensation, and Nominating and Corporate Governance), and the
Company has a Code of Conduct applicable to all directors, officers and employees. Copies of the Guidelines, committee charters, and Code of Conduct are available on the Company’s web site at www.teradyne.com under the “Corporate
Governance” section of the “Investors” link. Teradyne posts additional information on its web site from time to time as the Board makes changes to Teradyne’s corporate governance policies. Teradyne has instituted a variety of policies and practices to foster and maintain good corporate governance. The Board reviews these
practices on a regular basis. Teradyne’s current policies and practices include the following: • | Independent directors constitute majority of Board and all members of the Board Committees; • | Independent Board Chair; • | All directors elected annually for one-year term with majority voting for uncontested Board elections; • | Adoption of “Poison Pill” requires shareholder approval; • | Recoupment of incentive compensation from executives for fraud resulting in financial restatement; • | Director and executive officer stock ownership guidelines; • | Annual Board and Committee self-assessments; • | Executive sessions of independent directors at Board meetings; • | Board access to management and independent advisors; • | Independent registered public accounting firm and internal auditor meet regularly with Audit Committee without management present; • | Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee review of Board composition, skills, diversity and succession plan; • | Review by Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee of director’s change in position; • | Annual Board review of executive succession plan; • | Policy prohibiting employees, executives and directors from hedging Teradyne stock (through short selling or the use of financial instruments such as exchange funds, equity swaps, puts, calls, collars or other derivative instruments) and pledging Teradyne stock as collateral for loans (including through the use of margin accounts); • | No director may serve on more than four other public company boards; • | Directors must be 74 years or younger as of the date of their election or appointment; • | Annual review of non-employee director compensation and cap on value of annual equity awards; • | Annual Board evaluation of CEO performance; and • | Policy promoting equal opportunity for all employees, including gender pay equity. 9 Table of Contents Board Nomination Policies and Procedures The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee is responsible for identifying, evaluating and recommending candidates for election to the
Board and does not distinguish between nominees recommended by shareholders and other nominees. All nominees must meet, at a minimum, the Board membership criteria described below. Director nominees are evaluated on the basis of a range of criteria, including (but not limited to): integrity, honesty and adherence to high
ethical standards; business acumen, experience and ability to exercise sound judgments and contribute positively to a decision-making process; commitment to understanding Teradyne and its industry, and to regularly attend and participate in Board
and Committee meetings; ability to ensure that outside commitments do not materially interfere with duties as a Board member; absence of a conflict of interest or appearance of a conflict of interest; and other appropriate considerations. Nominees
shall be 74 years or younger as of the date of election or appointment. No director may serve on more than four other public company boards. The Board seeks nominees with a broad diversity of viewpoints, professional experience, education, geographic representation, backgrounds and
skills. The backgrounds and qualifications of directors, considered as a group, should provide a significant composite mix of backgrounds, expertise and experience that will allow the Board to fulfill its responsibilities. The Board values ethnic,
cultural, gender, economic, professional and educational diversity in evaluating new candidates and seeks to incorporate a wide range of those attributes in Teradyne’s Board of Directors. Board composition is reviewed regularly to ensure that
Teradyne’s directors reflect the knowledge, experience, skills and diversity required for the needs of the Board. Shareholders
wishing to suggest candidates to the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee for consideration as potential director nominees may do so by submitting the candidate’s name, experience, and other relevant information to the Nominating and
Corporate Governance Committee, 600 Riverpark Drive, North Reading, MA 01864. Shareholders wishing to nominate directors may do so by submitting a written notice to the Secretary at the same address in accordance with the nomination procedures
set forth in Teradyne’s bylaws. Additional information regarding the nomination procedure is provided in the section below captioned “Shareholder Proposals for 2020 Annual Meeting of Shareholders”. Director Independence Teradyne’s
Corporate Governance Guidelines require that at least a majority of the Board shall be independent. To be considered independent, a director must satisfy the definitions pursuant to the SEC rules and the listing standards of The Nasdaq Stock Market
LLC (“Nasdaq”), and, in the Board’s judgment, not have a material relationship with Teradyne. The standards for determining director independence are set forth in Teradyne’s Corporate Governance Guidelines which are available on
Teradyne’s web site at www.teradyne.com under the “Corporate Governance” section of the “Investors” link. The Board has determined that the following directors are independent using the criteria identified above: Michael A. Bradley, Edwin J.
Gillis, Timothy E. Guertin, Mercedes Johnson, Marilyn Matz, Paul J. Tufano and Roy A. Vallee. In determining the independence of Teradyne’s directors, the Board reviewed and determined that the following did not preclude a determination of
independence under Teradyne’s standards: Ms. Johnson’s position as a director of Juniper Networks, Inc. and, until her retirement in January 2019, Micron Technology, Inc., each a Teradyne customer; until his retirement in March 2019,
Mr. Tufano’s position as President, Chief Executive Officer and director of Benchmark Electronics, Inc., one of Teradyne’s customers (Mr. Tufano is currently an advisor to Benchmark Electronics); Mr. Bradley’s position
as a director of Avnet, Inc., one of Teradyne’s suppliers; and each of Ms. Johnson’s and Mr. Vallee’s position as a director of Synopsys, Inc., one of Teradyne’s suppliers. Teradyne’s business with Micron
Technology, Avnet, Juniper Networks, Benchmark Electronics and Synopsys during 2018 was immaterial to Teradyne and to the other companies. Teradyne will 10 Table of Contents continue to monitor its business relationships to ensure they have no impact on the independence of its directors. The Board has determined that Michael A. Bradley met the standards for
independence on February 1, 2018 because, as of that date, he had not received compensation from Teradyne related to his employment as the Company’s Chief Executive Officer during a twelve-month period within the last three years. The
Board has determined that Mark E. Jagiela is not independent because he is Teradyne’s Chief Executive Officer. All members of the
Company’s three standing committees – the Audit, Compensation and Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee – are required to be independent and have been determined by the Board to be independent pursuant to the SEC rules and the
listing standards of Nasdaq, as well as Teradyne’s standards. The independent directors of the Board and its standing committees
periodically meet without management present. Board Leadership Structure and Self-Assessment Since May 2014, Mr. Vallee has served as an independent Chair of the Board. The Board believes that having an independent Chair is the
preferred corporate governance structure for the Company because it strikes an effective balance between management and independent leadership participation in the Board process. The Board and each of its committees annually undertake a self-assessment, including an evaluation of its composition, mandate and function. Code of Ethics The Code of Conduct
is Teradyne’s ethics policy. The Board has established a means for anyone to report violations of the ethics policy on a confidential or anonymous basis. Teradyne’s Code of Conduct is available on Teradyne’s web site at www.teradyne.com under the “Corporate Governance” section of the “Investors” link. Teradyne maintains an
insider trading policy as part of its Code of Conduct. Among other things, the insider trading policy prohibits trading on material non-public information and provides that directors, executive officers and
certain other employees are prohibited from buying or selling Teradyne securities during the Company’s non-trading periods, also called “blackout periods”, except pursuant to an approved trading
plan. Teradyne shall disclose any change to or waiver from the Code of Conduct granted to an executive officer or director within four
business days of such determination by disclosing the required information on its web site at www.teradyne.com under the “Corporate Governance” section of the “Investors” link. Corporate Responsibility and Sustainability Teradyne’s Board of Directors is committed to promoting, creating and maintaining a safe and healthy workplace, environment and society.
Teradyne is committed to employee health, safety and welfare, on managing its activities that impact the environment in a responsible and effective manner, and on supporting the communities where its employees live and work. Teradyne strives to be a
leader in driving improvements in environmental sustainability, supply chain responsibility, diversity and inclusion, and positive social impact. Detailed information regarding Teradyne’s corporate responsibility and sustainability activities
is available on its website at www.teradyne.com under the “Corporate Social Responsibility” link. Board Oversight of Risk Management is responsible for the day-to-day management of
risks to the Company, while the Board of Directors, as a whole and through its committees, has responsibility for the oversight of risk management. Management attends regular Board and committee meetings and discusses with the Board and committees 11 Table of Contents various risks confronting the Company, including operational, legal, market and competitive risks. Management and the Board have not identified any risks arising from Teradyne’s compensation
plans, policies and practices for the executives or employees that are reasonably likely to have a material adverse effect on the Company. Related
Party Transactions Under Teradyne’s written “Conflict of Interest Policy,” which is part of Teradyne’s Code of
Conduct, the General Counsel notifies the Audit Committee of any investment or other arrangement to be entered into by Teradyne that could or would be perceived to represent a conflict of interest with any of the executive officers or directors.
Every year Teradyne makes an affirmative inquiry of each of the executive officers and directors as to their existing relationships. Teradyne reports any potential conflicts identified through these inquiries to the Audit Committee. Shareholder Communications with Board of Directors Shareholders and other interested parties may communicate with one or more members of the Board, including the Chair, or the non-management directors as a group by writing to the Non-Management Directors, Board of Directors, 600 Riverpark Drive, North Reading, MA 01864 or by electronic mail at
nonmanagementdirectors@teradyne.com. Any communications that relate to ordinary business matters that are not within the scope of the Board’s responsibilities, such as customer complaints, will be sent to the appropriate executive.
Solicitations, junk mail, computer viruses, and obviously frivolous or inappropriate communications will not be forwarded, but will be made available to any director who wishes to review them. Under Teradyne’s Corporate Governance Guidelines, each director is expected to attend each annual meeting of shareholders. All directors
attended the 2018 Annual Meeting of Shareholders held on May 8, 2018. Board Meetings The Board met six times during the year ended December 31, 2018. The non-employee directors, all
of whom are independent, held executive sessions in which they met without management after its regularly scheduled meetings during 2018. The Chair of the Board presides over all Board meetings and each executive session. During 2018, each director
attended at least 75% of the total number of meetings of the Board and committee meetings held while such person served as a director. Teradyne’s Corporate Governance Guidelines, which are available at www.teradyne.com under the
“Corporate Governance” section of the “Investors” link, provide a framework for the conduct of the Board’s business. Board Committees The Board has three standing committees: an Audit Committee, a Compensation Committee and a Nominating and
Corporate Governance Committee. In accordance with the listing standards of Nasdaq, all of the committees are comprised of independent directors. The members of each committee are appointed by the Board based on the recommendation of the Nominating
and Corporate Governance Committee. Each committee performs a self-evaluation and reviews its charter annually. Actions taken by any committee are reported to the Board, usually at the next Board meeting following the action. The table below shows
the current membership of each of the standing committees: Audit Committee | Compensation Committee | Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee
Edwin J. Gillis* | Timothy E. Guertin* | Timothy E. Guertin
Mercedes Johnson | Marilyn Matz | Marilyn Matz*
Paul J. Tufano | Roy A. Vallee | Roy A. Vallee * | Committee Chair 12 Table of Contents The Board will appoint committee members for the 2019-2020 term following the election of
directors at the 2019 Annual Meeting of Shareholders. Audit Committee The Audit Committee has three members, all of whom have been determined by the Board to be independent pursuant to SEC rules and the listing
standards of Nasdaq, as well as Teradyne’s independence standards. In addition, the Board determined that each member of the Audit Committee is financially literate and an “audit committee financial expert” as defined in the rules and
regulations promulgated by the SEC. The Audit Committee’s oversight responsibilities, described in greater detail in its charter, include, among other things: • | overseeing matters relating to the financial disclosure and reporting process, including the system of internal controls; • | reviewing the internal audit function and annual internal audit plan; • | supervising compliance with legal and regulatory requirements; • | reviewing and approving the appointment, compensation, activities, and independence of the independent registered public accounting firm including the selection of the lead audit partner who is rotated every 5 years; and • | conducting a financial risk assessment. The Audit Committee met eleven times during 2018. The responsibilities of the Audit Committee and its activities during 2018 are more fully
described in the Audit Committee Report contained in this proxy statement. Compensation Committee The Compensation Committee has three members, all of whom have been determined by the Board to be independent pursuant to SEC rules and the
listing standards of Nasdaq, as well as Teradyne’s independence standards. The Compensation Committee’s primary responsibilities, discussed in greater detail in its charter, include, among other things: • | oversight of and assessment of the risks associated with Teradyne’s compensation programs, policies and practices; • | recommending changes and/or recommending the adoption of new compensation plans to the Board, as appropriate; • | reviewing and recommending to the Board each year the compensation for non-employee directors; • | evaluating and recommending to the independent directors of the Board the annual cash and equity compensation and benefits to be provided for the Chief Executive Officer; and • | reviewing and approving of the cash and equity compensation and benefit packages of the other executive officers. The Compensation Committee has the authority to and does engage the services of independent advisors, experts and
others to assist it from time to time. Teradyne’s compensation and benefits group in the Human Resources Department supports the Compensation Committee in its work and assists in administering the compensation plans and programs. The Compensation Committee met six times during 2018. The Compensation Committee has retained Compensia, Inc. (“Compensia”), an executive compensation consulting firm, to assist it in
carrying out its duties and responsibilities regarding executive and non-employee 13 Table of Contents director compensation. In 2018, this engagement involved preparing (1) an executive officer compensation competitive analysis; (2) a director compensation competitive analysis;
(3) a peer group analysis; and (4) a tally sheet analysis for executive officers. To maintain the independence of its advice, Compensia has provided no services to Teradyne other than the services provided to the Compensation Committee. In
addition, the Compensation Committee conducts annually a conflict of interest assessment for Compensia and any other independent advisors engaged during the year using the factors applicable to compensation consultations under SEC rules and the
listing standards of Nasdaq, and, for 2018, no conflict of interest was identified. The Compensation Committee also uses proprietary
compensation surveys prepared by Radford, a global compensation consultant focused on technology companies. Compensation Committee
Interlocks and Insider Participation The Compensation Committee is comprised entirely of independent directors in accordance with SEC
rules and the listing standards of Nasdaq, as well as Teradyne’s independence standards. None of Teradyne’s executive officers serves on the Compensation Committee of any of the companies in which the directors are officers. Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee has three members, all of whom, including the Committee Chair, have been determined by the
Board to be independent pursuant to SEC rules and the listing standards of Nasdaq, as well as Teradyne’s independence standards. The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee’s primary responsibilities, discussed in greater detail in
its charter, include, among other things, to: • | identify individuals qualified to become Board members; • | recommend to the Board the nominees for election or re-election as directors at the annual meeting of shareholders; • | develop and recommend to the Board a set of corporate governance principles; • | oversee and advise the Board with respect to corporate governance matters; and • | oversee the evaluation of the Board. The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee identifies director candidates through numerous sources, including recommendations from
existing Board members, executive officers, and shareholders and through engagements with executive search firms. The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee regularly reviews Board composition, skills, diversity and succession plan. Non-employee directors must notify the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee if the director
experiences a change of position from that held upon first becoming a member of the Board. Upon any such notification, the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee will review the appropriateness of the director’s continued membership
under the circumstances. Teradyne’s Corporate Governance Guidelines also provide that the continuation of a former Chief Executive Officer of the Company on the Board is a matter to be decided by the Board, upon recommendation of the Nominating
and Corporate Governance Committee. The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee met four times during 2018. Director Compensation Teradyne uses a combination of cash and stock-based incentive compensation to attract and retain qualified candidates to serve on the Board.
Every year, Compensia, the Compensation Committee’s independent compensation consulting firm, conducts an analysis of director compensation, including a review of benchmark 14 Table of Contents data, and reports to the Committee any recommendations regarding director compensation. The Compensation Committee considers Compensia’s annual recommendations as part of its annual review
of director compensation. Non-employee directors’ compensation is determined by the Board at the recommendation of the Compensation Committee. Directors who are employees of Teradyne receive no
compensation for their service as a director. Cash Compensation In 2018, the non-employee directors were compensated at the rate of $70,000 per year. Additional fees
paid to certain non-employee directors in 2018 were as follows: • | The Board Chair received an additional $55,000 per year; • | The Chair of the Audit Committee received an additional $25,000 per year; • | The Chair of the Compensation Committee received an additional $20,000 per year; and • | The Chair of the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee received an additional $15,000 per year. Stock-Based Compensation Each non-employee director receives an annual equity award having a fair market value equal to $175,000
on the earlier of (i) the date of the Annual Meeting of Shareholders or (ii) the last Thursday in May. This annual equity award, which is delivered in the form of restricted stock units, vests in full on the earlier of (i) the first
anniversary of the date of grant or (ii) the date of the following year’s Annual Meeting of Shareholders. Each new non-employee director is granted an equity award on the date first elected or appointed to the Board having a fair market value equal to $175,000 pro-rated daily to reflect
the period between the director’s date of election or appointment and the date of the next annual board grant. This equity award, which is also delivered in the form of restricted stock units, vests in full on the date of the next annual equity
award grant. The equity award is granted under the shareholder-approved 2006 Equity and Cash Compensation Incentive Plan which limits annual equity awards for non-employee directors to an amount not to exceed
$200,000. Director Deferral Program The non-employee directors may elect to defer receipt of their cash and/or equity awards and have the
compensation invested into (1) an interest bearing account (based on ten-year Treasury note interest rates) or (2) a deferred stock unit (“DSU”) account. If a non-employee director elects to participate in this deferral program, he or she will receive either the cash value of the interest bearing account or the shares of the Company’s common stock underlying
the DSU’s within 90 days following the end of his or her board service. Director Stock Ownership Guidelines The Company maintains stock retention and stock ownership guidelines to align the interests of the non-employee directors with those of the Company’s shareholders and ensure that the directors have an ongoing financial stake in the Company’s success. Pursuant to the guidelines, the non-employee directors are expected to attain (within five years from the date of initial election to the Board) and maintain an investment level in shares of the Company’s common stock equal to four times
their annual cash retainer. All of the non-employee directors other than Ms. Matz, who joined the Board in 2017, met the ownership guidelines as of year-end. 15 Table of Contents Director Compensation Table for 2018 The table below summarizes the compensation Teradyne paid to the non-employee directors for the fiscal
year ended December 31, 2018. Name | Fees Earned or Paid in Cash (1) | Stock Awards (2)(3) | All Other Compensation | Total
Michael A. Bradley | $ | 70,000 | $ | 175,000 | $ | 0 | $ | 245,000
Daniel W. Christman (4) | $ | 29,890 | $ | — | $ | 0 | $ | 29,890
Edwin J. Gillis | $ | 95,000 | $ | 175,000 | $ | 0 | $ | 270,000
Timothy E. Guertin | $ | 90,000 | $ | 175,000 | $ | 0 | $ | 265,000
Mercedes Johnson | $ | 70,000 | $ | 175,000 | $ | 0 | $ | 245,000
Marilyn Matz | $ | 79,766 | $ | 175,000 | $ | 0 | $ | 254,766
Paul J. Tufano | $ | 70,000 | $ | 175,000 | $ | 0 | $ | 245,000
Roy A. Vallee | $ | 125,000 | $ | 175,000 | $ | 0 | $ | 300,000 (1) | The non-employee directors were compensated at the rate of $70,000 per year. Mr. Christman received an additional $5,234 as Chair of the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee, which is equal to $15,000 pro-rated daily to reflect the period between January 1, 2018 and Mr. Christman’s retirement from the Board on May 8, 2018. Ms. Matz received an additional $9,766 as Chair of the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee, which is equal to $15,000 pro-rated daily to reflect the period between Ms. Matz appointment as Chair on May 8, 2018 to December 31, 2018. Mr. Gillis received an additional $25,000 as Chair of the Audit Committee. Mr. Guertin received an additional $20,000 as Chair of the Compensation Committee. Mr. Vallee received an additional $55,000 as Chair of the Board. (2) | The amounts reported in the “Stock Awards” column represent the grant date fair value of the annual 2018 RSU awards calculated in accordance with FASB ASC Topic 718. For a discussion of the assumptions underlying this valuation, please see Note O to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for fiscal year 2018. (3) | As of December 31, 2018, each then serving non-employee director held 4,849 restricted stock units with an expected vesting date of May 7, 2019. Mr. Christman retired from the Board as of May 8, 2018. (4) | Mr. Christman retired from the Board as of May 8, 2018. Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act requires Teradyne’s directors, executive officers and any person who owns more than 10% of
Teradyne’s common stock to file reports of initial common stock ownership and changes in common stock ownership with the SEC and Nasdaq. Based solely on a review of these forms and written representations received from the directors and
executive officers, Teradyne believes that all Section 16 filing requirements were met during the year January 1, 2018 through December 31, 2018. 16 Table of Contents AUDIT AND FINANCIAL ACCOUNTING OVERSIGHT Audit Committee Report In 2019, the Audit Committee reviewed Teradyne’s audited financial statements for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2018 and met
with both management and PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP (“PwC”), Teradyne’s independent registered public accounting firm, to discuss those financial statements. The Audit Committee also reviewed the report of management contained in Teradyne’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2018 filed with the SEC, as well as PwC’s report included in Teradyne’s Annual Report on Form 10-K related to
its audit of (i) the consolidated financial statements and financial statement schedule and (ii) the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting. The Audit Committee has discussed with PwC the matters required to be discussed under the rules adopted by the Public Company Accounting
Oversight Board (“PCAOB”). The Audit Committee has received the written disclosures and the letter from PwC required by the PCAOB regarding PwC’s communications with the Audit Committee concerning independence, and has discussed with
PwC their independence. Based on these reviews and discussions with management and PwC, the Audit Committee recommended to the Board (and
the Board has approved) that Teradyne’s audited financial statements be included in its Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2018. AUDIT COMMITTEE Edwin J. Gillis (Chair) Mercedes Johnson Paul J. Tufano The information contained in the report above shall not be deemed to be “soliciting material” or to be “filed” with the
SEC, nor shall such information be incorporated by reference into any future filing under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”) or the Exchange Act, except to the extent that Teradyne specifically incorporates it by
reference in any such filing. Principal Accountant Fees and Services Fees for Services Provided by PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP The following table sets forth the aggregate fees for services provided by PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, Teradyne’s independent registered
public accounting firm, for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2018 and December 31, 2017. 2018 | 2017
Audit Fees | $ | 3,279,429 | $ | 2,864,481
Audit-Related Fees | 406,772 | 153,412
Tax Fees | 675,793 | 245,908
All Other Fees | 4,402 | 2,700
Total: | $ | 4,366,396 | $ | 3,266,501 Audit Fees Audit Fees are fees related to professional services rendered for the audit of Teradyne’s annual financial statements and internal control
over financial reporting for fiscal years 2018 and 2017. These fees include the review of Teradyne’s interim financial statements included in its quarterly reports on Form 10-Q and services that are
normally provided by PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP in connection with other statutory and regulatory filings or engagements. 17 Table of Contents Audit-Related Fees Audit-Related Fees in 2018 were for professional services associated with acquisition due diligence and the new lease accounting standard. In
2017, fees were for professional services associated with the new revenue recognition accounting standard. Tax Fees Tax Fees in 2018 and 2017 were for professional services related to global tax planning and compliance matters. All Other Fees All Other Fees are fees
for services other than audit fees, audit-related fees and tax fees. In 2018 and 2017, the fees were related to accounting seminars and financial statement disclosure and technical accounting software licenses. Audit Committee Pre-Approval of Audit and Permissible Non-Audit Services of
Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm During 2018 and 2017, the Audit Committee pre-approved all audit and other services performed by PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP. The Audit
Committee’s policy is to pre-approve all audit and permissible non-audit services provided by the independent registered public accounting firm in order to ensure
that the provision of such services does not impair the independent registered public accounting firm’s independence. These services may include audit services, audit-related services, tax services and other services. In addition to generally pre-approving, on a case-by-case basis, services provided by the independent registered public accounting firm, the Audit Committee
adopted a policy for the pre-approval of certain specified services that may be provided by the independent registered public accounting firm. Under this policy, the Audit Committee has pre-approved the independent registered public accounting firm’s engagement for the provision of certain services set forth in a detailed list subject to a dollar limit of either $50,000 or $100,000, depending
on the service. The services set forth on the list have been identified in a sufficient level of detail so that management will not be called upon to make a judgment as to whether a proposed service fits within the pre-approved service list. Pursuant to the policy, management informs the Audit Committee, at least annually or more frequently upon its request, if the Company uses any pre-approved service and the fees incurred in connection with that service. 18 Table of Contents OWNERSHIP OF SECURITIES The following table sets forth as of March 14, 2019 information relating to the beneficial ownership of Teradyne’s common stock by
each director and executive officer, individually and as a group. Name | Amount and Nature of Ownership (1)(2) | Percent of Class
Gregory R. Beecher | 89,792 | *
Michael A. Bradley (3) | 105,906 | *
Edwin J. Gillis | 75,797 | *
Charles J. Gray | 36,955 | *
Timothy E. Guertin | 61,239 | *
Mark E. Jagiela | 344,199 | *
Mercedes Johnson | 24,553 | *
Marilyn Matz | 9,842 | *
Bradford B. Robbins | 70,567 | *
Gregory S. Smith | 26,055 | *
Paul J. Tufano | 114,775 | *
Walter G. Vahey | 94,412 | *
Roy A. Vallee (4) | 148,703 | *
All executive officers and directors as a group (13 people consisting of 6 executive officers and 7 non-employee directors) (5) | 1,202,795 | 0.69 | % * | less than 1% (1) | Unless otherwise indicated, the named person possesses sole voting and dispositive power with respect to the shares. The address for each named person is: c/o Teradyne, Inc., 600 Riverpark Drive, North Reading, Massachusetts 01864. (2) | Includes shares of common stock which have not been issued but which either (i) are subject to options which either are presently exercisable or will become exercisable within 60 days of March 14, 2019, (ii) are subject to restricted stock units which vest within 60 days of March 14, 2019, or (iii) with respect to certain non-employee directors, are issuable pursuant to the Teradyne Deferral Plan for Non-Employee Directors (the “Deferral Plan”) within 90 days of the date the non-employee director ceases to serve as such, as follows: Mr. Beecher, 22,845 shares; Mr. Bradley, 4,849 shares; Mr. Gillis, 21,228 shares (including 16,379 shares issuable pursuant to the Deferral Plan); Mr. Gray, 1,540 shares; Mr. Guertin, 45,987 shares (including 41,138 shares issuable pursuant to the Deferral Plan); Mr. Jagiela, 8,644 shares; Ms. Johnson, 4,849 shares; Ms. Matz, 4,849 shares; Mr. Robbins, 22,362 shares; Mr. Smith, 6,255 shares; Mr. Tufano, 30,485 (including 25,636 shares issuable pursuant to the Deferral Plan); Mr. Vahey, 16,906 shares; Mr. Vallee, 47,487 shares (including 42,638 shares issuable pursuant to the Deferral Plan); all directors and executive officers as a group, 238,286 shares (including 125,791 shares issuable pursuant to the Deferral Plan). (3) | Includes 101,057 shares of common stock over which Mr. Bradley shares voting and dispositive power with his wife. (4) | Includes 101,216 shares of common stock held in a family trust for the benefit of Mr. Vallee and his wife. (5) | The group is comprised of Teradyne’s executive officers and directors on March 14, 2019. Includes (i) an aggregate of 78,552 shares of common stock which the directors and executive officers as a group have the right to acquire by exercise of stock options within 60 days of March 14, 2019 granted under the stock plans, (ii) an aggregate of 33,943 shares of common stock which the directors and executive officers as a group will acquire by the vesting of restricted stock units within 60 days of March 14, 2019, and (iii) an aggregate of 125,791 shares of common stock issuable to non-employee directors pursuant to the Deferral Plan. 19 Table of Contents The following table sets forth certain persons who, based upon Schedule 13G filings made
since December 31, 2018, own beneficially more than five percent of Teradyne’s common stock. Name and Address of Beneficial Owner | Amount and Nature of Beneficial Ownership | Percent of Class (6)
BlackRock, Inc. (1) | 17,129,003 | 9.60 | %
55 East 52 nd Street New York, New York 10055
The Vanguard Group, Inc. (2) | 16,983,437 | 9.47 | %
100 Vanguard Blvd. Malvern, Pennsylvania 19355
Vulcan Value Partners, LLC (3) | 12,371,928 | 6.90 | %
Three Protective Center 2801 Highway 280 South, Suite 300 Birmingham, AL 35223
Wellington Management Group LLP (4) | 10,946,049 | 6.11 | %
280 Congress Street Boston, MA 02210
Ameriprise Financial, Inc. (5) | 10,244,623 | 5.72 | %
145 Ameriprise Financial Center Minneapolis, MN 55474 (1) | As set forth in Amendment No. 7 to a Schedule 13G, filed on February 6, 2019, BlackRock, Inc. had, as of December 31, 2018, sole dispositive power with respect to all of the shares and sole voting power with respect to 16,390,308 shares. (2) | As set forth in Amendment No. 9 to a Schedule 13G, filed on February 11, 2019, The Vanguard Group, Inc. (“Vanguard”) had, as of December 31, 2018, sole dispositive power with respect to 16,888,430 shares, shared dispositive power with respect to 95,007 shares, sole voting power with respect to 89,717 shares, and shared voting power with respect to 24,700 shares. Vanguard Fiduciary Trust Company, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Vanguard, is the beneficial owner of 70,307 shares as a result of its serving as an investment manager of collective trust accounts. Vanguard Investments Australia, Ltd., a wholly-owned subsidiary of Vanguard, is the beneficial owner of 44,110 shares as a result of its serving as investment manager of Australian investment offerings. (3) | As set forth in a Schedule 13G, filed on February 15, 2019, Vulcan Value Partners, LLC had, as of December 31, 2018, sole dispositive power with respect to all of the shares and sole voting power with respect to 10,942,790 shares. (4) | As set forth in Amendment No. 2 to a Schedule 13G, filed on February 12, 2019, Wellington Management Group LLP had, as of December 31, 2018, shared dispositive power with respect to all of the shares and shared voting power with respect to 7,746,813 shares. Wellington Management Group LLP is the parent holding company of Wellington Group Holdings LLP and Wellington Investment Advisors Holdings LLP, which each have shared dispositive power with respect to all of the shares and shared voting power with respect to 7,746,813 shares, and Wellington Management Company LLP, which has shared dispositive power with respect to 9,664,606 shares and shared voting power with respect to 7,074,859 shares. (5) | As set forth in Amendment No. 6 to a Schedule 13G, filed on February 14, 2019, Ameriprise Financial, Inc. (“Ameriprise”) had, as of December 31, 2018, shared dispositive power with respect to all of the shares and shared voting with respect to 10,104,338 shares. Ameriprise is the parent holding company of Columbia Management Investment Advisers, LLC, which has shared dispositive power with respect to 9,594,324 shares and shared voting power with respect to 9,459,870 shares. (6) | Ownership percentages were obtained from Schedule 13G filings and reflect the number of shares of common stock held as of December 31, 2018. 20 Table of Contents EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION Compensation Discussion and Analysis This Compensation Discussion and Analysis provides information with respect to the following persons who, pursuant to SEC rules, constitute our
“named executive officers” for 2018: • | Mark E. Jagiela, Chief Executive Officer; • | Gregory R. Beecher, Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, and Treasurer; • | Charles J. Gray, Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary; • | Bradford B. Robbins, President, Wireless Test Division; • | Gregory S. Smith, President, Semiconductor Test Division; and • | Walter G. Vahey, Executive Vice President, Business Development. These executive officers were our named executive officers for 2018. This Compensation Discussion and Analysis describes the material elements of Teradyne’s executive compensation program during the fiscal
year ended December 31, 2018. It also provides an overview of the Company’s executive compensation philosophy, as well as the Company’s principal compensation policies and practices. Finally, it analyzes how and why the Compensation
Committee of the Board of Directors (the “Compensation Committee”) arrived at the specific compensation decisions for the Company’s executive officers, including the named executive officers, in 2018, and discusses the key factors
that the Compensation Committee considered in determining the compensation of these executive officers. 2018 Executive
Compensation Summary Teradyne is a leading global supplier of automation equipment for test and industrial applications. The Company
designs, develops, manufactures and sells automatic test systems used to test semiconductors, wireless products, data storage and complex electronics systems in the consumer electronics, wireless, automotive, industrial, computing, communications
and aerospace and defense industries. Teradyne’s industrial automation products include collaborative robotic arms, autonomous mobile robots and advanced robotic control software used by global manufacturing and light industrial customers to
improve quality, increase manufacturing and material handling efficiency and decrease manufacturing costs. The automatic test equipment and industrial automation markets are highly competitive and are characterized by rapid changes in demand that
necessitate adjusting operations and managing spending prudently across business cycles. In 2018, for the second consecutive year, the
Company earned revenue of $2.1 billion, generated significant free cash flow and increased earnings per share, while producing record gross margins. The Company delivered record memory and analog revenues in its semiconductor test business,
which lessened the impact from lower mobility test sales, while growing sales in its wireless test and system test businesses. Additionally, the Company grew its industrial automation business by 54% year over year, supported by the acquisitions of
Mobile Industrial Robots ApS (“MiR”) and Energid Technologies Corporation (“Energid”) and the hiring of former employees of Rethink Robotics, all in 2018. During 2018, the Company continued to invest for long-term, future growth
while maintaining financial discipline. In 2018, the Company returned $891 million to shareholders through its dividend and share
repurchase programs. In January 2019, the Company announced it planned to repurchase $500 million in shares in 2019 pursuant to a $1.5 billion repurchase program authorized by the Board in January 2018. Additionally, the Company plans to
continue its quarterly dividend of $0.09 per share. The dividend and repurchase programs reflect the Company’s confidence in the business and ability to return capital to its shareholders while retaining sufficient financial flexibility to
pursue growth opportunities through internal investments and acquisitions such as MiR and Energid. 21 Table of Contents The Company’s 2018 performance-based variable cash compensation was tied to its rate of
profitability, a two-year rolling revenue growth rate metric, and the achievement of strategic business objectives, including market share gains, revenue and bookings goals, profit margin targets, strategic
customer wins and new product launches. Teradyne’s performance-based executive compensation program resulted in compensation for the Company’s named executive officers that reflects the Company’s challenging performance goals for 2018
and performance in achieving those goals. Due to the Company’s rate of profitability, revenue growth and achievement of certain strategic goals in 2018, executive officers received variable cash compensation payouts ranging from 149% to 158% of
target. The Board of Directors believes that the executive compensation for 2018 is reasonable and appropriate and is justified by the
performance of the Company and its achievement of its financial and strategic goals. The variance in compensation of the named executive
officers year over year demonstrates the alignment between pay and performance. For example, the variable cash compensation for the named executive officers from 2010 to 2018 has varied from 79% to 200% of target based on the strength of Company
performance and contrasts to compensation received from 2007 to 2009 where executive officers received variable cash compensation well below target in a range from 39% to 74% based on Company performance as compared to target objectives. • | From 2007 to 2009, the executive officers received payouts well below their target variable cash compensation (74%, 45% and 39% of target in 2007, 2008 and 2009, respectively) due to the severe industry downturn. Further, in 2009, the executive officers received base salary cuts as high as 20%, which were only restored late in the year when business improved. • | In 2010 and 2011, due to the Company’s record profitability and achievement of strategic business goals, the executive officers received at or close to the maximum 200% of their target variable cash compensation payout. • | From 2012 to 2014, despite challenging market conditions, the Company maintained its profit rate before interest and taxes (“PBIT”) 1 and continued to make investments in long-term growth. As a result, the variable cash compensation payout for the executive officers decreased to 153% in 2012, 142% in 2013, and 142% in 2014 reflecting strong results, but not as strong as in 2010 or 2011. • | In 2015, the Company increased its PBIT rate to the highest level in three years, generated revenues of over $1.6 billion in a down-cycle year for the semiconductor test market and increased market share in its system-on-a-chip, memory and wireless test businesses, while continuing to make investments in long-term growth. As a result, the variable cash compensation payouts for the executive officers increased with a range between 154% and 195%. • | In 2016, after multiple years of achieving PBIT goals at sustained revenue levels, the Company established even more challenging performance goals and added a two-year rolling revenue growth rate metric as an element of the variable cash compensation plan to reinforce the importance of achieving short- and long-term revenue growth as well as achieving its profitability goals. In 2016, the Company grew revenue by 7% to $1.75 billion while generating significant free cash flow, maintaining its rate of profitability and achieving market share and other strategic goals. Due to the more challenging performance metrics for 2016, the executive officers received lower variable cash compensation payouts than they received for comparable Company performance in prior years with a range between 79% and 116%. • | In 2017, the Company grew revenue by 22% to $2.14 billion while generating significant free cash flow, increasing its rate of profitability and achieving market share and other strategic goals. As a 1 | PBIT is a non-GAAP financial measure equal to GAAP income from operations less the following: restructuring and other, net; amortization of acquired intangible assets; acquisition and divestiture related charges or credits; pension actuarial gains and losses; non-cash convertible debt interest expense; and other non-recurring gains and charges. 22 Table of Contents result, the variable cash compensation payouts for the executive officers increased to a range of 158% to 181% of target. • | In 2018, after successive years of achieving PBIT goals at sustained revenue levels, the Company increased the PBIT rate target for variable cash compensation from 15% to 17% and increased the percentage PBIT required for maximum variable cash compensation payout from 25% to 30%. In 2018, the Company earned revenue of $2.1 billion while generating significant free cash flow, increasing earnings per share, and producing record gross margins. As a result of the more challenging performance metrics, the variable cash compensation payout for Messrs. Jagiela, Beecher and Gray, which is calculated by applying a weighted averaging formula of the performance of all divisions, was 152% in 2018. The variable cash compensation payouts in 2018 for Messrs. Robbins, Smith and Vahey were 158%, 149% and 152%, respectively, as the formula for their payouts is divided equally between (a) the weighted average formula of the performance of all divisions (152%) and (b) the performance of their respective divisions (Wireless Test for Mr. Robbins (164%), Semiconductor Test for Mr. Smith (146%) and System Test for Mr. Vahey (152%)). While this variance in compensation indicates that
the program effectively rewards the executive officers when there is superior performance by the Company and appropriately adjusts compensation downward in the case of less-than-superior performance, the Board continues to review the executive
compensation program and its mix of short- and long-term incentives to ensure it reflects the correct balance between short-term financial performance and long-term shareholder return. The Board also continues to establish challenging performance
metrics reflecting the Company’s business objectives and strategy. In January 2019, the Board increased the PBIT target from 17% to
19% for the performance-based variable cash compensation, increased the target two-year rolling revenue growth rate for variable cash compensation from 3% to 5%, increased the revenue growth rate that results
in the maximum payout for the revenue growth metric for variable cash compensation from 10% to 15%, and increased the three-year cumulative PBIT rate component of the long term performance criteria for performance-based restricted stock units from
17% to 19%. Teradyne has instituted a variety of compensation policies and practices to foster and maintain best practices for executive
compensation. The Compensation Committee reviews these practices on a regular basis. Teradyne’s current policies and practices include the following: • | Significant director and executive officer stock ownership guidelines; • | Appropriate balance between short-term and long-term compensation to discourage short-term risk taking at the expense of long-term results; • | Multiple performance objectives used in the determination of variable cash compensation and performance-based stock awards; • | Engagement of an independent compensation consultant to advise the Compensation Committee on executive compensation matters; • | Executive officers’ change-in-control agreements contain a double trigger for acceleration of equity awards requiring a qualifying termination following a change-in-control; • | Recoupment of incentive compensation from executives for fraud resulting in financial restatement; • | Policy prohibiting executives and directors from pledging Teradyne common stock; and • | Policy prohibiting executives and directors from hedging Teradyne stock (through short selling or the use of financial instruments such as exchange funds, equity swaps, puts, calls, collars or other derivative instruments). 23 Table of Contents Executive Compensation Objectives The objective of the executive compensation program is to provide a competitive level of compensation that: 1) | aligns the interests of the executive officers with the shareholders; 2) | links executive officer compensation closely to corporate performance; 3) | motivates the executive officers to achieve the Company’s short-term and long-term operating and financial goals without encouraging excessive or inappropriate risk; and 4) | assists in attracting and retaining qualified executive officers. In setting compensation levels for the executive officers (or in the case of the Chief Executive Officer, in making recommendations to the
independent members of the Board), the Compensation Committee takes into account such factors as internal equity, competitive market data (drawn from peer company and survey information), benefits, individual and corporate performance and the
general and industry-specific business environment, as well as the roles and responsibilities of each executive officer. Role of the Compensation Committee The Compensation Committee’s role is to fulfill certain responsibilities of the Board
relating to compensation for the executive officers, and to review and oversee the administration of equity-based incentives, profit sharing, deferred compensation, retirement and pension plans, and other compensatory plans. The Compensation
Committee recommends to the independent members of the Board all aspects of the Chief Executive Officer’s compensation and is also responsible for approving all aspects of the other executive officers’ compensation. The Compensation
Committee has the authority to select, retain and terminate compensation consultants, independent counsel and such other advisors as it determines necessary to carry out its responsibilities and approve the fees and other terms of retention of any
such advisors. Role of Executive Officers in Determining Executive Pay The Chief Executive Officer makes individual compensation recommendations for the other executive officers to the Compensation Committee for
its review, consideration and determination. The Compensation Committee’s compensation consultant and members of the human resources department provide competitive market information for comparative purposes. The executive officers do not
determine any element of their own compensation or their total compensation amount. Competitive Positioning To assure its compensation is competitive, Teradyne makes extensive use of comparative data for its worldwide employee programs and its
executive officer compensation. This includes data gathered from surveys, compensation consultants and public filings. For 2019, the
Compensation Committee engaged the independent compensation consulting firm, Compensia, to develop a competitive analysis of Teradyne’s peer companies as well as analyze executive pay packages and advise on the relationship of the
Company’s short-term and long-term performance on the pay packages. Compensia recommended to the Compensation Committee a peer group that reflects organizations of comparable size (revenue and market capitalization) and operations (product type
and geographic scope) to 24 Table of Contents Teradyne and that provides an appropriate sample size for comparisons. Compensia proposed, and the Compensation Committee reviewed and approved, a peer group that included the 18 companies listed
below: Teradyne Peer | Revenue – Latest 4 Quarters (as of 10/3/18) ($MM) | Market Capitalization (30-day average as of 10/3/18) ($MM)
Cadence Design Systems | $ | 2,023 | $ | 13,004
Ciena | $ | 2,939 | $ | 4,348
Coherent | $ | 1,931 | $ | 4,408
Entegris | $ | 1,446 | $ | 4,396
FLIR Systems | $ | 1,852 | $ | 8,558
Itron | $ | 2,231 | $ | 2,561
Keysight Technologies | $ | 3,709 | $ | 12,210
KLA-Tencor | $ | 4,037 | $ | 16,775
Marvell Technology | $ | 2,502 | $ | 12,796
Maxim Integrated | $ | 2,480 | $ | 16,470
MKS Instruments | $ | 2,125 | $ | 4,685
National Instruments | $ | 1,324 | $ | 6,336
PTC | $ | 1,236 | $ | 11,759
Skyworks Solutions | $ | 3,844 | $ | 16,195
Trimble Navigation | $ | 2,906 | $ | 10,684
Viavi Solutions | $ | 880 | $ | 2,585
Xilinx | $ | 2,608 | $ | 19,289
Zebra Technologies | $ | 3,950 | $ | 9,259
Median | $ | 2,355 | $ | 9,971
Teradyne | $ | 1,997 | $ | 7,289 For 2019, Compensia recommended that the Compensation Committee (1) remove from the peer group Microsemi
and Verifone Holdings due to acquisitions, and (2) add to the peer group Cadence Design Systems, PTC and Xilinx. At the time the peer group was approved, Teradyne was modestly below the median of the peer group in terms of both revenue and
market capitalization (34 th and 38 th percentiles, respectively), but above the median in operating profit (61 st percentile). The Company augmented the peer group with data from the Radford Global
Survey. From this survey, the Company used reported data for its peer group companies as well as all technology companies with industry and financial characteristics generally aligned with our peers and with revenues between $1 billion and
$4 billion in annual revenue and between $2.5 billion and $22.6 billion in market capitalization. Executive
Compensation Program The Board has implemented an executive compensation program that fosters a performance-oriented environment by
tying a significant portion of each executive officer’s cash and equity compensation to the achievement of short-term and long-term performance targets that are important to the Company and its shareholders. The approach is designed to focus
the executive officers on creating shareholder value over the long-term and on delivering exceptional performance throughout fluctuations in business cycles. 25 Table of Contents The following charts illustrate performance-based target compensation for the Chief
Executive Officer and the other named executive officers (as a group) as a percentage of total target compensation for 2018. Target Cash Compensation Target cash compensation includes base salary and performance-based variable cash compensation. Base salary is designed to attract and retain
talented executives and to provide a stable source of income. Variable cash compensation links the executive officer’s cash compensation with the Company’s annual and strategic performance objectives and motivates the executive officers to
achieve Teradyne’s financial, operating, and long-term growth goals. Each January, the Compensation Committee sets target cash
compensation for each executive officer, other than the Chief Executive Officer. The independent members of the Board set the target cash compensation for the Chief Executive Officer. The goal is that the target total cash compensation for each
individual should be competitive with cash compensation of individuals holding similar roles and responsibilities as reflected by the peer group and survey data. The Committee and the Board also consider the performance of the Company relative to
its peers, individual performance and the role and responsibilities of the executive officer. For 2019, the Compensation Committee set
performance-based variable cash compensation for executive officers as a percentage of base salary with a range, at target, of 70% to 85% of base salary and the independent members of the Board set the target level for the Chief Executive Officer at
110% of base salary as set forth in the following table. Executive Officer | 2019 Variable Cash Compensation Target Percentage of Base
Mark E. Jagiela | 110 | %
Gregory R. Beecher | 85 | %
Charles J. Gray | 70 | %
Bradford B. Robbins | 75 | %
Gregory S. Smith | 75 | %
Walter G. Vahey | 75 | % Executive variable cash compensation is capped at 200% of target to limit actual executive compensation for periods of
exceptionally strong performance. In January, the Compensation Committee also establishes the specific performance measures and formulas
for the year’s variable cash compensation program. For 2018, the performance-based variable cash compensation 26 Table of Contents goals were determined by operating division and were based on: 1) a baseline formula for non-GAAP profit rate before interest and taxes or PBIT 2 percentage; 2) two-year rolling revenue growth rate; and 3) measurable operating, financial and strategic goals. These components are aggregated in the
variable cash compensation payout calculation and capped at 200% of target. The performance-based variable cash compensation for the named executive officers is determined by a formula comprised of Company-wide PBIT percentage, Company-wide revenue
growth and the performance against key operating, financial and strategic goals by the Company’s business divisions. The revenue growth metric contributes 30% towards the target variable cash compensation payout with the PBIT metric
contributing 40% and the operating, financial and strategic goals contributing 30%. In 2018, the Board increased the PBIT rate target of the performance-based variable cash compensation program from 15% to 17% and increased the percentage PBIT
required for maximum variable cash compensation payout from 25% to 30%. In 2019, the Board increased the PBIT rate target of the performance-based variable cash compensation program from 17% to 19%, increased the target two-year rolling revenue growth rate for variable cash compensation from 3% to 5%, and increased the revenue growth rate that results in the maximum payout for the revenue growth metric for variable cash
compensation from 10% to 15%. The variable cash compensation for Messrs. Jagiela, Beecher and Gray is calculated by applying a weighted average formula of the performance of all divisions. The variable cash compensation formula for Messrs. Robbins
and Smith is divided equally between (a) the weighted average formula of the performance of all divisions and (b) the performance of their respective divisions (Wireless Test for Mr. Robbins and Semiconductor Test for Mr. Smith).
The variable cash compensation formula for Mr. Vahey in 2018 was divided equally between (a) the weighted average formula of the performance of all divisions and (b) the performance of the System Test division. Due to his change in
responsibilities from President, System Test Group to Executive Vice President, Business Development, the variable cash compensation formula for Mr. Vahey in 2019 will be calculated by applying a weighted average formula of the performance of
all divisions. In establishing the performance target levels for the financial performance measures, the Compensation Committee sets the PBIT percentage rate and the revenue growth rate at a level it believes to be appropriate for the businesses in
which the Company operates, and sets other operating and financial goals based on the specific objectives of the Company for the year, as well as certain strategic objectives. These operating, financial and strategic goals may include strategic customer wins, market share gains, gross margin and profitability goals,
new product introductions, engineering project milestones, cost controls and growth targets – the achievement of which positively impact the Company’s long-term performance. Teradyne is not disclosing the specific performance target levels
for these goals because they represent confidential, commercially sensitive information that Teradyne does not disclose to the public and it believes, if disclosed, would cause competitive harm. The target levels for such performance measures such
as product development, market share, new product introductions, and margin goals for new and existing products are inherently competitive and, if disclosed, would provide valuable insight into specific customers, markets, and areas where Teradyne
is focusing. The Compensation Committee sets operating, financial and strategic goals for the variable cash compensation program to align
executive compensation with both the Company’s short-term financial and operating strategy and its long-term profitable growth strategy. In developing the variable cash compensation program, the Compensation Committee takes into account that
these goals are difficult to achieve because they are heavily contingent upon multiple factors, including technological innovations, customer demand and the actions of competitors. The target levels for the measures to improve competitive
positioning are challenging due 2 | PBIT is a non-GAAP financial measure equal to GAAP income from operations less restructuring and other, net; amortization of acquired intangible assets; acquisition and divestiture related charges or credits; pension actuarial gains and losses; non-cash convertible debt interest expense; and other non-recurring gains and charges. This PBIT percentage metric used by the Compensation Committee in the variable cash compensation calculation is the same as the PBIT percentage reported by the Company in the financial statements accompanying its quarterly earnings releases. 27 Table of Contents to the strong competition within the Company’s markets, while technical and engineering innovations make product development goals difficult to achieve in a fixed time
frame. Following the close of each fiscal year, the variable cash pay-out is calculated and presented to the Compensation Committee for review. Based on the performance of the divisions, the Compensation Committee, or the independent members of the Board for the Chief Executive Officer, then determines the variable cash
compensation for the named executive officers. Equity Compensation Equity compensation is designed to align executive compensation with shareholder return, motivate and reward individual and Company
performance, and attract and retain talented individuals. Teradyne’s equity compensation program provides three types of equity incentives: (1) time-based awards which vest in equal amounts annually over four years conditioned upon
continued service, supporting the Company’s employee retention efforts; (2) performance-based awards which reward equally at target the achievement of relative total shareholder return and cumulative PBIT percentage, in each case, measured
at the end of a three-year performance period; (3) stock options granted at market value which vest in equal amounts annually over four years conditioned upon continued service, where executives benefit from stock appreciation. These equity
compensation components are consistent with the Company’s long-term goals to deliver profitability, revenue growth, and superior return to shareholders. Equity awards are made under the shareholder approved 2006 Equity and Cash Compensation Incentive Plan. The awards granted to the executive
officers are based upon each individual’s relative contribution, performance, and responsibility within the organization. The Compensation Committee assesses these factors each year for each executive officer. At the beginning of each year, the Compensation Committee approves an overall equity budget to be used for awards to the executive officers,
employees and directors. Various factors are used in determining the annual equity award budget, including the total projected compensation expense to be incurred as a result of the equity awards, “overhang” from previously issued and
outstanding awards, burn rates and competitive market data from the peer group and compensation surveys. The independent members of the Board determine the award type and level for the Chief Executive Officer and the Compensation Committee
determines the award type and level for all other executive officers. Management approves equity awards for all other employees within the overall equity budget pursuant to a delegation of authority from the Compensation Committee. Since 2006, the equity awards granted to the executive officers have been made in January in order to align the evaluation and award of the
equity compensation to the end of the fiscal year. The fair market value for these awards is determined using the closing price on the date of grant as provided by the terms of Teradyne’s equity plans. No employee equity awards are granted
during blackout periods, except for new hire grants. New hire grants are automatically issued on the first trading day of the month following the employee’s start date, in accordance with guidelines approved by the Compensation Committee. Retirement Benefits Retirement benefits are designed to attract and retain talented employees and reward long-term service to the Company. Retirement benefits
provide a long-term savings opportunity for employees on a tax-efficient basis. In the U.S., the Company offers the Teradyne, Inc. Savings Plan (the “401k Plan”). The 401k Plan is available to all
employees and provides a discretionary employer matching contribution. Executive officers may participate in the 401k Plan on the same terms as those available for other eligible U.S. employees. For 2018, the Company matched $1 for every $1
contributed by the employee to the Company’s 401k Plan and Supplemental Savings Plan (as defined below) up to 4% of the employee’s compensation (subject to Internal Revenue Service limits) for employees not accruing benefits in the
Retirement Plan or SERP (each as defined below), and no match for employees continuing to accrue benefits in the Retirement Plan or SERP. 28 Table of Contents The Company also maintains a non-qualified Teradyne,
Inc. Supplemental Savings Plan (the “Supplemental Savings Plan”) for certain employees whose benefits would otherwise be capped at limits based on restrictions imposed by the Internal Revenue Service. For additional information regarding
the Supplemental Savings Plan, see the “Nonqualified Deferred Compensation Table.” Teradyne also provides a separate retirement
plan, the Retirement Plan for Employees of Teradyne, Inc. (the “Retirement Plan”). In 1999, this plan was discontinued for new employees, but participating employees were given the option to elect to continue in the plan or opt out of the
plan in order to receive a higher employer match in the 401k Plan. Commencing in 2009, employees who continued in the separate Retirement Plan have received no 401k employer match. No named executive officer is currently earning benefits under the
Retirement Plan. The Company also maintains a defined benefit Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan (“SERP”) for certain
senior employees. For additional information, see the “Pension Benefits Table.” Mr. Robbins is the only named executive officer earning benefits under the SERP. The Company also provides certain other benefits to its retirees. Based on age and service, Messrs. Jagiela, Beecher and Robbins qualify for
these broad-based employee benefits. At retirement, they will be eligible to receive a pro-rated amount of variable cash compensation at target through the date of their retirement. In addition, most retirees
can continue in the health, dental and vision programs at a partially subsidized rate. The “Pension Benefits Table” lists the present value of accumulated benefits for Messrs. Jagiela and Robbins as of December 31, 2018. In addition, if a named executive officer dies, suffers permanent disability, retires or is terminated without cause after at least ten years
of service and having reached the age of sixty, then (a) one hundred percent of the shares issued upon settlement of a performance-based RSU grant awarded more than 365 days prior to the retirement date will vest on the date the amount of
shares underlying the performance-based RSU grant are determined at the end of the three-year performance period and (b) a pro-rata portion (based on the number of days the named executive officer was
employed by the Company during the 365 day period) of the shares issued upon settlement of a performance-based RSU grant awarded less than 365 days prior to the retirement date will vest on the date the amount of shares underlying the
performance-based RSU grant are determined at the end of the three-year performance period. The Compensation Committee considers the
expense of the executive officers’ retirement benefits in determining their overall compensation. On January 24, 2019, Teradyne
announced that Mr. Beecher planned to retire as Chief Financial Officer. No retirement date has been set and no retirement benefits have been determined as of the date of this proxy statement. Chief Executive Officer Separation Agreement Upon his appointment as Chief Executive Officer, Mr. Jagiela entered into an Agreement Regarding Termination Benefits (“Separation
Agreement”). The term of this Separation Agreement, entered into on January 22, 2014, is three years, and extends for additional one-year periods unless Teradyne gives notice of non-renewal to Mr. Jagiela. The Separation Agreement contains a three-year, post-employment customer and employee non-hire and non-solicitation restriction and a three-year, post-employment non-competition restriction. In consideration of these restrictions, Mr. Jagiela is eligible to
receive severance payments for two years at his annual target compensation rate and continued vesting of non-performance based equity awards for two years and of performance-based equity awards for three years
following his termination by Teradyne for any reason other than death, disability or cause, each as defined in the Separation Agreement, or in a circumstance in which Mr. Jagiela would be eligible to payments pursuant to his Change in Control
Agreement. During the two-year post-employment period, Mr. Jagiela is also eligible for ongoing health, dental and vision insurance 29 Table of Contents plan coverage, provided on the same terms as those in effect at the date of his termination. If Teradyne terminates Mr. Jagiela’s employment due to his disability and Mr. Jagiela
is not eligible to receive payments pursuant to his Change in Control Agreement, he is eligible for a two-year severance payment to the extent he is not eligible to receive disability insurance, which payment
is reduced by any compensation Mr. Jagiela receives from other employment. Change in Control Agreements The Compensation Committee and the Board have approved a change in control agreement for each executive officer similar to those offered by
most peer companies. The independent members of the Board also have approved an Agreement Regarding Termination Benefits with the Chief Executive Officer. The structure and design of these agreements, including the level of payments and benefits
provided to the executive officers under the agreements, are intended to be similar to those provided by peer companies. The change in control agreements provide a retention tool for the executive officers to remain with the Company both during and following the
change in control transaction and enable the executive officers to focus on the continuing business operations and the success of a potential business combination that the Board has determined to be in the best interests of the shareholders. This
results in stability and continuity of operations during a potentially uncertain time. Other Benefits To attract and retain highly qualified employees, the Company offers benefit programs designed to be competitive in each country in which the
Company operates. All U.S. employees and executive officers participate in similar healthcare, life and disability insurance, and other welfare programs. To offer most employees an opportunity to acquire an equity interest in Teradyne, the Company offers an Employee Stock Purchase Plan. This
plan allows participating employees to purchase shares of common stock through regular payroll deductions of up to 10% of their annual compensation, to a maximum of $25,000 per calendar year, not to exceed 6,000 shares. The purchase price is an
amount equal to 85% of the fair market value of the common stock at market close on the last trading day of the purchase period. Each purchase period is a six-month period beginning in January or July and
ending in June or December, respectively. Over fifty percent of world-wide employees, including certain executive officers, currently participate in the plan. Teradyne’s Cash Profit Sharing Plan distributes 10% of Teradyne’s GAAP pre-tax profit
(excluding its Industrial Automation Division, Wireless Test Division, and the Avionics Interface Technologies business) to all eligible employees, as determined by the Compensation Committee, including eligible executive officers. Plan payments are
distributed as a consistent percentage of target cash compensation for all participants twice per year subject to any restrictions or exceptions approved by the Compensation Committee. Stock Ownership Guidelines The Company maintains stock retention and stock ownership guidelines to align the interests of the executive officers with those of the
shareholders and ensure that the executive officers responsible for overseeing operations have an ongoing financial stake in the Company’s success. Pursuant to these guidelines, the Chief Executive Officer is expected to attain and maintain an investment level in shares of the
Company’s common stock equal to three times his annual base salary and all other executive officers are expected to attain and maintain an investment level equal to two times their annual base salary. In each case, such investment levels are
expected to be attained within five years from the date upon which the individual becomes subject to the guidelines. Until this ownership guideline is met, the executive officers are expected to retain at least 50% of the shares issued pursuant to
an equity award, after taxes. 30 Table of Contents Shares subject to the stock ownership guidelines do not include any pledged Company stock.
The Company maintains a policy prohibiting executives and directors from pledging Teradyne stock. During the year, the executive officers
complied with the stock ownership guidelines, and at year end, all named executive officers other than Mr. Smith (who became subject to the guidelines upon his promotion in February 2016) were at or above the stock ownership guideline levels. Compensation Recoupment Policy A compensation recoupment policy is applicable to all the executive officers. Under this policy, the Company may recover incentive compensation
that was based on achievement of financial results that were subsequently restated if an executive officer was found to be personally responsible for any fraud or intentional misconduct that caused the restatement. This policy covers variable cash
compensation and performance-based equity awards. The Board will review the Company’s compensation recoupment policy following the adoption of regulations by the Securities and Exchange Commission implementing Section 954 of the Dodd-Frank
Act. Impact of Accounting and Tax Treatment on Executive Compensation Prior to tax year 2018, under Section 162(m) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (the “Code”), publicly-traded corporations
could not deduct each year for federal income tax purposes compensation paid to certain executive officers (the Chief Executive Officer and each of the three other most highly-compensated executive officers, other than its chief financial officer)
in excess of $1 million per executive. This deduction limitation did not apply, however, to compensation that constituted “qualified performance-based compensation” within the meaning of Section 162(m) of the Code. In designing
the Company’s executive compensation programs, the Compensation Committee considered the deductibility of executive compensation under Section 162(m) of the Code, but maintained the flexibility to award and pay non-deductible compensation if the Company believed that such compensation was in the interest of the Company. The exemption from Section 162(m)’s deduction limit for “qualified performance-based compensation” has been repealed,
effective for taxable years beginning after December 31, 2017, such that compensation paid to the Company’s covered executive officers in excess of $1 million per person per year will not be deductible unless it qualifies for
transition relief applicable to certain compensation arrangements in place as of November 2, 2017 and not later modified. In addition, for taxable years beginning after December 31, 2017, the term “covered employees” was expanded
to include the Company’s chief financial officer. Further, each individual who is a covered employee of the Company for any tax year beginning after December 31, 2016, will remain a covered employee for all future tax years with the result
that except for certain grandfathered arrangements the compensation paid by Teradyne after a covered employee’s termination of employment (including severance pay, non-qualified deferred compensation and
death benefits) will no longer be tax deductible to the extent it exceeds the annual $1 million dollar per person limit. Despite the
Compensation Committee’s prior efforts to structure the executive team annual variable cash compensation and performance-based RSUs in a manner initially intended to be exempt from Section 162(m) and therefore not subject to its deduction
limits, because of ambiguities and uncertainties as to the application and interpretation of Section 162(m), including the uncertain scope of the transition relief under the legislation repealing Section 162(m)’s exemption from the
deduction limit, no assurance can be given that compensation intended to satisfy the requirements for exemption from Section 162(m) in fact will be exempt. Given the uncertain scope of the transition relief, the full impact of new Section 162(m) on the Company and its executive compensation
practices is not yet known. The Compensation Committee will continue to monitor developments and will retain the flexibility to pay non-deductible compensation if it believes that payment of such compensation
is in the interests of the Company. Despite the changes to Section 162(m) as a result of the recent tax legislation, the Compensation Committee currently expects (consistent with its executive 31 Table of Contents compensation philosophy) to structure the Company’s executive compensation programs such that a significant portion of executive compensation is linked to the performance of Teradyne. The Compensation Committee also takes into consideration the accounting treatment of the different forms of awards it may grant to executive
officers. 2018 Executive Compensation In January 2018, the Compensation Committee reviewed the performance of the named executive officers during 2017 and conducted its annual
assessment of executive compensation. In addition to the executive officer’s performance during 2017, the Compensation Committee considered competitive market data provided by Compensia, its independent executive compensation consultant, in
setting executive compensation for 2018. 2018 Target Cash Compensation To align cash compensation with the industry and the competitive market, the Compensation Committee, and the independent members of the Board
in the case of the Chief Executive Officer, approved increases in the 2018 base salaries and target cash compensation for certain of the named executive officers. The 2017 and 2018 base salaries and target cash compensation for the named executive
officers are set forth below: Base Salary | Target Cash Compensation
2017 | 2018 | 2017 | 2018
Mark E. Jagiela | $ | 860,000 | $ | 904,720 | $ | 1,806,000 | $ | 1,899,912
Gregory R. Beecher | 500,000 | 518,000 | 925,000 | 958,300
Charles J. Gray | 370,000 | 375,000 | 629,000 | 637,500
Bradford B. Robbins | 330,000 | 339,900 | 577,500 | 594,825
Gregory S. Smith | 334,505 | 396,067 | 585,383 | 693,118
Walter G. Vahey | 310,000 | 319,300 | 542,500 | 558,775 The performance-based variable cash compensation in 2018 was determined by operating division and based on the
following: 1) | a target of 17% for company-wide PBIT measured as a percentage of annual revenue; and 2) | a target of 3% company-wide two-year rolling revenue growth rate measured annually; and 3) | performance against key operating, financial and strategic goals by each business division. These components were aggregated in the variable cash compensation payout calculation with the revenue growth metric
contributing 30%, the PBIT metric contributing 40% and the strategic goals contributing 30%, based upon target performance of each metric. Achievement of a PBIT rate above 17% and of a revenue growth rate above 3% were necessary to result in
payments above target for those metrics. Achievement of a 30% PBIT rate and a 10% revenue growth rate would have resulted in maximum payout of 200% of target for those metrics. The operating, financial and strategic goals for 2018 included market
share gains, profit margin and gross margin targets, revenue and bookings targets, market penetration with new products and product development milestones in the Company’s various business units. The maximum variable cash compensation payout
for the named executive officers was 200% of the target amount. The variable cash compensation for Messrs. Jagiela, Beecher and Gray was
calculated by applying a revenue-weighted average formula of the performance of all divisions. The variable cash compensation formula for Messrs. Robbins, Smith and Vahey was split equally between (a) the weighted average formula of the
performance of all divisions and (b) the performance of their respective divisions (Wireless Test for Mr. Robbins, Semiconductor Test for Mr. Smith and System Test for Mr. Vahey). 32 Table of Contents In January 2019, the Compensation Committee reviewed the Company’s performance against
its 2018 performance-based variable cash compensation targets. The divisions’ performances varied from 92% to 168% of target. The variable cash compensation payout for the Semiconductor Test Division, which historically accounts for
approximately 70-80% of Teradyne’s revenue and a commensurate portion of the variable cash compensation calculation for the executive officers, exceeded its PBIT percentage and memory test revenue targets
which positively impacted the calculation. Once the performance of the divisions was determined, the payout for the named executive officers was calculated by applying a weighted averaging formula of the performance of all divisions. The Compensation Committee, and the independent members of the Board in the case of the Chief Executive Officer, approved for 2018 (1) a 152%
payout of target variable cash compensation for Messrs. Jagiela, Beecher and Gray, (2) a 158% payout of target for Mr. Robbins, (3) a 149% payout of target for Mr. Smith, and (4) a 152% payout of target for Mr. Vahey.
Due to the different variable compensation factors for each executive officer, total cash compensation paid was between 21% and 27% above target, depending on the named executive officer. The payout amounts of 2018 performance-based variable cash
compensation for each named executive officer can be found under the column “Non-Equity Incentive Plan Compensation” in the Summary Compensation Table. 2018 Equity Awards In
January 2018, the Compensation Committee, and the independent members of the Board in the case of the Chief Executive Officer, approved the 2018 equity awards for the named executive officers. The Compensation Committee and the independent members
of the Board continued to award RSUs and stock options for the 2018 equity grant with the same mix of time-based RSUs (40%), performance-based RSUs (50%), and non-qualified stock options (10%) as in
2017. For the 2018 performance-based RSUs, the Compensation Committee approved performance metrics for the
performance-based RSUs split equally between (1) a relative total shareholder return (“TSR”) formula measured at the end of a three-year performance period (using a 45-day price averaging method
at both the beginning and the end of the three-year performance period) and (2) a three-year cumulative PBIT rate. The Compensation Committee chose the Company’s relative TSR performance and a cumulative PBIT rate as the equal measures for
performance-based RSUs consistent with the Company’s long-term goal to deliver profitability and superior return to shareholders. The TSR-based metric aligns the interests of executive officers with the
interests of shareholders and provides a significant incentive for the executive officers to focus on increasing long-term shareholder value, while the PBIT-based metric provides an incentive to maintain a high level of profitability over the
long-term. For the 2018 performance-based RSUs, as in 2016 and 2017, Teradyne’s TSR performance is measured against the NYSE
Composite Index (ticker symbol: NYA) which consists of over 2,000 companies listed on the New York Stock Exchange. In 2016, following a review of alternative comparator indices and peer groups, and with input from Compensia, the Compensation
Committee changed the TSR index from the Philadelphia Semiconductor Index (ticker symbol: SOX) used for the 2014 and 2015 performance-based RSU awards to the NYA Index because the Committee determined that a comparison against the NYA Index provides
a better indicator of Teradyne’s performance than the SOX Index. The NYA Index represents a broad, diverse group of high quality investment alternatives, while the SOX Index is a weighted, specialized index dominated by semiconductor device
manufacturers. Teradyne has become an increasingly diverse company expanding beyond its traditional semiconductor test business with the additions of storage and wireless test businesses as well as the 2015 acquisition of Universal Robots which
established Teradyne’s industrial automation business. The Compensation Committee concluded that the more diverse NYA Index is a more appropriate benchmark for Teradyne than the narrower SOX Index. Teradyne’s TSR percentage point gain
minus that of the NYA Index at the end of the three-year period will determine the number of performance-based RSUs earned based on the TSR-based performance metric. With respect to the portion of the
performance-based RSUs subject to vesting 33 Table of Contents based on TSR performance, the TSR measurement allows for payment from 0% to 200% of target shares based on underperforming or exceeding the NYA Index’s three-year return and is capped at
four times the grant date value. For the PBIT performance for the 2018 grant of performance-based RSUs, the Board increased the
three-year cumulative target PBIT rate from 15% to 17% and increased the PBIT rate required to achieve the maximum payout from 25% to 30%. With respect to the portion of the performance-based RSUs subject to vesting based on PBIT, the PBIT
measurement allows for payment from 0% to 200% of target shares based on cumulative three-year PBIT rate. The number of performance-based
RSUs that may be paid out based on relative TSR performance and PBIT rate are each illustrated below: The final number of performance-based RSUs earned will be determined by the Compensation Committee and the
independent members of the Board, as applicable, upon the completion of the three-year performance period. All of the performance-based RSUs earned will vest at the end of the three-year performance period. No performance-based RSUs will vest if the
named executive officer is no longer an employee at the end of the three-year period; provided, however, if the named executive officer’s employment ends prior to the determination of the performance percentage due to (1) permanent
disability or death or (2) retirement or termination other than for cause, after attaining both at least age sixty and at least ten years of service, then (a) one hundred percent of the shares issued upon settlement of a performance-based
RSU grant awarded more than 365 days prior to the last day of employment will vest on the date the amount of shares underlying the performance-based RSU grant are determined at the end of the three-year performance period and (b) a pro-rata portion (based on the number of days the named executive officer was employed by the Company during the 365 day period) of the shares issued upon settlement of a performance-based RSU grant awarded
less than 365 days prior to the last day of employment will vest on the date the amount of shares underlying the performance-based RSU grant are determined at the end of the three-year performance period. To maintain a competitive equity compensation level relative to the competitive market, the 2018 equity award values at target for the named
executive officers were increased from the 2017 equity award values at target. Mr. Jagiela’s 2018 equity award at target increased 5.2%, and the awards at target for Messrs. Beecher, Gray, Robbins, Smith, and Vahey were increased 3.0%,
3.1%, 3.0%, 20.0%, and 3.5% (in each case, for purposes of restricted stock units, value is based on the stock price on the date of grant), respectively. The specific number of RSUs was calculated based upon the closing market price of the Company’s common stock on the grant date and the
specific number of options was calculated based upon the Black-Scholes 34 Table of Contents grant date fair value. The table below sets forth the grant date equity values of the 2018 time-based RSUs, performance-based RSUs and stock options for each named executive officer. Name of Executive Officer | Number of Time-based RSUs (#) | Number of Performance- based RSUs at Target (#) | Number of Stock Options (#) | Value of Time-based RSUs ($) | Value of Performance- based RSUs at Target (1)($) | Value of Stock Options ($) | Total Equity Value ($)
Mark E. Jagiela | 35,288 | 44,110 | 34,577 | $ | 1,683,238 | $ | 2,261,740 | $ | 420,802 | $ | 4,365,780
Gregory R. Beecher | 12,956 | 16,195 | 12,696 | $ | 618,001 | $ | 830,395 | $ | 154,510 | $ | 1,602,906
Charles J. Gray | 6,510 | 8,137 | 6,163 | $ | 310,527 | $ | 417,221 | $ | 75,004 | $ | 802,752
Bradford B. Robbins | 4,319 | 5,399 | 4,232 | $ | 206,016 | $ | 276,830 | $ | 51,503 | $ | 534,349
Gregory S. Smith | 6,765 | 8,456 | 6,629 | $ | 322,691 | $ | 433,581 | $ | 80,675 | $ | 836,947
Walter G. Vahey | 4,427 | 5,534 | 4,338 | $ | 211,168 | $ | 283,756 | $ | 52,793 | $ | 547,717 (1) | The values shown for the performance-based RSUs are based on (i) the stochastic “Monte Carlo” simulation method for 50% of the performance-based RSUs with a three-year TSR performance metric and (ii) the stock price on the date of grant for 50% of the performance-based RSUs with a three-year PBIT rate metric. However, the Compensation Committee decided to continue to use the stock price on the date of grant methodology as its calculation of the value of the awards for purposes of comparison with the equity values for peer companies and with prior year equity values for the named executive officers. The methodology used by the Compensation Committee creates a 13% lower valuation for the performance-based RSUs with a three-year TSR target and a 4% lower valuation for all equity. The grant date for the 2018 equity awards approved by the Compensation Committee was January 26, 2018. The 2018 time-based RSU grants for
all employees, including named executive officers, vest in equal amounts annually over four years, commencing on the first anniversary of the grant. The performance-based RSUs for 2018 vest on the third anniversary of the grant date with
(a) the number of performance-based RSUs that vest based upon the determination of Teradyne’s TSR performance relative to the NYA Index and (b) the number of performance-based RSUs that vest based on three-year cumulative PBIT, in
each case, as described above. The stock option grants vest in equal amounts annually over four years, commencing on the first anniversary of the grant date, and have a term of seven years from the date of grant. The number of performance-based RSUs granted is disclosed in the Grants of Plan Based Awards Table and the value of the performance-based
shares granted for each named executive officer is disclosed in the footnotes to the column “Stock Awards” in the Summary Compensation Table. 2019 Executive Compensation From November 2018 to January 2019, the Compensation Committee conducted its annual assessment of executive compensation. The Compensation
Committee evaluated the performance of the named executive officers during 2018 and concluded that the Company had: • | Generated revenue of $2.1 billion; • | Increased earnings per share and produced record gross margins; • | Achieved market share gains and record revenues in its memory test market; • | Increased revenues in its wireless test and system test businesses; • | Returned $891 million to shareholders through its quarterly dividend and share repurchase programs; and • | Invested for long-term future growth with the acquisitions of Mobile Industrial Robots ApS and Energid Technologies Corporation, which helped grow its industrial automation business by 54% year over year. 35 Table of Contents In addition to evaluating the Company’s performance during 2018, the Compensation Committee directed
its independent executive compensation consultant, Compensia, to assess executive compensation for 2019 using the compensation peer group and the Radford survey data. The Compensation Committee considered total compensation, cash and equity, when
reviewing compensation levels relative to the peer group and survey data. The Compensation Committee also took into account the positive results of the shareholder advisory vote on executive compensation by continuing to focus on performance-based
compensation. 2019 Target Cash Compensation The Compensation Committee, and the independent members of the Board in the case of the Chief Executive Officer, approved increases in the 2019
base salaries and target cash compensation for certain of the named executive officers to align cash compensation with the industry and the competitive market. The 2018 and 2019 base salaries and target cash compensation for the named executive
officers are set forth below: Base Salary | Target Cash Compensation
2018 | 2019 | 2018 | 2019
Mark E. Jagiela | $ | 904,720 | $ | 932,000 | $ | 1,899,912 | $ | 1,957,200
Gregory R. Beecher | 518,000 | 530,000 | 958,300 | 980,500
Charles J. Gray | 375,000 | 380,000 | 637,500 | 646,000
Bradford B. Robbins | 339,900 | 340,000 | 594,825 | 595,000
Gregory S. Smith | 396,067 | 400,000 | 693,118 | 700,000
Walter G. Vahey | 319,300 | 320,000 | 558,775 | 560,000 The independent members of the Board increased Mr. Jagiela’s base salary by 3.0% and retained his performance-based
variable cash compensation target at 110% of his annual base salary. The Compensation Committee increased the base salary of Messrs. Beecher, Gray, Robbins, Smith and Vahey by 2.3%, 1.3%, 0.03%, 1.0%, and 0.2%, respectively. Mr. Beecher
retained his performance-based variable cash compensation target at 85% of his annual base salary, Mr. Gray retained his performance-based variable cash compensation target at 70% of his annual base salary, and Messrs. Robbins, Smith and Vahey
retained their performance-based variable cash compensation target at 75% of their respective annual base salaries. The Board continued
to use the same structure for determining performance-based variable cash compensation as in 2018, but (a) increased the PBIT rate target from 17% to 19% while retaining the PBIT rate required to achieve the maximum payout at 30% and (b) increased
the target two-year rolling revenue growth rate from 3% to 5% and the revenue growth rate required to achieve the maximum payout from 10% to 15%. The variable cash compensation for Messrs. Jagiela, Beecher,
Gray and Vahey is calculated by applying a weighted averaging formula of the performance of all divisions. The variable cash compensation formula for Messrs. Robbins and Smith is split equally between (a) the weighted average formula of the
performance of all divisions and (b) the performance of their respective divisions (Wireless Test for Mr. Robbins and Semiconductor Test for Mr. Smith). The operating, financial and strategic goals for 2019 include market share gains, gross margin targets, profit margin targets, revenue and
bookings targets, market penetration with new products and product development milestones in the Company’s various business units. The Compensation Committee believes these business and financial objectives effectively balance short-term
profitability with long-term investment and growth. The maximum variable cash compensation payout for the name executive officers remains 200% of the target amount. 2019 Equity Award In
January 2019, the Compensation Committee, and the independent members of the Board in the case of the Chief Executive Officer, approved equity awards for the named executive officers. The Compensation 36 Table of Contents Committee and independent members of the Board retained the same mix of time-based RSUs (40%), performance-based RSUs (50%) and non-qualified stock options
(10%) as used in the 2018 equity awards for the 2019 equity awards. As in 2018, the 2019 performance-based RSUs were calculated using an
equal split between (1) a relative TSR formula measured at the end of a three-year performance period (using a 45-day price averaging method at both the beginning and the end of the performance period,
which will be December 31, 2021) and (2) a three-year cumulative PBIT rate. For the 2019 performance-based RSU grant, Teradyne’s TSR performance will continue to be measured against the NYA Index while the Board increased the
three-year cumulative target PBIT rate from 17% to 19%. With respect to the portion of the performance-based RSUs for 2019 subject to vesting based on TSR performance, the Company removed the four times grant date value cap and changed the 45-day price averaging measurement period for the three-year performance period from 45 days prior to the 3 rd anniversary of the grant date to 45 days prior to
December 31 of the year before the third anniversary of the grant date. The final number of PBIT and TSR PRSUs that vest will vary based upon the level of performance achieved from 200% to 0% of the target shares. The final number of performance-based RSUs earned will be determined by the Compensation Committee and the independent members of the Board,
as applicable, upon the completion of the three-year performance period. All of the performance-based RSUs earned will vest on the third anniversary of the grant date. No performance-based RSUs will vest if the named executive officer is no longer
an employee at the end of the three-year period; provided, however, if the named executive officer’s employment ends prior to the determination of the performance percentage due to (1) permanent disability or death or (2) retirement
or termination other than for cause, after attaining both at least age sixty and at least ten years of service, then (a) one hundred percent of the shares issued upon settlement of a performance-based RSU grant awarded more than 365 days prior
to the last day of employment will vest on the date the amount of shares underlying the performance-based RSU grant are determined at the end of the three-year performance period and (b) a pro-rata portion (based on the number of days the named executive officer was employed by the Company during the 365 day period) of the shares issued upon settlement of a performance-based RSU grant awarded less than 365 days prior to the last day
of employment will vest on the date the amount of shares underlying the performance-based RSU grant are determined at the end of the three-year performance period. To maintain a competitive equity compensation level relative to the competitive market, the 2019 equity award values at target for certain of
the named executive officers were increased from the 2018 equity award values at target. Mr. Jagiela’s 2019 equity award increased 18.8%, and the awards for Messrs. Beecher, Gray, Robbins, Smith, and Vahey were increased 4.9%, 6.0%, 6.8%,
5.4% and 7.6% (in each case, for purposes of restricted stock units, value is based on the stock price on the date of grant), respectively. The specific number of RSUs was calculated based upon the closing market price of the Company’s common stock on the grant date and the
specific number of options was calculated based upon the Black-Scholes grant date fair value. The table below sets forth the grant date equity values of the 2019 time-based RSUs, performance-based RSUs and stock options for each named executive
officer. Name of Executive Officer | Number of Time-based RSUs (#) | Number of Performance- based RSUs at Target (#) | Number of Stock Options (#) | Value of Time-based RSUs ($) | Value of Performance- based RSUs at Target (1)($) | Value of Stock Options ($) | Total Equity Value ($)
Mark E. Jagiela | 54,422 | 68,028 | 48,733 | $ | 1,951,029 | $ | 2,861,938 | $ | 500,001 | $ | 5,312,968
Gregory R. Beecher | 17,633 | 22,041 | 15,790 | $ | 632,143 | $ | 927,258 | $ | 162,005 | $ | 1,721,406
Charles J. Gray | 8,926 | 11,157 | 7,993 | $ | 319,997 | $ | 469,369 | $ | 82,008 | $ | 871,374
Bradford B. Robbins | 5,987 | 7,483 | 5,361 | $ | 214,634 | $ | 314,803 | $ | 55,004 | $ | 584,441
Gregory S. Smith | 9,252 | 11,565 | 8,285 | $ | 331,684 | $ | 486,533 | $ | 85,004 | $ | 903,221
Walter G. Vahey | 6,183 | 7,728 | 5,537 | $ | 221,661 | $ | 325,117 | $ | 56,810 | $ | 603,588 (1) | The values shown for the performance-based RSUs are based on (i) the stochastic “Monte Carlo” simulation method for 50% of the performance-based RSUs with a three-year TSR performance metric and (ii) the 37 Table of Contents stock price on the date of grant for 50% of the performance-based RSUs with a three-year PBIT rate metric. However, the Compensation Committee decided to continue to use the stock price on the date of grant methodology as its calculation of the value of the awards for purposes of comparison with the equity values for peer companies and with prior year equity values for the named executive officers. The methodology used by the Compensation Committee creates a 26% lower valuation for the performance-based RSUs with a three-year TSR target and a 7% lower valuation for all equity. The grant date for the 2019 equity grants approved by the Compensation Committee was January 25, 2019. The time-based RSU awards for all
employees, including named executive officers, vest in equal amounts annually over four years, commencing on the first anniversary of the date of grant. The performance-based RSUs for 2019 vest on the third anniversary of the grant date with
(a) the number of performance-based RSUs that vest based upon the determination of Teradyne’s three-year TSR performance relative to the NYA Index and (b) the number of performance-based RSUs that vest based on three-year cumulative
PBIT, in each case, as described above. The stock options vest in equal amounts annually over four years, commencing on the first anniversary of the date of grant, and have a term of seven years from the date of grant. 2019 Determination of Performance Achievement for 2016 Performance-Based RSU Grant In January 2019, the Compensation Committee reviewed performance against the 2016 performance-based RSU targets: (a) a TSR formula
measured against the NYA Index at the end of the three-year performance period (using a 45-day price averaging method at both the beginning and the end of the three-year performance period) capped at four
times the grant date value; and (b) a three-year cumulative PBIT rate. On this basis, the Compensation Committee approved the number of the 2016 performance-based RSUs based on the TSR formula at 200% of target and the number of
performance-based RSUs based on the three-year cumulative PBIT rate at 191% of target. These performance-based RSUs vested in full on January 29, 2019. Compensation Committee Report The Compensation Discussion and Analysis has been reviewed with management. Based on the review and discussion with management, the
Compensation Committee has recommended to the Board of Directors that the Compensation Discussion and Analysis be included in this proxy statement and in Teradyne’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year
ended December 31, 2018. COMPENSATION COMMITTEE Timothy E. Guertin (Chair) Marilyn Matz Roy A. Vallee The information contained in the report above shall not be deemed to be “soliciting material” or to be “filed” with the
SEC, nor shall such information be incorporated by reference into any future filing under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”) or the Exchange Act, except to the extent that Teradyne specifically incorporates it by
reference in any such filing. 38 Table of Contents Executive Compensation Tables Summary Compensation Table for 2018 The table below summarizes the total compensation paid or earned by each of the named executive officers during the fiscal years ended
December 31, 2018, 2017, and 2016. Name and Principal Position | Year | Salary (1) | Bonus (2) | Stock Awards (3) | Option Awards (4) | Non-Equity Incentive Plan Compensation (5) | Change in Pension Value and Nonqualified Deferred Compensation Earnings (6) | All Other Compensation (7) | Total
Mark E. Jagiela | 2018 | $ | 904,720 | $ | 325,588 | $ | 3,944,978 | $ | 420,802 | $ | 1,512,692 | $ | — | $ | 63,911 | $ | 7,172,691
Chief Executive Officer | 2017 | $ | 860,000 | $ | 374,312 | $ | 3,848,645 | $ | 400,000 | $ | 1,702,800 | $ | 37,289 | $ | 13,642 | $ | 7,236,688
2016 | $ | 821,000 | $ | 239,026 | $ | 2,992,877 | $ | 328,505 | $ | 919,520 | $ | 17,559 | $ | 13,168 | $ | 5,331,655
Gregory R. Beecher | 2018 | $ | 518,000 | $ | 164,224 | $ | 1,448,396 | $ | 154,510 | $ | 669,256 | $ | — | $ | 65,479 | $ | 3,019,865
Vice President, Chief Financial Officer & Treasurer | 2017 | $ | 500,000 | $ | 191,716 | $ | 1,443,254 | $ | 150,001 | $ | 765,000 | $ | — | $ | 52,686 | $ | 3,102,657
2016 | $ | 485,000 | $ | 130,613 | $ | 1,311,954 | $ | 144,001 | $ | 461,720 | $ | — | $ | 61,491 | $ | 2,594,779
Charles J. Gray | 2018 | $ | 375,000 | $ | 109,248 | $ | 727,748 | $ | 75,004 | $ | 399,000 | $ | — | $ | 15,674 | $ | 1,701,674
Vice President, General Counsel & Secretary | 2017 | $ | 370,000 | $ | 130,367 | $ | 721,656 | $ | 75,000 | $ | 466,200 | $ | — | $ | 15,413 | $ | 1,778,636
2016 | $ | 363,693 | $ | 91,564 | $ | 637,764 | $ | 70,002 | $ | 290,080 | $ | — | $ | 15,202 | $ | 1,468,305
Bradford B. Robbins | 2018 | $ | 339,900 | $ | 44,099 | $ | 482,846 | $ | 51,503 | $ | 402,309 | $ | — | $ | 3,248 | $ | 1,323,905
President, Wireless Test | 2017 | $ | 330,000 | $ | — | $ | 481,097 | $ | 50,003 | $ | 392,167 | $ | 572,485 | $ | 2,976 | $ | 1,828,728
2016 | $ | 330,000 | $ | — | $ | 455,550 | $ | 50,000 | $ | 195,552 | $ | 353,122 | $ | 2,756 | $ | 1,386,980
Gregory S. Smith | 2018 | $ | 396,067 | $ | 118,780 | $ | 756,272 | $ | 80,675 | $ | 442,605 | $ | — | $ | 15,902 | $ | 1,810,301
President, Semiconductor Test | 2017 | $ | 334,505 | $ | 121,326 | $ | 646,791 | $ | 67,222 | $ | 454,090 | $ | — | $ | 13,052 | $ | 1,636,986
Walter G. Vahey | 2018 | $ | 319,300 | $ | 95,757 | $ | 494,924 | $ | 52,793 | $ | 364,002 | $ | — | $ | 13,169 | $ | 1,339,945
Executive Vice President, Business Development | 2017 | $ | 310,000 | $ | 96,651 | $ | 490,711 | $ | 51,001 | $ | 320,850 | $ | — | $ | 12,733 | $ | 1,281,946
2016 | $ | 310,000 | $ | 78,972 | $ | 464,677 | $ | 51,002 | $ | 269,700 | $ | — | $ | 12,709 | $ | 1,187,060 (1) | The amounts reported in the “Salary” column represent the annual base salary for each named executive officer, which is paid monthly. (2) | The amounts reported in the “Bonus” column represent amounts earned under the Cash Profit Sharing Plan. (3) | The amounts reported in the “Stock Awards” column represent the fair value of the time-based and performance-based RSU awards on the date of grant calculated in accordance with FASB ASC Topic 718. The amounts reported in the “Stock Awards” column do not reflect the amount of compensation actually received by the named executive officer during the fiscal year. The maximum value of these performance-based RSUs, assuming the highest level of performance conditions is achieved, is as follows for 2018, 2017, and 2016, respectively: Mr. Jagiela: $4,523,481, $4,497,255, and $3,357,729,; Mr. Beecher: $1,660,790, $1,686,474, and $1,471,903; Mr. Gray: $834,442, $843,266, and $715,516; Mr. Robbins: $553,660, $562,182, and $511,076; Mr. Smith: $867,163, $755,798, and N/A; and Mr. Vahey: $567,512, $573,413, and $521,324. The final number of performance-based RSUs awarded in 2017 and 2018 will be determined by the Compensation Committee and the independent members of the Board upon the completion of the respective three-year performance period pursuant to the TSR and PBIT formulas described above for 2018 awards in “2018 Equity Awards”. Based on the achievement against the performance conditions, the actual value of the performance-based RSUs awarded in 2016 is as follows: Mr. Jagiela: $3,283,815; Mr. Beecher: $1,439,502; Mr. Gray: $699,766; Mr. Robbins: 499,825; Mr. Smith: $474,849; and Mr. Vahey: $509,847. For a discussion of the assumptions underlying this valuation, please see Note O to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in the Annual Report on Form 10-K for fiscal year 2018. (4) | The amounts reported in the “Option Awards” column represent the fair value of the award on the date of grant calculated in accordance with FASB ASC Topic 718. For a discussion of the assumptions underlying this valuation, please see Note O to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for fiscal year 2018. (5) | The amounts reported in the “Non-Equity Incentive Plan Compensation” column represent amounts earned under the variable cash compensation program for services performed. 39 Table of Contents (6) | The amounts reported in the “Change in Pension Value and Nonqualified Deferred Compensation Earnings” column represent the aggregate change in the actuarial present value of the named executives’ accumulated benefit under all defined benefit pension plans including supplemental plans. See also the disclosure below in the “Pension Benefits” table. Year over year changes in pension values generally are driven by changes in actuarial assumptions and factors (such as interest rates) as well as increases in service, age and compensation. Due to an increase in the discount rates, the present values of the accumulated benefit obligations for Messrs. Jagiela and Robbins have declined from December 31, 2017 to December 31, 2018. Although they are one year closer to assumed retirement and Mr. Robbins’ SERP benefit has increased from additional accruals, the increase in the discount rates has a more significant impact and, as a result, the present values of the accumulated benefit obligation declined by $32,528 for Mr. Jagiela and $32,037 for Mr. Robbins. As a result of these negative changes, no amounts are reported in the “Change in Pension Value and Nonqualified Deferred Compensation Earnings” column for Mr. Jagiela and Mr. Robbins. (7) | The amounts reported in the “All Other Compensation” column represent the following amounts for 2018 for the named executive officers: Company Contributions to Defined Contribution Plans | Value of Life Insurance Premiums | Total-All Other Compensation
Mark E. Jagiela | $ | 60,796 | $ | 3,115 | $ | 63,911
Gregory R. Beecher | 57,369 | 8,110 | 65,479
Charles J. Gray | 11,000 | 4,674 | 15,674
Bradford B. Robbins | — | 3,248 | 3,248
Gregory S. Smith | 11,000 | 4,902 | 15,902
Walter G. Vahey | 11,000 | 2,169 | 13,169 Grants of Plan-Based Awards Table for 2018 The following table sets forth information concerning plan-based awards to the named executive officers during the fiscal year ended
December 31, 2018. Grant Date | Type of Award (1) | Estimated Future Payouts under Non-Equity Incentive Plan Awards | Estimated Future Payouts under Equity Incentive Plan Awards | All Other Stock Awards: Number of Shares of Stock or Units | All Other Option Awards: Number of Securities Underlying Options (#) | Exercise or Base Price of Option Awards ($/Sh) | Grant Date Fair Value of Stock and Option Awards
Threshold ($) | Target ($) | Maximum ($) | Threshold (#) | Target (#) | Maximum (#)
Mark E. Jagiela | 1/1/2018 | VC | (2) | $ | — | $ | 995,192 | $ | 1,990,384 | — | — | — | — | — | — | —
1/26/2018 | PRSU | (3) | $ | — | $ | — | $ | — | — | 44,110 | 88,220 | — | — | — | $ | 2,261,740
1/26/2018 | RSU | (4) | $ | — | $ | — | $ | — | — | — | — | 35,288 | — | — | $ | 1,683,238
1/26/2018 | SO | (5) | $ | — | $ | — | $ | — | — | — | — | — | 34,577 | $ | 47.70 | $ | 420,802
Gregory R. Beecher | 1/1/2018 | VC | (2) | $ | — | $ | 440,300 | $ | 880,600 | — | — | — | — | — | — | —
1/26/2018 | PRSU | (3) | $ | — | $ | — | $ | — | — | 16,195 | 32,390 | — | — | — | $ | 830,395
1/26/2018 | RSU | (4) | $ | — | $ | — | $ | — | — | — | — | 12,956 | — | — | $ | 618,001
1/26/2018 | SO | (5) | $ | — | $ | — | $ | — | — | — | — | — | 12,696 | $ | 47.70 | $ | 154,510
Charles J. Gray | 1/1/2018 | VC | (2) | $ | — | $ | 262,500 | $ | 525,000 | — | — | — | — | — | — | —
1/26/2018 | PRSU | (3) | $ | — | $ | — | $ | — | — | 8,137 | 16,274 | — | — | — | $ | 417,221
1/26/2018 | RSU | (4) | $ | — | $ | — | $ | — | — | — | — | 6,510 | — | — | $ | 310,527
1/26/2018 | SO | (5) | $ | — | $ | — | $ | — | — | — | — | — | 6,163 | $ | 47.70 | $ | 75,004
Bradford B. Robbins | 1/1/2018 | VC | (2) | $ | — | $ | 254,925 | $ | 509,850 | — | — | — | — | — | — | —
1/26/2018 | PRSU | (3) | $ | — | $ | — | $ | — | — | 5,399 | 10,798 | — | — | — | $ | 276,830
1/26/2018 | RSU | (4) | $ | — | $ | — | $ | — | — | — | — | 4,319 | — | — | $ | 206,016
1/26/2018 | SO | (5) | $ | — | $ | — | $ | — | — | — | — | — | 4,232 | $ | 47.70 | $ | 51,503
Gregory S. Smith | 1/1/2018 | VC | (2) | $ | — | $ | 297,051 | $ | 594,102 | — | — | — | — | — | — | —
1/26/2018 | PRSU | (3) | $ | — | $ | — | $ | — | — | 8,456 | 16,912 | — | — | — | $ | 433,581
1/26/2018 | RSU | (4) | $ | — | $ | — | $ | — | — | — | — | 6,765 | — | — | $ | 322,691
1/26/2018 | SO | (5) | $ | — | $ | — | $ | — | — | — | — | — | 6,629 | $ | 47.70 | $ | 80,675 40 Table of Contents Grant Date | Type of Award (1) | Estimated Future Payouts under Non-Equity Incentive Plan Awards | Estimated Future Payouts under Equity Incentive Plan Awards | All Other Stock Awards: Number of Shares of Stock or Units | All Other Option Awards: Number of Securities Underlying Options (#) | Exercise or Base Price of Option Awards ($/Sh) | Grant Date Fair Value of Stock and Option Awards
Threshold ($) | Target ($) | Maximum ($) | Threshold (#) | Target (#) | Maximum (#)
Walter G. Vahey | 1/1/2018 | VC | (2) | $ | — | $ | 239,475 | $ | 478,950 | — | — | — | — | — | — | —
1/26/2018 | PRSU | (3) | $ | — | $ | — | $ | — | — | 5,534 | 11,068 | — | — | — | $ | 283,756
1/26/2018 | RSU | (4) | $ | — | $ | — | $ | — | — | — | — | 4,427 | — | — | $ | 211,168
1/26/2018 | SO | (5) | $ | — | $ | — | $ | — | — | — | — | — | 4,338 | $ | 47.70 | $ | 52,793 (1) | Type of Award: VC – Variable Cash Compensation PRSU – Performance-based Restricted Stock Units RSU – Time-based Restricted Stock Units SO – Stock Options (2) | The amounts reported represent the threshold, target and maximum payout levels for the variable cash compensation awards; the actual payouts are set forth in the “Non-Equity Incentive Plan Compensation” column of the Summary Compensation Table. (3) | The amounts reported represent the target and maximum number of performance-based RSUs granted in 2018. The final number of performance-based RSUs awarded in 2018 will be determined by the Compensation Committee and the independent directors upon the completion of the three-year performance period pursuant to the TSR and PBIT formulas described above in “2018 Equity Awards”. (4) | The time-based RSUs granted in 2018 vest in equal amounts annually over four years, commencing on the first anniversary of the date of grant. (5) | The stock options granted in 2018 vest in equal amounts annually over four years, commencing on the first anniversary of the date of grant, and have a term of seven years from the date of grant. Outstanding
Equity Awards at Fiscal Year-End Table for 2018 The following table sets forth information
concerning the outstanding equity awards held by the named executive officers at fiscal year-end, December 31, 2018. Option Awards | Stock Awards
Name | Number of Securities Underlying Unexercised Options (#) Exercisable | Number of Securities Underlying Unexercised Options (#) Unexercisable | Option Exercise Price ($) | Option Expiration Date | Number of Shares or Units of Stock That Have Not Vested (#) | Market Value of Shares or Units of Stock That Have Not Vested ($)
Mark E. Jagiela | 11,385 | — | $ | 19.16 | 01/24/21
16,490 | 16,490 | (1) | $ | 18.10 | 01/30/22
15,496 | 30,991 | (2) | $ | 19.43 | 01/29/23
14,025 | 42,076 | (3) | $ | 28.56 | 01/27/24
— | 34,577 | (4) | $ | 47.70 | 01/26/25
16,144 | $ | 506,599 | (5)
118,349 | $ | 3,713,792 | (6)
112,047 | $ | 3,516,035 | (7)
79,398 | $ | 2,491,509 | (8)
Gregory R. Beecher | — | 7,619 | (1) | $ | 18.10 | 01/30/22
— | 13,585 | (2) | $ | 19.43 | 01/29/23
— | 15,779 | (3) | $ | 28.56 | 01/27/24
— | 12,696 | (4) | $ | 47.70 | 01/26/25
7,735 | $ | 242,724 | (5)
51,880 | $ | 1,627,994 | (6)
42,018 | $ | 1,318,525 | (7)
29,151 | $ | 914,758 | (8) 41 Table of Contents Option Awards | Stock Awards
Name | Number of Securities Underlying Unexercised Options (#) Exercisable | Number of Securities Underlying Unexercised Options (#) Unexercisable | Option Exercise Price ($) | Option Expiration Date | Number of Shares or Units of Stock That Have Not Vested (#) | Market Value of Shares or Units of Stock That Have Not Vested ($)
Charles J. Gray | — | 3,640 | (1) | $ | 18.10 | 01/30/22
— | 6,604 | (2) | $ | 19.43 | 01/29/23
— | 7,890 | (3) | $ | 28.56 | 01/27/24
— | 6,163 | (4) | $ | 47.70 | 01/26/25
3,564 | $ | 111,838 | (5)
25,220 | $ | 791,404 | (6)
21,010 | $ | 659,294 | (7)
14,647 | $ | 459,623 | (8)
Bradford B. Robbins | 8,042 | 2,681 | (1) | $ | 18.10 | 01/30/22
4,717 | 4,717 | (2) | $ | 19.43 | 01/29/23
1,753 | 5,260 | (3) | $ | 28.56 | 01/27/24
— | 4,232 | (4) | $ | 47.70 | 01/26/25
2,625 | $ | 82,373 | (5)
18,014 | $ | 565,279 | (6)
14,007 | $ | 439,540 | (7)
9,718 | $ | 304,951 | (8)
Gregory S. Smith | — | 4,482 | (2) | $ | 19.43 | 01/29/23
— | 7,071 | (3) | $ | 28.56 | 01/27/24
— | 6,629 | (4) | $ | 47.70 | 01/26/25
2,763 | $ | 86,703 | (5)
17,114 | $ | 537,037 | (6)
18,831 | $ | 590,917 | (7)
15,221 | $ | 477,635 | (8)
Walter G. Vahey | 2,072 | — | $ | 19.16 | 01/24/21
2,681 | 2,681 | (1) | $ | 18.10 | 01/30/22
2,406 | 4,812 | (2) | $ | 19.43 | 01/29/23
1,788 | 5,365 | (3) | $ | 28.56 | 01/27/24
— | 4,338 | (4) | $ | 47.70 | 01/26/25
2,625 | $ | 82,373 | (5)
18,375 | $ | 576,608 | (6)
14,287 | $ | 448,326 | (7)
9,961 | $ | 312,576 | (8) (1) | For each named executive officer, the vesting dates for options granted on January 30, 2015 are twenty-five percent (25%) of the options vested on each of January 30, 2016, January 30, 2017, and January 30, 2018 and twenty-five percent (25%) will vest on January 30, 2019. (2) | For each named executive officer, the vesting dates for options granted on January 29, 2016 are twenty-five percent (25%) of the options vested on January 29, 2017 and January 29, 2018 and twenty-five percent (25%) will vest on each of January 29, 2019 and January 29, 2020. (3) | For each named executive officer, the vesting dates for options granted on January 27, 2017 are twenty-five percent (25%) of the options vested on January 27, 2018 and twenty-five percent (25%) will vest on each of January 27, 2019, January 27, 2020, and January 27, 2021. (4) | For each named executive officer, the vesting dates for options granted on January 26, 2018 are twenty-five percent (25%) of the options will vest on each of January 26, 2019, January 26, 2020, January 26, 2021, and January 26, 2022. (5) | For each named executive officer, the vesting dates for time-based RSUs granted on January 30, 2015 are twenty-five percent (25%) of the RSUs vested on each of January 30, 2016, January 30, 2017, and January 30, 2018 and twenty-five percent (25%) will vest on January 30, 2019. The performance-based RSUs granted on January 30, 2015 were determined and vested in full on the three-year anniversary of the grant date (January 30, 2018). (6) | For each named executive officer, the vesting dates for time-based RSUs granted on January 29, 2016 are twenty-five percent (25%) of the RSUs vested on each of January 29, 2017 and January 29, 2018 and twenty-five percent (25%) will vest on each of January 29, 2019 and January 29, 2020. These RSUs totals include the performance-based RSUs awarded in 2016 at target. The final number of performance-based RSUs awarded in 2016 was determined by the Compensation Committee and the independent directors upon the three-year anniversary of the grant date (January 29, 2019) pursuant to the performance metric approved by the Compensation Committee for the 2016 grant. The determination of the number of performance-based RSUs awarded in 2016 is described above in 42 Table of Contents “2019 Determination of Performance Achievement for 2016 Performance-Based RSU Grant” and “Summary Compensation Table for 2018”. The performance-based RSUs earned will vest at the end of the three-year measurement period (January 29, 2019). (7) | For each named executive officer, the vesting dates for time-based RSUs granted on January 27, 2017 are twenty-five percent (25%) of the RSUs vested on January 27, 2018 and twenty-five percent (25%) will vest on each of January 27, 2019, January 27, 2020, and January 27, 2021. These RSUs totals include the performance-based RSUs awarded in 2017 at target. The final number of performance-based RSUs awarded in 2017 will be determined by the Compensation Committee and the independent directors upon the three-year anniversary of the grant date (January 27, 2020) pursuant to the performance metrics approved by the Compensation Committee for the 2017 grant. The performance-based RSUs earned will vest at the end of the three-year measurement period (January 27, 2020). (8) | For each named executive officer, the vesting dates for time-based RSUs granted on January 26, 2018 are twenty-five percent (25%) of the RSUs will vest on each of January 26, 2019, January 26, 2020, January 26, 2021, and January 26, 2022. These RSUs totals include the performance-based RSUs awarded in 2018 at target. The final number of performance-based RSUs awarded in 2018 will be determined by the Compensation Committee and the independent directors upon the three-year anniversary of the grant date (January 26, 2021) pursuant to the performance metrics approved by the Compensation Committee for the 2018 grant and described above in “2018 Equity Awards”. The performance-based RSUs earned will vest at the end of the three-year measurement period (January 26, 2021). Option Exercises and Stock Vested Table for 2018 The named executive officers exercised stock options during 2018. The following table shows: (1) the number of shares acquired upon
exercise of stock options and the value realized on exercise during 2018; and (2) the number of shares acquired as a result of the vesting of RSUs and the value realized on vesting during 2018: Option Awards | Stock Awards
Name | Number of Shares Acquired on Exercise (#) | Value Realized on Exercise ($) | Number of Shares Acquired on Vesting (#) | Value Realized on Vesting ($)
Mark E. Jagiela | — | $ | — | 184,816 | $ | 8,584,911
Gregory R. Beecher | 25,630 | $ | 660,584 | 84,846 | $ | 3,940,768
Charles J. Gray | 12,422 | $ | 322,602 | 40,590 | $ | 1,885,339
Bradford B. Robbins | — | $ | — | 33,225 | $ | 1,544,367
Gregory S. Smith | 4,598 | $ | 93,960 | 9,263 | $ | 432,481
Walter G. Vahey | — | $ | — | 29,683 | $ | 1,378,643 Retirement and Post-Employment Tables Pension Benefits Table for 2018 The Company offers a qualified Retirement Plan and a non-qualified SERP. In 1999, the Company
discontinued both plans to new members. At that time, all employees were offered the choice to remain in the Retirement Plan and continue to accrue benefits, or opt for an additional match in the 401k Plan, in lieu of participation in the Retirement
Plan. Approximately fifty percent (50%) of the employees elected to remain in the Retirement Plan. One hundred eighteen current employees continue to accrue benefits in the Retirement Plan and only ten in the SERP. In November 2009, the Board voted
to freeze the benefits under the Retirement Plan for any employee, including Mr. Robbins, who participated in both the Retirement Plan and the final average pay variant of the SERP. These employees continue to receive the same retirement
benefits, but through the SERP rather than through accruals in the Retirement Plan. Mr. Jagiela is also entitled to benefits under the Retirement Plan but, as of January 1, 2000, is no longer accruing additional benefits under that plan. The SERP pension formula is identical to that of the Retirement Plan, except an employee’s eligible earnings are based on the
employee’s highest consecutive 60 months of actual base salary, actual cash profit sharing and target variable compensation and actual years of service. The resulting benefit is then reduced by the benefit payable from the Retirement
Plan. There is no provision in the SERP to grant extra years of credited service. To calculate the present value
of the accumulated benefit, Teradyne’s actuaries used the same assumptions as used in Teradyne’s financial 43 Table of Contents statements for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2018, a discount rate of 4.15% for the Retirement Plan and 4.0% for the SERP. Similar to most pension plans, Teradyne’s Retirement Plan was designed such that the annual present value of the accrued benefit
associated with the plan increases significantly as an employee both approaches retirement and increases his or her years of service. Other factors which can influence year-on-year changes include one-time items such as discount rate changes, information updates, or mortality rate changes. The table below shows the present value, as of December 31, 2018, of accumulated benefits payable to each of the named executive
officers, including the number of years of service credited to each such named executive officer, under each of the Retirement Plan and SERP. Although Messrs. Jagiela and Robbins are no longer accruing additional benefits under the Retirement Plan,
he is entitled to benefits under the Retirement Plan and, based on the actuarial assumptions used this year, shows a Change in Pension Value in the Summary Compensation Table. Name | Plan Name | Number of Years Credited Service (#) | Present Value of Accumulated Benefits ($)
Mark E. Jagiela (1) | Retirement Plan | 17.61 | $ | 294,869
SERP | — | $ | —
Gregory R. Beecher | Retirement Plan | — | $ | —
SERP | — | $ | —
Charles J. Gray | Retirement Plan | — | $ | —
SERP | — | $ | —
Bradford B. Robbins (2) | Retirement Plan | 30.00 | $ | 547,220
SERP | 39.00 | $ | 2,630,697
Gregory S. Smith | Retirement Plan | — | $ | —
SERP | — | $ | —
Walter G. Vahey | Retirement Plan | — | $ | —
SERP | — | $ | — (1) | The years of creditable service for Mr. Jagiela were capped in 1999 with respect to the Retirement Plan. (2) | The years of creditable service for Mr. Robbins were capped in 2009 with respect to the Retirement Plan. Nonqualified Deferred Compensation Table for 2018 The Company maintains the Supplemental Savings Plan which allows certain eligible employees who are actively employed by Teradyne on or after
December 1, 1994 to defer compensation in excess of limits under the 401k Plan and to receive supplemental matching contributions from the Company. In addition, employees who participate in the variable cash compensation plan may defer up to
85% of each year’s variable cash compensation payment into the Supplemental Savings Plan. The Supplemental Savings Plan is unfunded and is maintained primarily for the purpose of providing deferred compensation for a select group of management
or “highly compensated employees” as defined in ERISA. In general, under the Supplemental Savings Plan, distribution of the deferrals and the vested matching contributions are made in one lump sum upon the participant’s retirement,
disability, or other termination of employment. In addition to the conditions of the Supplemental Savings Plan itself, certain restrictions are imposed by Section 409A of the Code regarding when participants will receive distributions under the
Supplemental Savings Plan. Because the Supplemental Savings Plan is intended to be an ERISA excess plan, the investment options available
to participants are similar to those provided in the 401k Plan. Employees select the investment options from a portfolio of mutual funds. The earnings are credited based on the actual performance of the selected mutual funds. 44 Table of Contents The table below shows the aggregate balance of the deferred compensation amounts in the
Supplemental Savings Plan for each named executive officer, as of December 31, 2018. Name | Executive Contributions in 2018 (1) | Employer Contributions in 2018 (2) | Aggregate Earnings in 2018 | Aggregate Withdrawals / Distributions | Aggregate Balance at 12/31/2018
Mark E. Jagiela | $ | 376,628 | $ | 49,796 | $ | (137,036 | ) | $ | — | $ | 1,363,980
Gregory R. Beecher | 143,424 | 46,369 | 58,104 | — | 3,050,083
Charles J. Gray | — | — | — | — | —
Bradford B. Robbins | — | — | (66,111 | ) | 1,031,828
Gregory S. Smith | — | — | — | — | —
Walter G. Vahey | — | — | — | — | — (1) | The following table lists the amounts of each named executive officer’s contributions that were previously reported in the Summary Compensation Table in the “Salary” and “Non-Equity Incentive Plan Compensation” columns: Mark E. Jagiela | Gregory R. Beecher | Charles J. Gray | Bradford B. Robbins | Gregory S. Smith | Walter G. Vahey
2018 | $ | 376,628 | $ | 143,424 | $ | — | $ | — | $ | — | $ | —
2017 | 229,880 | 112,586 | — | 92,074 | — | —
2016 | 284,958 | 136,052 | — | — | — | —
Prior to 2016 | 213,240 | 1,031,231 | — | 364,635 | — | —
Total Employee Contributions | $ | 1,104,706 | $ | 1,405,293 | $ | — | $ | 456,709 | $ | — | $ | — (2) | These amounts are included in the Summary Compensation Table in the “All Other Compensation” column. Post-Termination Compensation Table Change in Control Agreements Teradyne maintains Change in Control Agreements with each of the named executive officers (the “Change in Control Agreements”). Under
the Change in Control Agreements, in the event the employment of a named executive officer is terminated without “Cause” or the named executive officer terminates his employment for “Good Reason” (each as defined in the
agreement) within two years following a defined change in control of Teradyne, he will receive the following payments and/or benefits: • | Immediate vesting of all outstanding and unvested equity awards (for performance-based equity awards, the vesting will be calculated assuming payout at the target level); • | Cash awards for the year of termination calculated at the target level and pro-rated up to the date of termination; • | Salary continuation for two years based on the named executive officers’ annual target cash compensation at the time of termination; and • | Health, dental and vision plan insurance coverage for two years. The Change in Control Agreements provide that the salary continuation may be suspended and prior payments recouped if the two-year non-competition and non-solicitation covenants contained in the Change in Control Agreement are breached. Mr. Beecher’s Change in Control Agreement, entered into in 2007, provides for a tax gross-up payment in the amount necessary, so that the net amount retained by him (after reduction for (i) any excise tax and (ii) any federal, state or local tax on the tax gross-up payment) is equal to the
amount of the payments under the agreement other than the tax gross-up payment. However, as reflected in the table on page 46, had a termination 45 Table of Contents in connection with a change in control occurred on December 31, 2018, no tax gross-up would have been payable to Mr. Beecher. No other Change in
Control Agreement includes a provision for a tax gross-up payment. Other Arrangements Other than the Chief Executive Officer, none of the named executive officers has a severance agreement. Upon his appointment as Chief Executive
Officer in February 2014, Mr. Jagiela entered into a Separation Agreement, the terms of which are set forth in the “Compensation Discussion and Analysis” section of this proxy statement. Teradyne has a standard severance practice
under which, the Company may in its discretion, offer severance payments to an employee, including a named executive officer, generally based on length of service. Any severance payments to named executive officers are conditioned upon the named
executive officer’s entering into a written severance agreement containing customary obligations, such as, non-competition, non-solicitation, non-disparagement and/or confidentiality obligations, and releasing Teradyne from any claims. On
January 24, 2019, Teradyne announced that Mr. Beecher planned to retire as Chief Financial Officer. No retirement date has been set and no retirement benefits have been determined as of the date of this proxy statement. Potential Payments upon Termination or Termination Following a Change in Control The following provides the details of potential payments and benefits that would be received by the named executive officers in the event of a
termination of employment, had the termination of employment occurred on December 31, 2018. The following table does not reflect payments or benefits that are generally available to all salaried employees under standard company policies or
benefits, such as the standard severance policy, subsidized rates for health, dental and vision programs for retirees, long-term disability and life insurance. Reason for Termination (1) | Salary Continuation | Pro-rated Variable Cash Compensation (2) | Benefits Continuation | Value of Accelerated Unvested Equity (3) | Total
Mark E. Jagiela | Change in Control | $ | 3,799,824 | $ | 995,192 | $ | 48,462 | $ | 10,935,918 | $ | 15,779,396
Not for Cause | $ | 3,799,824 | $ | — | $ | 48,462 | $ | 12,436,523 | $ | 16,284,809
Disability (4) | $ | 3,799,824 | $ | — | $ | — | $ | 13,374,447 | $ | 17,174,271
Death | $ | — | $ | — | $ | — | $ | 13,374,447 | $ | 13,374,447
Gregory R. Beecher | Change in Control (5) | $ | 1,916,600 | $ | 440,300 | $ | 41,869 | $ | 4,412,020 | $ | 6,810,789
Not for Cause (6) | $ | — | $ | — | $ | — | $ | 3,570,829 | $ | 3,570,829
Disability | $ | — | $ | — | $ | — | $ | 5,487,731 | $ | 5,487,731
Death | $ | — | $ | — | $ | — | $ | 5,487,731 | $ | 5,487,731
Charles J. Gray | Change in Control | $ | 1,275,000 | $ | 262,500 | $ | 48,880 | $ | 2,171,665 | $ | 3,758,046
Disability | $ | — | $ | — | $ | — | $ | 2,694,018 | $ | 2,694,018
Death | $ | — | $ | — | $ | — | $ | 2,694,018 | $ | 2,694,018
Bradford B. Robbins | Change in Control | $ | 1,189,650 | $ | 166,607 | $ | 32,251 | $ | 1,498,947 | $ | 2,887,455
Not for Cause (6) | $ | — | $ | — | $ | — | $ | 1,221,879 | $ | 1,221,879
Disability | $ | — | $ | — | $ | — | $ | 1,872,939 | $ | 1,872,939
Death | $ | — | $ | — | $ | — | $ | 1,872,939 | $ | 1,872,939
Gregory S. Smith | Change in Control | $ | 1,386,236 | $ | 297,051 | $ | 27,847 | $ | 1,765,792 | $ | 3,476,926
Disability | $ | — | $ | — | $ | — | $ | 2,113,945 | $ | 2,113,945
Death | $ | — | $ | — | $ | — | $ | 2,113,945 | $ | 2,113,945
Walter G. Vahey | Change in Control | $ | 1,117,550 | $ | 239,475 | $ | 48,880 | $ | 1,528,119 | $ | 2,934,024
Disability | $ | — | $ | — | $ | — | $ | 1,909,552 | $ | 1,909,552
Death | $ | — | $ | — | $ | — | $ | 1,909,552 | $ | 1,909,552 (1) | None of the named executive officers has an agreement to receive any salary continuation, variable cash compensation, benefits continuation, acceleration of equity or other payment in the event such named executive officer voluntarily terminates his or her employment with Teradyne without “Good Reason” or if the employment of that named executive officer is terminated by Teradyne for cause. (2) | The amounts reported in this column for Change in Control represent pro-rated variable cash compensation at target for each of the named executive officers. 46 Table of Contents (3) | The Change in Control amounts represent the value of the performance and non-performance based restricted stock units and the in-the-money value of stock options that would accelerate upon termination of employment by the Company without cause or by the executive officer for good reason following a change in control. Amounts for Death or Disability represent pro-rated values of performance based restricted stock units granted in 2018, full values of performance based restricted stock units granted prior to 2018, non-performance based restricted stock units, and the in-the-money value of stock options. Mr. Jagiela’s amount upon termination of employment by the Company Not for Cause represents the value of the performance based restricted stock units that would continue to vest for 36 months, and non-performance based restricted stock units and the in-the-money value of stock options that would continue to vest for 24 months. (4) | Mr. Jagiela is eligible to receive a two-year severance payment to the extent he is not eligible to receive disability insurance, which payment is reduced by any compensation Mr. Jagiela receives from other employment. (5) | Mr. Beecher has the only Change in Control Agreement which provides for a tax gross-up payment as described in the above “Change in Control Agreements” section. No tax gross-up would have been payable to Mr. Beecher if he was terminated in connection with a change in control on December 31, 2018. (6) | Messrs. Beecher and Robbins would be eligible to receive pro-rated values of the performance-based restricted stock units given their ages and service in the event of retirement or termination other than for cause. CEO Pay Ratio As required by Section 953(b) of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act, and Item 402(u) of Regulation S-K, Teradyne is providing the following information about the relationship of the annual total compensation of its employees to the annual total compensation of Mr. Jagiela, the Company’s Chief Executive
Officer (the “CEO”). The pay ratio information included below is a reasonable estimate calculated in a manner consistent with Item 402(u) of Regulation S-K. For 2018, Teradyne’s last completed fiscal year: • | the median of the annual total compensation of all Teradyne employees (other than the CEO) was $92,268; • | the annual total compensation of the CEO, as reported in the Summary Compensation Table on page 39 of this proxy statement, was $7,172,691; and • | the ratio of the annual total compensation of the CEO to the median of the annual total compensation of all employees was 78:1. To identify the median of the annual total compensation of all its employees (the “median
employee”), Teradyne examined the 2017 model cash compensation for all employees, excluding our CEO, who were employed by the Company on Teradyne’s determination date, October 9, 2017. The Company included all employees in all
countries, whether employed on a full-time, part-time, temporary or seasonal basis. “Model cash compensation” is the target cash compensation of a Company employee consisting of base salary, target sales commissions, target variable cash
compensation, and/or target cash bonuses and benefits. Teradyne used model cash compensation for all employees as its consistently applied compensation measure because model cash compensation is an internal Company measure that reasonably reflects
relative annual compensation to identify the median employee. Given its global population, the Company used currency exchange rates as of September 27, 2017 to determine model cash compensation and therefore the median employee. The Company did
not use any cost-of-living adjustments in identifying the median employee. Using model cash compensation as the consistently applied compensation measure, the Company determined the median employee is a field
application engineer working in Asia. For 2018, the Company continued to use this employee as its median employee because there were no changes in its employee population or employee compensation arrangements that the Company believes would
significantly impact the pay ratio disclosure. As permitted by SEC regulation, the median employee determination excluded individuals who became employees as a result of the Mobile Industrial Robots ApS and Energid Technologies Corporation
acquisitions that were completed within fiscal year 2018. Teradyne calculated annual total compensation for the median employee using the same methodology it used for the Company’s CEO as set forth in the Summary Compensation Table of this
proxy statement. As the median employee was not paid in US dollars, the Company used currency exchange rates as of December 26, 2018 to determine the median employee’s annual total compensation. 47 Table of Contents OTHER MATTERS Shareholder Proposals for 2020 Annual Meeting of Shareholders Teradyne’s bylaws set forth the procedures a shareholder must follow to nominate a director or to bring other business before a
shareholder meeting. For shareholders who wish to nominate a candidate for director at the 2020 Annual Meeting of Shareholders, Teradyne must receive the nomination not less than 50 days or more than 90 days prior to the meeting. In the event a
shareholder is given less than 65 days’ prior notice of the meeting date (whether by notice mailed to the shareholder or through public disclosure), to be timely, the shareholder’s notice of nomination must be received no later than the
close of business on the fifteenth day following the earlier of the day on which notice of the meeting date was mailed or publicly disclosed. The shareholder’s notice of nomination must provide information regarding the nominee, including name,
address, occupation and shares held by the shareholder making the proposal. The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee will consider any nominee properly presented by a shareholder and will make a recommendation to the Board. After full
consideration by the Board, the shareholder presenting the nomination will be notified of the Board’s decision. If a shareholder
wishes to bring matters other than proposals that will be included in the proxy materials before the 2020 Annual Meeting of Shareholders, Teradyne must receive notice within the timelines described above for director nominations. If a shareholder
who wishes to present a proposal but fails to notify Teradyne in time, that shareholder will not be entitled to present the proposal at the meeting. If, however, notwithstanding the requirements of the bylaws, the proposal is brought before the
meeting, then under the SEC’s proxy rules, the proxies Teradyne solicits with respect to the 2020 Annual Meeting of Shareholders will confer discretionary voting authority with respect to the shareholder’s proposal on the persons selected
to vote the proxies. If a shareholder makes a timely notification, the proxies may still exercise discretionary voting authority under circumstances consistent with the SEC’s proxy rules. If a shareholder wishes to bring a proposal intended for inclusion in Teradyne’s proxy materials to be furnished to all shareholders
entitled to vote at the 2020 Annual Meeting of Shareholders, Teradyne must receive notice pursuant to SEC Rule 14a-8 no later than November 29, 2019. It is suggested that shareholders submit their proposals either by courier or Certified Mail – Return Receipt Requested. Expenses and Solicitation Teradyne will bear the cost of solicitation of proxies, and in addition to soliciting the shareholders by mail and by Teradyne’s regular
employees, the Company may request banks and brokers to solicit their customers who have stock registered in the name of a nominee and, if so, will reimburse such banks and brokers for their reasonable out-of-pocket costs. Solicitation by Teradyne’s officers and employees, as well as certain outside proxy-solicitation services may also be made of some shareholders in person or by mail, telephone or
facsimile following the original solicitation. Incorporation by Reference To the extent that this proxy statement has been or will be specifically incorporated by reference into any of Teradyne’s filings with the
SEC, the sections of the proxy statement entitled “Compensation Committee Report” and “Audit Committee Report” shall not be deemed to be so incorporated, unless specifically otherwise provided in any such filing. 48 Table of Contents Householding for Shareholders Sharing the Same Address Teradyne has adopted a procedure called “householding,” which has been approved by the SEC. Under householding, unless Teradyne has
received contrary instructions from the shareholders, Teradyne delivers only one copy of the annual report and proxy statement to multiple shareholders who share the same address and have the same last name. This helps Teradyne reduce printing
costs, mailing costs and fees. Shareholders who participate in householding will continue to receive separate proxy cards. Upon request,
Teradyne will promptly deliver another copy of the annual report and proxy statement to any shareholder at a shared address to which a single copy of such document was delivered. To receive a separate copy of the combined annual report and proxy
statement, you may write or call Teradyne, Inc., 600 Riverpark Drive, North Reading, MA 01864, Attention: Investor Relations, telephone number 978-370-2425. You may also
access the annual report and proxy statement on the Company’s web site at www.teradyne.com under the “SEC Filings” section of the “Investors” link. If you are a holder of record and would like to revoke your householding consent and receive a separate copy of the annual report or proxy
statement in the future, please contact Broadridge, Inc. (“Broadridge”), either by calling toll free at (800) 542-1061 or by writing to Broadridge, Householding Department, 51 Mercedes Way, Edgewood,
New York 11717. You will be removed from the householding program within 30 days of receipt of the revocation of your consent. 49 Table of Contents VOTE BY INTERNET - www.proxyvote.com Use the Internet to transmit your voting instructions and for electronic delivery of information up until
11:59 P.M. Eastern Time the day before the cut-off date or meeting date. Have your proxy card in hand when you access the web site and follow the instructions to obtain your records and to create an electronic voting instruction form. Teradyne, Inc.
C/O Broadridge Corporate Issuer Solutions, Inc ELECTRONIC DELIVERY OF FUTURE PROXY MATERIALS P O Box 1342 If you would like to reduce the costs incurred by our company in mailing proxy materials, Brentwood, NY 11717 you can consent to receiving all
future proxy statements, proxy cards and annual reports electronically via e-mail or the Internet. To sign up for electronic delivery, please follow the instructions above to vote using the Internet and, when prompted, indicate that you 1 agree to
receive or access proxy materials electronically in future years. Investor Address Line 1 Investor Address Line 2 VOTE BY PHONE - 1-800-690-6903 Investor Address Line 3 1 1 OF Use any touch-tone telephone to transmit your voting instructions up
until 11:59 Investor Address Line 4 P.M. Eastern Time the day before the cut-off date or meeting date. Have your Investor Address Line 5 proxy card in hand when you call and then follow the instructions. John Sample 1234 ANYWHERE STREET 2 VOTE BY
MAIL ANY CITY, ON A1A 1A1 Mark, sign and date your proxy card and return it in the postage-paid envelope we have provided or return it to Vote Processing, c/o Broadridge, 51 Mercedes Way, Edgewood, NY 11717. CONTROL # NAME THE COMPANY NAME INC. -
COMMON SHARES 123,456,789,012.12345 THE COMPANY NAME INC. - CLASS A 123,456,789,012.12345 THE COMPANY NAME INC. - CLASS B 123,456,789,012.12345 THE COMPANY NAME INC. - CLASS C 123,456,789,012.12345 THE COMPANY NAME INC. - CLASS D
123,456,789,012.12345 THE COMPANY NAME INC. - CLASS E 123,456,789,012.12345 THE COMPANY NAME INC. - CLASS F 123,456,789,012.12345 THE COMPANY NAME INC. - 401 K 123,456,789,012.12345 PAGE 1 OF 2 x TO VOTE, MARK BLOCKS BELOW IN BLUE OR BLACK INK AS
FOLLOWS: KEEP THIS PORTION FOR YOUR RECORDS DETACH AND RETURN THIS PORTION ONLY THIS PROXY CARD IS VALID ONLY WHEN SIGNED AND DATED. The Board of Directors recommends you vote FOR 2 0 the following: 1. Election of Directors Nominees For Against
Abstain 0000000000 1A Michael A. Bradley 0 0 0 The Board of Directors recommends you vote FOR proposals 2 and 3. For Against Abstain 1B Edwin J. Gillis 0 0 0 2 To approve, in a non-binding, advisory vote, 0 0 0 the compensation of the Company’s
named executive officers as disclosed in the 1C Timothy E. Guertin 0 0 0 Company’s proxy statement under the headings “Compensation Discussion and Analysis” and “Executive Compensation Tables”. 1D Mark E. Jagiela 0 0 0 1E
Mercedes Johnson 0 0 0 3 To ratify the selection of 0 0 0 PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP as independent registered public accounting firm for the 1F Marilyn Matz 0 0 0 fiscal year ending December 31, 2019. 1G Paul J. Tufano 0 0 0 NOTE: Such other
business as may properly come before the meeting or any adjournment thereof. 1H Roy A. Vallee 0 0 0 . 18 . 1 . 0 R1 _ 1 Please sign exactly as your name(s) appear(s) hereon. When signing as attorney, executor, administrator, or other fiduciary,
please give full title as such. Joint owners should each sign personally. All holders must sign. If a corporation or partnership, please sign in full corporate or partnership name by authorized officer. 0000404612 SHARES CUSIP # JOB # SEQUENCE #
Signature [PLEASE SIGN WITHIN BOX] Date Signature (Joint Owners) Date Table of Contents Important Notice Regarding the Availability of Proxy Materials for the Annual Meeting: The Notice & Proxy Statement, Shareholder Letter, Form
10-K is/are available at www.proxyvote.com TERADYNE, INC. Annual Meeting of Shareholders May 7, 2019 10:30 AM This proxy is solicited by the Board of Directors The shareholder(s) hereby appoint(s) MARK E. JAGIELA and CHARLES J. GRAY, or either of
them, as proxies, each with the power to appoint his substitute, and hereby authorizes them to represent and to vote, as designated on the reverse side of this ballot, all of the shares of Common stock of TERADYNE, INC. that the shareholder(s)
is/are entitled to vote at the Annual Meeting of shareholder(s) to be held at 10:30 AM, EST on May 7, 2019, at Teradyne, Inc., 600 Riverpark Drive, North Reading, MA 01864, and any adjournment or postponement thereof. This proxy, when properly
executed, will be voted in the manner directed herein. If no such direction is made, this proxy will be voted in accordance with the Board of Directors’ recommendations. . 18 . 1 . 0 R1 _ 2 0000404612 Continued and to be signed on reverse side