S-3 1 d489575ds3.htm S-3 S-3 Table of Contents As filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on November 9, 2017 Registration No. 333- UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 FORM S-3 REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER THE
SECURITIES ACT OF 1933 CRISPR THERAPEUTICS AG (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) Switzerland | Not applicable
(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) | (I.R.S. Employer Identification Number) Baarerstrasse 14 6300 Zug Switzerland +41 561 3277 (Address, including zip code, and telephone number, including area code of registrant’s principal executive offices) CT Corporation System 111 Eighth Avenue New
York, NY 10011 (212) 894-8800 (Name, address, including zip code, and telephone number, including area code, of agent for service) Copies to: Mitchell S. Bloom Robert E. Puopolo Seo Salimi Goodwin Procter LLP 100 Northern Avenue Boston, MA 02210 (617) 570-1000 | James R. Kasinger General Counsel and Secretary CRISPR Therapeutics AG Baarerstrasse 14 6300 Zug Switzerland +41 561 3277 From time to time after the effective date of this Registration Statement (Approximate date of commencement of proposed sale to the public) If the only securities being registered on this Form are being offered pursuant to dividend or interest reinvestment plans, please check the
following box. ☐ If any of the securities being registered on this Form are to be offered on a delayed or continuous
basis pursuant to Rule 415 under the Securities Act of 1933, other than securities offered only in connection with dividend or interest reinvestment plans, check the following box. ☒ If this Form is filed to register additional securities for an offering pursuant to Rule 462(b) under the Securities Act, please check the
following box and list the Securities Act registration statement number of the earlier effective registration statement for the same offering. ☐ If this Form is a post-effective amendment filed pursuant to Rule 462(c) under the Securities Act, check the following box and list the
Securities Act registration statement number of the earlier effective registration statement for the same offering. ☐ If
this Form is a registration statement pursuant to General Instruction I.D. or a post-effective amendment thereto that shall become effective upon filing with the Commission pursuant to Rule 462(e) under the Securities Act, check the following
box. ☐ If this Form is a post-effective amendment to a registration statement filed pursuant to General Instruction I.D.
filed to register additional securities or additional classes of securities pursuant to Rule 413(b) under the Securities Act, check the following box. ☐ Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of “large accelerated filer,” “accelerated filer,” “smaller reporting
company,” and “emerging growth company” in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. Large accelerated filer | ☐ | Accelerated filer | ☐
Non-accelerated filer | ☒ (Do not check if a smaller reporting company) | Smaller reporting company | ☐
Emerging growth company | ☒ If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended
transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the Securities Act. ☒ CALCULATION OF REGISTRATION FEE Title of each class of securities to be registered | Amount to be Registered | Proposed Maximum Offering Price per Unit | Proposed Maximum Aggregate Offering Price | Amount of Registration Fee (1)
Common Shares, CHF 0.03 par value | (2) | (3) | (3) | —
Debt Securities | (2) | (3) | (3) | —
Warrants | (2) | (3) | (3) | —
Units | (2) | (3) | (3) | —
Subscription Rights | (2) | (3) | (3) | —
Total | (2) | $300,000,000 | $37,350.00 (1) | Calculated pursuant to Rule 457(o) under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Act. (2) | The amount to be registered consists of up to $300,000,000 of an indeterminate amount of common shares, debt securities, warrants and/or units. There is also being registered hereunder such currently indeterminate number of (i) common shares or other securities of the registrant as may be issued upon conversion of, or in exchange for, convertible or exchangeable debt securities registered hereby or (ii) common shares, debt securities or units as may be issued upon exercise of warrants registered hereby, as the case may be. Any securities registered hereunder may be sold separately or as units with the other securities registered hereunder. (3) | The proposed maximum aggregate offering price per class of security will be determined from time to time by the registrant in connection with the issuance by the registrant of the securities registered hereunder and is not specified as to each class of security pursuant to General Instruction II.D. of Form S-3 under the Securities Act. The registrant hereby amends this registration statement on such date or dates as may be necessary to delay its effective date until the registrant shall
file a further amendment that specifically states that this registration statement shall thereafter become effective in accordance with Section 8(a) of the Securities Act or until the registration statement shall become effective on such date
as the Securities and Exchange Commission, acting pursuant to said Section 8(a), may determine. Table of Contents The information in this prospectus is not complete and may be changed. We may not sell
these securities or accept an offer to buy these securities until the registration statement filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission is effective. This prospectus is not an offer to sell these securities, and it is not soliciting offers to
buy these securities in any state where such offer or sale is not permitted. SUBJECT TO COMPLETION,
DATED NOVEMBER 9, 2017 PROSPECTUS CRISPR THERAPEUTICS AG $300,000,000 Common
Shares Debt Securities Warrants Units Subscription Rights From time to time, we may offer
up to $300,000,000 of any combination of the securities described in this prospectus in one or more offerings. We may also offer securities as may be issuable upon conversion, redemption, repurchase, exchange or exercise of any securities registered
hereunder, including any applicable anti-dilution provisions. This prospectus provides a general description of the securities we may offer. Each time we
offer securities, we will provide specific terms of the securities offered in a supplement to this prospectus. The prospectus supplement may also add, update or change information contained in this prospectus. You should carefully read this
prospectus and the applicable prospectus supplement, as well as any documents incorporated by reference, before you invest in any of the securities being offered. This prospectus may not be used to consummate a sale of any securities unless accompanied by a prospectus supplement. Our common shares trade on the NASDAQ Global Market under the symbol “CRSP.” On November 8, 2017, the last reported sale price of our common shares
was $17.94 per share. The applicable prospectus supplement will contain information, where applicable, as to any other listing on the NASDAQ Global Market or any securities market or other exchange of the securities, if any, covered by the
prospectus supplement. We will sell these securities directly to investors, through agents designated from time to time or to or through underwriters or
dealers, on a continuous or delayed basis. For additional information on the methods of sale, you should refer to the section entitled “Plan of Distribution” in this prospectus. If any agents or underwriters are involved in the sale of any
securities with respect to which this prospectus is being delivered, the names of such agents or underwriters and any applicable fees, commissions, discounts or over-allotment options will be set forth in a prospectus supplement. The price to the
public of such securities and the net proceeds we expect to receive from such sale will also be set forth in a prospectus supplement. Investing in our
securities involves a high degree of risk. You should review carefully the risks and uncertainties described under the heading “ Risk Factors ” contained in the applicable prospectus supplement and under similar
headings in the other documents that are incorporated by reference into this prospectus as described on page 3 of this prospectus. Neither the Securities and
Exchange Commission nor any state securities commission has approved or disapproved of these securities or determined if this prospectus is truthful or complete. Any representation to the contrary is a criminal offense. Table of Contents The date of this prospectus is November 9, 2017. TABLE OF CONTENTS ABOUT THIS PROSPECTUS | 1
CRISPR THERAPEUTICS AG | 2
RISK FACTORS | 3
SPECIAL NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS | 4
RATIO OF EARNINGS TO FIXED CHARGES | 5
USE OF PROCEEDS | 6
COMPARISON OF SWISS LAW AND DELAWARE LAW | 11
DESCRIPTION OF DEBT SECURITIES | 18
DESCRIPTION OF WARRANTS | 24
DESCRIPTION OF UNITS | 25
DESCRIPTION OF SUBSCRIPTION RIGHTS | 28
PLAN OF DISTRIBUTION | 29
LEGAL MATTERS | 31
EXPERTS | 31
WHERE YOU CAN FIND MORE INFORMATION | 31
INCORPORATION OF CERTAIN INFORMATION BY REFERENCE | 31 Table of Contents ABOUT THIS PROSPECTUS This prospectus is a part of a registration statement on Form S-3 that we filed with the Securities and Exchange
Commission, or SEC, utilizing a “shelf” registration process. Under this shelf registration process, we may sell any combination of the securities described in this prospectus in one or more offerings up to a total aggregate offering price
of $300,000,000. This prospectus provides you with a general description of the securities we may offer. Each time we sell securities, we will provide
one or more prospectus supplements that will contain specific information about the terms of the offering. The applicable prospectus supplement may also add, update or change information contained in this prospectus. You should read both this
prospectus and the accompanying prospectus supplement together with the additional information described under the heading “Where You Can Find More Information” beginning on page 31 of this prospectus. You should rely only on the information contained in or incorporated by reference in this prospectus, the accompanying prospectus supplement or in any related
free writing prospectus filed by us with the SEC. We have not authorized anyone to provide you with different information. This prospectus and the accompanying prospectus supplement do not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer
to buy any securities other than the securities described in the accompanying prospectus supplement or an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy such securities in any circumstances in which such offer or solicitation is unlawful. You
should assume that the information appearing in this prospectus, any prospectus supplement, the documents incorporated by reference and any related free writing prospectus is accurate only as of their respective dates. Our business, financial
condition, results of operations and prospects may have changed materially since those dates. Unless the context indicates otherwise, as used in this
prospectus, the terms “CRISPR,” “CRISPR Therapeutics,” “the Company,” “we,” “us” and “our” refer to CRISPR Therapeutics AG, a Swiss stock corporation (Aktiengesellschaft) and its
consolidated subsidiaries. All trademarks or trade names referred to in this prospectus are the property of their respective owners. 1 Table of Contents CRISPR THERAPEUTICS AG Company Overview We are a leading gene editing company
focused on the development of CRISPR/Cas9-based therapeutics. CRISPR/Cas9 stands for C lustered, R egularly I nterspaced S hort P alindromic R epeats (CRISPR) A ssociated protein-9 and is a revolutionary technology for gene editing, the process of precisely altering specific sequences of genomic DNA. We are applying this technology to potentially treat a broad set of both rare
and common diseases by disrupting, correcting or regulating disease-related genes. We believe that our scientific expertise, together with our gene editing approach, may enable an entirely new class of highly effective and potentially curative
treatments for patients for whom current biopharmaceutical approaches have had limited success. Our most advanced programs target beta-thalassemia and sickle cell disease, two hemoglobinopathies that have high unmet medical need. The use of CRISPR/Cas9 for gene editing was derived from a naturally occurring viral defense mechanism in bacteria and has been described by leading
scientific journals as a breakthrough technology. The application of CRISPR/Cas9 for gene editing was co-invented by one of our scientific founders, Dr. Emmanuelle Charpentier, a director of the Max
Planck Institute for Infection Biology in Berlin. Dr. Charpentier and her collaborators published work elucidating the mechanism by which the Cas9 endonuclease, a key component of CRISPR/Cas9, can be programmed to cut double-stranded DNA at
specific locations. We have acquired rights to the foundational intellectual property encompassing CRISPR/Cas9 and related technologies from Dr. Charpentier, and continue to strengthen our intellectual property estate through our own research
and additional in-licensing efforts, furthering our leadership in the development of CRISPR/Cas9-based therapeutics. Our product development and partnership strategies are designed to exploit the full potential of the CRISPR/Cas9 platform while maximizing the probability of
successfully developing our product candidates. We are pursuing a two-pronged product development strategy utilizing both ex vivo and in vivo approaches. Our most advanced programs use an ex
vivo approach, whereby cells are harvested from a patient, treated with a CRISPR/Cas9-based therapeutic and reintroduced. We believe that an ex vivo approach is less technically challenging than an in vivo approach. We have chosen
to conduct our lead programs in hemoglobinopathies given the relative ease of editing genes ex vivo , the significant unmet medical need associated with beta-thalassemia and sickle cell disease and the well-understood genetics of these
diseases. Beyond these lead programs, we are pursuing a number of additional ex vivo applications, as well as select in vivo applications, whereby the CRISPR/Cas9 product candidate is delivered directly to target cells within the human
body. Our initial in vivo applications will leverage well-established delivery technologies for gene-based therapeutics. Given the numerous
potential therapeutic applications for CRISPR/Cas9, we have partnered strategically to broaden the indications we can pursue and accelerate development of programs by accessing specific disease-area expertise. In particular, we established a joint
venture with Bayer AG and its subsidiaries, or Bayer, in which we have a 50% interest, and a collaboration agreement with Vertex Pharmaceuticals Incorporated, or Vertex, in order to pursue specific indications where these companies have outstanding
and distinctive capabilities. The significant resource commitments by our partners underscore the potential of our platform, as well as their dedication to developing transformative CRISPR/Cas9-based treatments. Our mission is to create transformative gene-based medicines for serious human diseases. We believe that our highly experienced team, together with our
scientific expertise, product development strategy, partnerships and intellectual property position us as a leader in the development of CRISPR/Cas9-based therapeutics. We are a Swiss stock corporation (Aktiengesellschaft) organized under the laws of Switzerland. We were incorporated on October 28, 2013 in Basel,
Switzerland. Our principal offices are located at Baarerstrasse 14, 6300 Zug, Switzerland and our principal research operations are in Cambridge, Massachusetts. Our telephone number is +41 561 3277 Our website is located at http://www.crisprtx.com.
We do not incorporate by reference into this prospectus the information on, or accessible through, our website, and you should not consider it as part of this prospectus. 2 Table of Contents RISK FACTORS Investing in our securities involves a high degree of risk. You should carefully review the risks and uncertainties described under the heading “Risk
Factors” contained in the applicable prospectus supplement, and under similar headings in the other documents that are incorporated by reference into this prospectus, before deciding whether to purchase any of the securities being registered
pursuant to the registration statement of which this prospectus is a part. Each of the risk factors could adversely affect our business, operating results and financial condition, as well as adversely affect the value of an investment in our
securities, and the occurrence of any of these risks might cause you to lose all or part of your investment. Additional risks not presently known to us or that we currently believe are immaterial may also significantly impair our business
operations. 3 Table of Contents SPECIAL NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS This prospectus and the documents incorporated by reference contain forward-looking statements. These are based on our management’s current beliefs,
expectations and assumptions about future events, conditions and results and on information currently available to us. Discussions containing these forward-looking statements may be found, among other places, in the Sections entitled
“Business,” “Risk Factors” and “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” incorporated by reference from our most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K and other filings we make with the SEC from time to time, which are incorporated by reference herein in their entirety, together with other information in this prospectus, the information and documents
incorporated by reference in this prospectus, and in any prospectus supplement or free writing prospectus that we authorize for use in connection with this offering. Any statements in this prospectus, or incorporated herein, about our expectations, beliefs, plans, objectives, assumptions or future events or performance are
not historical facts and are forward-looking statements. Within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or the Exchange Act, these forward-looking statements
include statements regarding, among other things, our future discovery and development efforts, our future operating results and financial position, our business strategy, and other objectives for our operations. In some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements by the words “may,” “might,” “can,” “will,” “to
be,” “could,” “would,” “should,” “expect,” “intend,” “plan,” “objective,” “anticipate,” “believe,” “estimate,” “predict,”
“project,” “potential,” “likely,” “continue” and “ongoing,” or the negative of these terms, or other comparable terminology intended to identify statements about the future, although not all
forward-looking statements contain these words. These statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause our actual results, levels of activity, performance or achievements to be materially different from the
information expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. You should refer to the “Risk Factors” section contained in the
applicable prospectus supplement and under similar headings in the other documents that are incorporated by reference into this prospectus, for a discussion of important factors that may cause our actual results to differ materially from those
expressed or implied by our forward-looking statements. Given these risks, uncertainties and other factors, many of which are beyond our control, we cannot assure you that the forward-looking statements in this prospectus will prove to be accurate,
and you should not place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements. Furthermore, if our forward-looking statements prove to be inaccurate, the inaccuracy may be material. In light of the significant uncertainties in these forward-looking
statements, you should not regard these statements as a representation or warranty by us or any other person that we will achieve our objectives and plans in any specified time frame, or at all. Except as required by law, we assume no obligation to update these forward-looking statements publicly, or to revise any forward-looking statements to reflect
events or developments occurring after the date of this prospectus, even if new information becomes available in the future. 4 Table of Contents RATIO OF EARNINGS TO FIXED CHARGES The following table sets forth our ratio of earnings to fixed charges for the periods shown. You should read this table in conjunction with the financial
statements and notes incorporated by reference in this prospectus. Nine Months Ended September 30, 2017 | Years Ended December 31, | Period from October 28, 2013 (inception) to December 31, 2013
2016 | 2015 | 2014
Ratio of Earnings to Fixed Charges | N/A | N/A | N/A | N/A | N/A For purposes of calculating the ratios in the table above, earnings consist of net loss before income taxes. Fixed charges
include any interest expense on indebtedness and an estimate of the interest expense within rental expense. Due to our net losses for periods, earnings
were insufficient to cover fixed charges for such periods and we are unable to disclose a ratio of earnings to fixed charges for such periods. The dollar amount of the deficiency in earnings available for fixed charges for periods was approximately
$68.4 million, $23.2 million, $25.8 million, $6.8 million and $2.1 million, respectively. 5 Table of Contents USE OF PROCEEDS Except as described in any applicable prospectus supplement, we currently intend to use the net proceeds from the sale of the securities offered under this
prospectus for general corporate purposes. General corporate purposes may include research and development and clinical development costs to support the advancement of our product candidates and the expansion of our research development programs;
working capital; capital expenditures; office expansion; and other general corporate purposes. We will set forth in the applicable prospectus supplement our intended use for the net proceeds received from the sale of any securities sold pursuant to
the prospectus supplement. Pending these uses, we intend to invest the net proceeds in investment-grade, interest-bearing securities. 6 Table of Contents The following summary description of our capital shares is based on the provisions of our articles of
association, as well as our organizational rules and the applicable provisions of Swiss law. This information is qualified entirely by reference to the applicable provisions of our articles of association, our organizational rules and Swiss law. For
information on how to obtain copies of our articles of association and organizational rules, which are exhibits to our registration statement on Form S-1 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, see “Where You Can Find Additional
Information.” Share Capital Our
issued share capital is CHF 1,207,610.22 and is fully paid-in. It is divided into 40,253,674 common shares with a nominal value of CHF 0.03 each. Authorized Share Capital As of the date of this
prospectus, our articles of association authorize the board of directors to increase our share capital at any time until June 30, 2018 by a maximum aggregate amount of CHF 353,970.15 through the issuance of not more than 11,799,005 common
shares, which would have to be fully paid-in, with a nominal value of 0.03 CHF each. As of November 1, 2017, we had 41,002,771 common shares outstanding. Ordinary Capital Increase, Authorized And Conditional Share Capital Under Swiss law, we may increase our share capital (Aktienkapital) with a resolution of the general meeting of shareholders (ordinary capital increase)
that must be carried out by the board of directors within three months of the general meeting in order to become effective. Under our articles of association, in the case of subscription and increase against payment of contributions in cash, a
resolution passed by a simple majority of the shares represented at the general meeting of shareholders regardless of abstentions or empty or invalid votes is required. In the case of subscription and increase against contributions in kind or to
fund acquisitions in kind, when shareholders’ statutory pre-emptive rights are withdrawn or where transformation of reserves into share capital is involved, a resolution passed by two-thirds of the shares represented at a general meeting of shareholders and the absolute majority of the nominal amount of the shares represented is required. Furthermore, under the Swiss Code of Obligations, or the CO, our shareholders, by a resolution passed by two-thirds of
the shares represented at a general meeting of shareholders and the absolute majority of the nominal amount of the shares represented, may empower our board of directors to issue shares of a specific aggregate nominal amount up to a maximum of 50%
of the share capital in the form of: • | conditional capital (bedingtes Kapital) for the purpose of issuing shares in connection with, among other things, (i) option and conversion rights granted in connection with convertible bonds of the Company or one of our subsidiaries or (ii) grants of rights to employees, members of our board of directors or consultants of the Company or of one of our subsidiaries or other persons providing services to the Company or a subsidiary to subscribe for new shares (conversion or option rights); or • | authorized capital (genehmigtes Kapital) to be utilized by the board of directors within a period determined by the shareholders but not exceeding two years from the date of the shareholder approval. Pre-Emptive Rights Pursuant to the CO, shareholders have pre-emptive rights (Bezugsrechte) to subscribe for new issuances of
shares. With respect to conditional capital in connection with the issuance of conversion rights, convertible bonds or similar debt instruments, shareholders have advance subscription rights (Vorwegzeichnungsrechte) for the subscription of
conversion rights, convertible bonds or similar debt instruments. A resolution passed at a general meeting of shareholders by two-thirds of the shares represented and the absolute majority of the nominal value of the shares represented may authorize our board of directors to withdraw or limit pre-emptive rights or advance subscription rights in certain circumstances. If pre-emptive rights are granted, but not exercised, the board of directors may allocate the pre-emptive rights as it elects. 7 Table of Contents With respect to our authorized share capital, the board of directors is authorized by our articles of association
to withdraw or to limit the pre-emptive rights of shareholders, and to allocate them to third parties or to us, in the event that the newly issued shares are used for the following purposes: • | if the issue price of the new registered shares is determined by reference to the market price; • | for the acquisition of an enterprise, part(s) of an enterprise or participations, or for the financing or refinancing of any of such transactions, or in the event of share placement for the financing or refinancing of such transactions; • | for purposes of broadening the shareholder constituency of the Company in certain financial or investor markets, for purposes of the participation of strategic partners, or in connection with the listing or registration of new registered shares on domestic or foreign stock exchanges; • | for purposes of granting an over-allotment option of up to 20% of the total number of registered shares in a placement or sale of registered shares to the respective initial purchaser(s) or underwriter(s); • | for raising of capital (including private placements) in a fast and flexible manner which probably could not be reached without the exclusion of the statutory pre-emptive right of the existing shareholders; • | following a shareholder or a group of shareholders acting in concert having accumulated shareholdings in excess of 15% of the share capital registered in the commercial register without having submitted to the other shareholders a takeover offer recommended by the board of directors, or for the defense of an actual, threatened or potential takeover bid, in relation to which the board of directors, upon consultation with an independent financial adviser retained by it, has not recommended to the shareholders acceptance on the basis that the board of directors has not found the takeover bid to be financially fair to the shareholders; or • | for other valid grounds in the sense of Article 652b para. 2 of the CO. Conditional Share
Capital for Bonds and Similar Debt Instruments Our share capital may be increased by a maximum aggregate amount of CHF 147,591.00 through the issuance
of not more than 4,919,700 common shares, which would have to be fully paid-in, with a nominal value of CHF 0.03 each, by the exercise of conversion and/or option or warrant rights granted in connection with
bonds or similar instruments of the Company or one of our subsidiaries, including convertible debt instruments. Shareholders will not have pre-emptive rights in such circumstances. The holders of convertible
bonds are entitled to the new shares upon the occurrence of the applicable conversion feature. When issuing convertible bonds, the board of directors is
authorized to withdraw or to limit the advance right of shareholders to subscribe to the convertible bond issuance: • | for the purpose of financing or refinancing the acquisition of enterprises, divisions thereof, or of participations or of newly planned investments of the Company; or • | if the issuance occurs in international capital markets or through private placements. To the extent that the
advance subscription rights are withdrawn, (i) the instruments are to be issued at market conditions; (ii) the term to exercise the option or conversion rights may not exceed 10 years as of the date of the issuance for warrants and twenty
years for conversion rights; and (iii) the exercise price for the new shares must at least correspond to the market conditions at the time of the issuance of the instruments. Conditional Share Capital for Employee Benefit Plans Our share capital may, to the exclusion of the pre-emptive rights of shareholders, be increased by a maximum aggregate
amount of CHF 372,557.73 through the issuance of not more than 12,418,591 common shares, which would have to be fully paid-in, with a nominal value of CHF 0.03 each, by the exercise of option or conversion
rights that have been granted to employees, members of the board of directors or consultants of the Company or of one of our subsidiaries or other persons providing services to the Company or a subsidiary through one or more employee benefit plans
created by the board of directors. 8 Table of Contents Uncertificated Securities Our shares are uncertificated securities (Wertrechte, within the meaning of art. 973c of the CO) and, when administered by a financial intermediary (Verwahrungsstelle, within the meaning of the Federal Act on Intermediated Securities, “FISA”), qualify as intermediated securities (Bucheffekten, within the meaning of the FISA). In accordance with art. 973c of the CO, we
maintain a non-public register of uncertificated securities (Wertrechtebuch). We may at any time convert uncertificated securities into share certificates (including global certificates), one kind of
certificate into another, or share certificates (including global certificates) into uncertificated securities. Following entry in the share register, a shareholder may at any time request from us a written confirmation in respect of the
shares held by such shareholder, as reflected in the share register. Shareholders are not entitled, however, to request the printing and delivery of certificates. We may print and deliver certificates for shares at any time. Voting Rights The shareholders exercise their
voting rights at the general meetings of shareholders in proportion to the nominal value of the shares belonging to them. The holders of our common shares do not have cumulative voting rights in the election of directors, as cumulative voting is not
permitted under Swiss law. The shares are not divisible. The right to vote and the other rights of share ownership may only be exercised by shareholders (including any nominees) or usufructuaries who are entered in our share register at the cut-off date determined by the board of directors and by persons who are entitled by law to the voting right of a share. Each shareholder may be represented by the independent proxy holder (annually elected by the
general meeting of shareholders), another registered shareholder or third person with written authorization to act as proxy or the shareholder’s legal representative. The requirements regarding powers of attorney and instructions are determined
by the board of directors. Our articles contain provisions that prevent investors from acquiring voting rights exceeding 15% of the outstanding share
capital. Specifically, no individual or legal entity may, directly or indirectly, control voting rights with respect to 15% or more of the registered share capital recorded in the Commercial Register. In the event that a shareholder should exceed
the 15% ownership threshold, the registered shares exceeding the limit of 15% shall be entered in our share registered as shares without voting rights. The board of directors may in special cases approve exceptions to the above regulations. Furthermore, with respect to our authorized share capital, the board of directors is authorized to withdraw or limit the preemptive rights of the shareholders
and to allot them to third parties following a shareholder or a group of shareholders acting in concert having accumulated shareholdings in excess of 15% of the share capital registered in the commercial register without having submitted to the
other shareholders a takeover offer recommended by the board of directors, or for the defense of an actual, threatened or potential takeover bid, in relation to which the board of directors, upon consultation with an independent financial adviser
retained by it, has not recommended to the shareholders acceptance on the basis that the board of directors has not found the takeover bid to be financially fair to the shareholders. Our articles contain provisions that persons who do not expressly declare in the registration application that they are holding the shares on their own
account (thereafter: nominees) shall forthwith be entered on the share register as shareholders with voting rights up to a maximum of 3% of the share capital. Beyond that limit, registered shares of nominees shall only be entered as voting if the
nominees in question confirm in writing that they are willing to disclose the names, addresses and shareholdings of the persons on whose account they hold 0.5% or more of the share capital. The board of directors concludes agreements with nominees
that among other things govern the representation of shareholders and the voting rights. Registration Rights We and some of the holders of our common shares have entered into a registration rights agreement. The registration rights provisions of this agreement provide
those holders with demand, piggyback and Form S-3 registration rights with respect to the common shares currently held by them. Demand Registration Rights The holders
of the registrable securities are entitled to certain demand registration rights. The holders of at least two-thirds (66 2/3%) of the registrable securities then outstanding may make a written request that we
register all or a portion of their registrable securities, subject to certain specified exceptions. Such request for registration must cover securities the aggregate proceeds of which, after payment of underwriting discounts, commissions and other
expenses related to such registration, would exceed $10,000,000. In no event will we be required to effect more than two (2) demand registrations. Piggyback Registration Rights If we
propose to register for offer and sale any of our securities under the Securities Act in another offering for cash, either for our own account or for the account of other security holders, the holders of registrable securities will be entitled to
certain “piggyback” registration rights allowing them to include their registrable securities in such registration, subject to certain marketing and other limitations. As a result, whenever we propose to file a registration statement under
the Securities Act in connection with a public offering for our own account or for the account of any shareholder, the holders of these registrable securities are entitled to notice of the registration and have the right, subject to limitations that
the underwriters may impose on the number of shares included in the registration, to include their registrable securities in the registration. 9 Table of Contents Registration on Form S-3 The holders of registrable securities are entitled to certain Form S-3 registration rights. Any holder of registrable
securities can make a request that we register for offer and sale all or any portion of their registrable securities on Form S-3 or any similar short form registration statement if we are qualified to file a
registration statement on Form S-3, subject to certain specified exceptions. Such request for registration on Form S-3 must cover securities the aggregate offering price
of which, before payment of the underwriting discounts and commissions, equals or exceeds $2.0 million. We will not be required to effect more than one (1) registration on Form S-3 within any 12-month period. Expenses of Registration We will pay all expenses relating to any demand, piggyback or Form S-3 registration, other than underwriting discounts
and commissions, subject to specified conditions and limitations. Termination of Registration Rights The registration rights granted under the registration rights agreement will terminate upon the fifth anniversary of the completion of our initial public
offering, which would be in October 2021, or, if earlier, with respect to a particular holder, at such time as that holder and its affiliates may sell all of their common shares pursuant to Rule 144 under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended,
without any restrictions on volume. 10 Table of Contents COMPARISON OF SWISS LAW AND DELAWARE LAW The Swiss laws applicable to Swiss corporations and their shareholders differ from laws applicable to U.S. corporations and their shareholders.
The following table summarizes significant differences in shareholder rights between the provisions of the Swiss Code of Obligations (Schweizerisches Obligationenrecht) and the Swiss Ordinance against excessive compensation in listed stock
corporations applicable to our Company, as implemented by the Company in its Articles of Association, and the Delaware General Corporation Law applicable to companies incorporated in Delaware and their shareholders. Please note that this is only a
general summary of certain provisions applicable to companies in Delaware. Certain Delaware companies may be permitted to exclude certain of the provisions summarized below in their charter documents. DELAWARE CORPORATE LAW | SWISS CORPORATE LAW
Mergers and similar arrangements
Under the Delaware General Corporation Law, with certain exceptions, a merger, consolidation, sale, lease or transfer of all or substantially all of the assets of a corporation must be approved by the board of directors and a majority of the outstanding shares entitled to vote thereon. A shareholder of a Delaware corporation participating in certain major corporate transactions may, under certain circumstances, be entitled to appraisal rights pursuant to which such shareholder may receive cash in the amount of the fair value of the shares held by such shareholder (as determined by a court) in lieu of the consideration such shareholder would otherwise receive in the transaction. The Delaware General Corporation Law also provides that a parent corporation, by resolution of its board of directors, may merge with any subsidiary, of which it owns at least 90.0% of each class of share capital without a vote by the shareholders of such subsidiary. Upon any such merger, dissenting shareholders of the subsidiary would have appraisal rights. | Under Swiss law, with certain exceptions, a merger or a demerger of the corporation or a sale of all or substantially all of the assets of a corporation must be approved by two-thirds of the voting rights represented at the respective general meeting of shareholders as well as the absolute majority of the nominal value of shares represented at such shareholders’ meeting. A shareholder of a Swiss corporation participating in a statutory merger or demerger pursuant to the Swiss Merger Act (Fusionsgesetz) can file a lawsuit against the surviving company. If the consideration is deemed “inadequate,” such shareholder may, in addition to the consideration (be it in shares or in cash) receive an additional amount to ensure that such shareholder receives the fair value of the shares held by such shareholder. Swiss law also provides that if the merger agreement provides only for a compensation payment, at least 90.0% of all members in the transferring legal entity, who are entitled to vote, shall approve the merger agreement.
Shareholders’ suits
Class actions and derivative actions generally are available to shareholders of a Delaware corporation for, among other things, breach of fiduciary duty, corporate waste and actions not taken in accordance with applicable law. In such actions, the court has discretion to permit the winning party to recover attorneys’ fees incurred in connection with such action. | Class actions and derivative actions as such are not available under Swiss law. Nevertheless, certain actions may have a similar effect. A shareholder is entitled to bring suit against directors for breach of their duties and claim the payment of the company’s losses or damages both to the corporation and, subject to certain conditions, to the individual shareholder and creditors. Likewise, an appraisal lawsuit won by a shareholder may indirectly compensate all shareholders.
Under Swiss law, the winning party is generally entitled to recover or to partially recover attorneys’ fees incurred in connection with such action, provided, however, that the court has broad discretion to permit the shareholder whose claim has been dismissed to recover attorneys’ fees incurred to the extent he or she acted in good faith. 11 Table of Contents DELAWARE CORPORATE LAW | SWISS CORPORATE LAW
Shareholder vote on board and management compensation
Under the Delaware General Corporation Law, the board of directors has the authority to fix the compensation of directors, unless otherwise restricted by the certificate of incorporation or bylaws. | Pursuant to the Swiss Ordinance against excessive compensation in listed stock corporations (Verordnung gegen übermässige Vergütungen bei börsenkotierten Aktiengesellschaften), the general meeting of shareholders has the non-transferable right, amongst others, to vote on the fixed and on the variable compensation of the members of the board of directors, of the executive management and of the advisory boards.
Annual vote on board renewal
Unless directors are elected by written consent in lieu of an annual meeting, directors are elected in an annual meeting of stockholders on a date and at a time designated by or in the manner provided in the bylaws. Re-election is possible. | The general meeting of shareholders elects annually (i.e. term of office until the end of the following general meeting of shareholders) the members of the board of directors and the members of the compensation, committee individually for a term of office of one year. Re-election is possible.
Classified boards are permitted.
Indemnification of directors and executive management and limitation of liability
The Delaware General Corporation Law provides that a certificate of incorporation may contain a provision eliminating or limiting the personal liability of directors (but not other controlling persons) of the corporation for monetary damages for breach of a fiduciary duty as a director, except no provision in the certificate of incorporation may eliminate or limit the liability of a director for: • any breach of a director’s duty of loyalty to the corporation or its shareholders; • acts or omissions not in good faith or which involve intentional misconduct or a knowing violation of law; • statutory liability for unlawful payment of dividends or unlawful stock purchase or redemption; or • any transaction from which the director derived an improper personal benefit. | Under Swiss corporate law, an indemnification by the corporation of a director or member of the executive management in relation to potential personal liability is not effective to the extent the director or member of the executive management intentionally or negligently violated his or her corporate duties towards the corporation. (Certain views advocate that at least a grossly negligent violation is required to exclude the indemnification.) Furthermore, the general meeting of shareholders may discharge the directors and members of the executive management from liability from actions taken during the past financial year. Such discharge is effective only, however, for disclosed facts and only as against the company and those shareholders who approved the discharge or who have since acquired their shares in full knowledge of the discharge. Most violations of corporate law are regarded as violations of duties towards the corporation rather than towards the shareholders. In addition, indemnification of other controlling persons is not permitted under Swiss corporate law, including shareholders of the corporation.
A Delaware corporation may indemnify any person who was or is a party or is threatened to be made a party to any proceeding, other than an action by or on behalf of the corporation, because the person is or was a director or officer, against liability incurred in connection with the proceeding if the director or officer acted in good faith and in a manner reasonably believed to be in, or not opposed to, the best interests of the corporation; and the director or officer, with respect to any criminal action or proceeding, had no reasonable cause to believe his or her conduct was unlawful. | The articles of association of a Swiss corporation may also set forth that the corporation shall indemnify and hold harmless, to the extent permitted by the law, the directors and executive managers out of assets of the corporation against threatened, pending or completed actions. Also, a corporation may enter into and pay for directors’ and officers’ liability insurance which may cover negligent acts as well. 12 Table of Contents DELAWARE CORPORATE LAW | SWISS CORPORATE LAW
Unless ordered by a court, any foregoing indemnification is subject to a determination that the director or officer has met the applicable standard of conduct: • by a majority vote of the directors who are not parties to the proceeding, even though less than a quorum; • by a committee of directors designated by a majority vote of the eligible directors, even though less than a quorum; • by independent legal counsel in a written opinion if there are no eligible directors, or if the eligible directors so direct; or • by the shareholders.
Moreover, a Delaware corporation may not indemnify a director or officer in connection with any proceeding in which the director or officer has been adjudged to be liable to the corporation unless and only to the extent that the court determines that, despite the adjudication of liability but in view of all the circumstances of the case, the director or officer is fairly and reasonably entitled to indemnity for those expenses which the court deems proper.
Directors’ fiduciary duties
A director of a Delaware corporation has a fiduciary duty to the corporation and its shareholders. This duty has two components: • the duty of care; and • the duty of loyalty. The duty of care requires that a director act in good faith, with the care that an ordinarily prudent person would exercise under similar circumstances. Under this duty, a director must inform himself or herself of, and disclose to shareholders, all material information reasonably available regarding a significant transaction. | The board of directors of a Swiss corporation manages the business of the corporation, unless responsibility for such management has been delegated to the executive management (for example by organizational rules and comparable bylaws). However, there are several non-transferable duties of the board of directors: • the overall management of the corporation and the issuing of all necessary directives; • the determination of the corporation’s organization; • the organization of the accounting, financial control and financial planning systems as required for the management of the corporation;
The duty of loyalty requires that a director act in a manner he or she reasonably believes to be in the best interests of the corporation. He or she must not use his or her corporate position for personal gain or advantage. This duty prohibits self-dealing by a director and mandates that the best interest of the corporation and its shareholders take precedence over any interest possessed by a director, officer or controlling shareholder and not shared by the shareholders generally. In general, actions of a director are presumed to have been made on an informed basis, in good faith and in the honest belief that the action taken was in the best interests of the corporation. However, this presumption may be rebutted by evidence of a breach of one of the fiduciary duties. | • the appointment and dismissal of persons entrusted with managing and representing the corporation; • overall supervision of the persons entrusted with managing the corporation, in particular with regard to compliance with the law, articles of association, operational regulations and directives; • compilation of the annual report, preparation for the general meeting, the compensation report and implementation of its resolutions; and • notification of the court in the event that the company is over-indebted. 13 Table of Contents DELAWARE CORPORATE LAW | SWISS CORPORATE LAW
Should such evidence be presented concerning a transaction by a director, a director must prove the procedural fairness of the transaction, and that the transaction was of fair value to the corporation. | The members of the board of directors must perform their duties with all due diligence and safeguard the interests of the corporation in good faith. They must afford the shareholders equal treatment in equal circumstances. The burden of proof for a violation of these duties is with the corporation or with the shareholder bringing a suit against the director.
Shareholder action by written consent
A Delaware corporation may, in its certificate of incorporation, eliminate the right of shareholders to act by written consent. | Shareholders of a Swiss corporation may only exercise their voting rights in a general meeting of shareholders and may not act by written consents. The articles of association must allow for (independent) proxies to be present at a general meeting of shareholders. The instruction of such (independent) proxies may occur in writing or electronically.
Shareholder proposals
A shareholder of a Delaware corporation has the right to put any proposal before the annual meeting of shareholders, provided it complies with the notice provisions in the governing documents. A special meeting may be called by the board of directors or any other person authorized to do so in the governing documents, but shareholders may be precluded from calling special meetings. | At any general meeting of shareholders any shareholder may put proposals to the meeting if the proposal is part of an agenda item. No resolution may be made on proposals relating to the agenda items that were not duly notified. Unless the articles of association provide for a lower threshold or for additional shareholders’ rights: • shareholders together representing at least 10% of the share capital may demand that a general meeting of shareholders be called for specific agenda items and specific proposals; and • shareholders together representing shares with a nominal value of at least CHF 1.0 million may demand that an agenda item including a specific proposal be put on the agenda for a regularly scheduled general meeting of shareholders, provided such request is made with appropriate notice.
Any shareholder can propose candidates for election as directors provided that the election of board members and the names of the candidates have been included as an agenda item. In addition, any shareholder is entitled, at a general meeting of shareholders and without advance notice, to (i) request information from the board on the affairs of the company (note, however, that the right to obtain such information is limited), (ii) request information from the auditors on the methods and results of their audit, (iii) request to convene an extraordinary general meeting or (iv) request to carry out a special audit and to appoint a special auditor. 14 Table of Contents DELAWARE CORPORATE LAW | SWISS CORPORATE LAW
Cumulative voting
Under the Delaware General Corporation Law, cumulative voting for elections of directors is not permitted unless the corporation’s certificate of incorporation provides for it. | Cumulative voting is not permitted under Swiss corporate law. Pursuant to Swiss law, shareholders can vote for each proposed candidate, but they are not allowed to cumulate their votes for single candidates. An annual individual election of (i) all members of the board of directors, (ii) the chairman of the board of directors, (iii) the members of the compensation committee, (iv) the election of the independent proxy for a term of office of one year (i.e. until the following annual general meeting) as well as the vote on the compensation for the members of the board of directors and the executive management as well as for the members of the advisory board, if applicable, is mandatory for listed companies. Re-election is permitted.
Removal of directors
A Delaware corporation with a classified board may be removed only for cause with the approval of a majority of the outstanding shares entitled to vote, unless the certificate of incorporation provides otherwise. | A Swiss corporation may remove, with or without cause, any director at any time with a resolution passed by a simple majority of the shares represented at a general meeting of shareholders. The articles of association may require the approval by a qualified majority of the shares represented at a meeting for the removal of a director.
Transactions with interested shareholders
The Delaware General Corporation Law generally prohibits a Delaware corporation from engaging in certain business combinations with an “interested shareholder” for three years following the date that such person becomes an interested shareholder. An interested shareholder generally is a person or group who or which owns or owned 15.0% or more of the corporation’s outstanding voting stock within the past three years. | No such rule applies to a Swiss corporation.
Dissolution; Winding up
Unless the board of directors of a Delaware corporation approves the proposal to dissolve, dissolution must be approved by shareholders holding 100.0% of the total voting power of the corporation. Only if the dissolution is initiated by the board of directors may it be approved by a simple majority of the corporation’s outstanding shares. Delaware law allows a Delaware corporation to include in its certificate of incorporation a supermajority voting requirement in connection with dissolutions initiated by the board. | A dissolution of a Swiss corporation requires the approval by two-thirds of the voting rights represented as well as the absolute majority of the nominal value of the share capital represented at a general meeting of shareholders passing a resolution on such dissolution. The articles of association may increase the voting thresholds required for such a resolution. 15 Table of Contents DELAWARE CORPORATE LAW | SWISS CORPORATE LAW
Variation of rights of shares
A Delaware corporation may vary the rights of a class of shares with the approval of a majority of the outstanding shares of such class, unless the certificate of incorporation provides otherwise. | The general shareholder meeting of a Swiss corporation may resolve that preference shares be issued or that existing shares be converted into preference shares with a resolution passed by a simple majority of the shares represented at the general meeting of shareholders. Where a company has issued preference shares, further preference shares conferring preferential rights over the existing preference shares may be issued only with the consent of both a special meeting of the adversely affected holders of the existing preference shares and of a general meeting of all shareholders, unless otherwise provided in the articles of association. Shares with preferential voting rights are not regarded a special class for these purposes.
Amendment of governing documents
A Delaware corporation’s governing documents may be amended with the approval of a majority of the outstanding shares entitled to vote, unless the certificate of incorporation provides otherwise. | The articles of association of a Swiss corporation may be amended with a resolution passed by a simple majority of the shares represented at such meeting, unless otherwise provided in the articles of association. There are a number of resolutions, such as an amendment of the stated purpose of the corporation, the introduction of authorized and conditional capital and the introduction of shares with preferential voting rights that require the approval by two-thirds of the voting rights represented and an absolute majority of the nominal value of the shares represented at a shareholders’ meeting. The articles of association may increase the voting thresholds.
Inspection of books and records
Shareholders of a Delaware corporation, upon written demand under oath stating the purpose thereof, have the right during the usual hours for business to inspect for any proper purpose, and to obtain copies of list(s) of shareholders and other books and records of the corporation and its subsidiaries, if any, to the extent the books and records of such subsidiaries are available to the corporation. | Shareholders of a Swiss corporation may only inspect books and records if the general meeting of shareholders or the board of directors approved such inspection. The information may be refused where providing it would jeopardize the corporation’s trade secrets or other interests warranting protection. A shareholder is only entitled to receive information to the extent required to exercise such shareholders’ rights, subject to the interests of the corporation. The right to inspect the share register is limited to the right to inspect that shareholder’s own entry in the share register.
Payment of dividends
The board of directors may approve a dividend without shareholder approval. Subject to any restrictions contained in its certificate of incorporation, the board may declare and pay dividends upon the shares of its share capital either: • out of its surplus; or • in case there is no such surplus, out of its net profits for the fiscal year in which the dividend is declared and/or the preceding fiscal year. Stockholder approval is required to authorize share capital in excess of that provided in the charter. Directors may issue authorized shares without stockholder approval. | Dividend payments are subject to the approval of the general meeting of shareholders. The board of directors may propose to shareholders that a dividend shall be paid but cannot itself authorize the distribution. Payments out of the Company’s share capital (in other words, the aggregate nominal value of the Company’s registered share capital) in the form of dividends are not allowed; however, payments out of share capital may be made by way of a capital reduction only. Dividends may be paid only from the profits brought forward from the previous business years or if the Company has distributable reserves, each as will be presented on the Company’s audited annual stand-alone balance sheet. The dividend may be determined only after the allocations to reserves required by the law and the articles of association have been deducted. 16 Table of Contents DELAWARE CORPORATE LAW | SWISS CORPORATE LAW
Creation and issuance of new shares
All creation of shares require the board of directors to adopt a resolution or resolutions, pursuant to authority expressly vested in the board of directors by the provisions of the company’s certificate of incorporation. | All creation of shares requires a shareholders’ resolution. An authorized or contingent capital increase requires at least two-thirds of the voting rights represented at the general meeting of shareholders and an absolute majority of the nominal value of shares represented. Authorized shares can be, once created by shareholder resolution, issued by the board of directors (subject to fulfillment of the authorization). Conditional shares are created and issued through the exercise of options and conversion rights related to debt instruments issued by the board of directors or such rights issued to employees. Transfer Agent And Registrar The transfer agent and registrar for our common shares is American Stock Transfer & Trust Company, and its address is 6201 5th Street, Brooklyn, NY
11219. Listing on the NASDAQ Global Market Our
common shares are listed on the NASDAQ Global Market under the symbol “CRSP.” 17 Table of Contents DESCRIPTION OF DEBT SECURITIES This section describes the general terms and provisions of our debt securities that we may issue from time to time. We may issue debt securities, in one or
more series, as either senior or subordinated debt or as senior or subordinated convertible debt. While the terms we have summarized below will apply generally to any future debt securities we may offer under this prospectus, the applicable
prospectus supplement will describe the specific terms of any debt securities offered through that prospectus supplement. The terms of any debt securities we offer under a prospectus supplement may differ from the terms we describe below. Unless the
context requires otherwise, whenever we refer to the “indentures,” we also are referring to any supplemental indentures that specify the terms of a particular series of debt securities. We will issue any senior debt securities under the senior indenture that we will enter into with the trustee named in the senior indenture. We will issue any
subordinated debt securities under the subordinated indenture that we will enter into with the trustee named in the subordinated indenture. We have filed forms of these documents as exhibits to the registration statement, of which this prospectus is
a part, and supplemental indentures and forms of debt securities containing the terms of the debt securities being offered will be filed as exhibits to the registration statement of which this prospectus is a part or will be incorporated by
reference from reports that we file with the SEC. The indentures will be qualified under the Trust Indenture Act of 1939, as amended, or the Trust
Indenture Act. We use the term “trustee” to refer to either the trustee under the senior indenture or the trustee under the subordinated indenture, as applicable. The following summaries of material provisions of the senior debt securities, the subordinated debt securities and the indentures are subject to, and
qualified in their entirety by reference to, all of the provisions of the indenture applicable to a particular series of debt securities. We urge you to read the applicable prospectus supplement and any related free writing prospectuses related to
the debt securities that we may offer under this prospectus, as well as the complete applicable indenture that contains the terms of the debt securities. Except as we may otherwise indicate, the terms of the senior indenture and the subordinated
indenture are identical. General We will
describe in the applicable prospectus supplement the terms of the series of debt securities being offered, including: • | the title; • | the principal amount being offered, and if a series, the total amount authorized and the total amount outstanding; • | any limit on the amount that may be issued; • | whether or not we will issue the series of debt securities in global form, and, if so, the terms and who the depository will be; • | the maturity date; • | whether and under what circumstances, if any, we will pay additional amounts on any debt securities held by a person who is not a United States person for tax purposes, and whether we can redeem the debt securities if we have to pay such additional amounts; • | the annual interest rate, which may be fixed or variable, or the method for determining the rate and the date interest will begin to accrue, the dates interest will be payable and the regular record dates for interest payment dates or the method for determining such dates; • | whether or not the debt securities will be secured or unsecured, and the terms of any secured debt; • | the terms of the subordination of any series of subordinated debt; • | the place where payments will be payable; • | restrictions on transfer, sale or other assignment, if any; • | our right, if any, to defer payment of interest and the maximum length of any such deferral period; • | the date, if any, after which, the conditions upon which, and the price at which, we may, at our option, redeem the series of debt securities pursuant to any optional or provisional redemption provisions and the terms of those redemption provisions; 18 Table of Contents • | the date, if any, on which, and the price at which we are obligated, pursuant to any mandatory sinking fund or analogous fund provisions or otherwise, to redeem, or at the holder’s option, to purchase, the series of debt securities and the currency or currency unit in which the debt securities are payable; • | whether the indenture will restrict our ability or the ability of our subsidiaries to: • | incur additional indebtedness; • | issue additional securities; • | create liens; • | pay dividends or make distributions in respect of our share capital or the share capital of our subsidiaries; • | redeem share capital; • | place restrictions on our subsidiaries’ ability to pay dividends, make distributions or transfer assets; • | make investments or other restricted payments; • | sell or otherwise dispose of assets; • | enter into sale-leaseback transactions; • | engage in transactions with shareholders or affiliates; • | issue or sell shares of our subsidiaries; or • | effect a consolidation or merger; • | whether the indenture will require us to maintain any interest coverage, fixed charge, cash flow-based, asset-based or other financial ratios; • | a discussion of certain material or special United States federal income tax considerations applicable to the debt securities; • | information describing any book-entry features; • | provisions for a sinking fund purchase or other analogous fund, if any; • | the applicability of the provisions in the indenture on discharge; • | whether the debt securities are to be offered at a price such that they will be deemed to be offered at an “original issue discount” as defined in paragraph (a) of Section 1273 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended; • | the denominations in which we will issue the series of debt securities, if other than denominations of $1,000 and any integral multiple thereof; • | the currency of payment of debt securities if other than U.S. dollars and the manner of determining the equivalent amount in U.S. dollars; and • | any other specific terms, preferences, rights or limitations of, or restrictions on, the debt securities, including any additional events of default or covenants provided with respect to the debt securities, and any terms that may be required by us or advisable under applicable laws or regulations or advisable in connection with the marketing of the debt securities. Conversion or Exchange Rights We will set forth
in the applicable prospectus supplement the terms on which a series of debt securities may be convertible into or exchangeable for our common shares or other securities (including securities of a third-party). We will include provisions as to
whether conversion or exchange is mandatory, at the option of the holder or at our option. We may include provisions pursuant to which the number of our common shares or other securities (including securities of a third-party) that the holders of
the series of debt securities receive would be subject to adjustment. 19 Table of Contents Consolidation, Merger or Sale Unless we provide otherwise in the prospectus supplement applicable to a particular series of debt securities, the indentures will not contain any covenant
that restricts our ability to merge or consolidate, or sell, convey, transfer or otherwise dispose of all or substantially all of our assets. However, any successor to or acquirer of such assets must assume all of our obligations under the
indentures or the debt securities, as appropriate. If the debt securities are convertible into or exchangeable for other securities of ours or securities of other entities, the person with whom we consolidate or merge or to whom we sell all of our
property must make provisions for the conversion of the debt securities into securities that the holders of the debt securities would have received if they had converted the debt securities before the consolidation, merger or sale. Events of Default Under the Indenture Unless we
provide otherwise in the prospectus supplement applicable to a particular series of debt securities, the following are events of default under the indentures with respect to any series of debt securities that we may issue: • | if we fail to pay interest when due and payable and our failure continues for 90 days and the time for payment has not been extended; • | if we fail to pay the principal, premium or sinking fund payment, if any, when due and payable at maturity, upon redemption or repurchase or otherwise, and the time for payment has not been extended; • | if we fail to observe or perform any other covenant contained in the debt securities or the indentures, other than a covenant specifically relating to another series of debt securities, and our failure continues for 90 days after we receive notice from the trustee or holders of at least 25% in aggregate principal amount of the outstanding debt securities of the applicable series; and • | if specified events of bankruptcy, insolvency or reorganization occur. We will describe in each applicable
prospectus supplement any additional events of default relating to the relevant series of debt securities. If an event of default with respect to debt
securities of any series occurs and is continuing, other than an event of default specified in the last bullet point above, the trustee or the holders of at least 25% in aggregate principal amount of the outstanding debt securities of that series,
by notice to us in writing, and to the trustee if notice is given by such holders, may declare the unpaid principal, premium, if any, and accrued interest, if any, due and payable immediately. If an event of default specified in the last bullet
point above occurs with respect to us, the unpaid principal, premium, if any, and accrued interest, if any, of each issue of debt securities then outstanding shall be due and payable without any notice or other action on the part of the trustee or
any holder. The holders of a majority in principal amount of the outstanding debt securities of an affected series may waive any default or event of
default with respect to the series and its consequences, except defaults or events of default regarding payment of principal, premium, if any, or interest, unless we have cured the default or event of default in accordance with the indenture. Any
waiver shall cure the default or event of default. Subject to the terms of the indentures, if an event of default under an indenture shall occur and be
continuing, the trustee will be under no obligation to exercise any of its rights or powers under such indenture at the request or direction of any of the holders of the applicable series of debt securities, unless such holders have offered the
trustee reasonable indemnity or security satisfactory to it against any loss, liability or expense. The holders of a majority in principal amount of the outstanding debt securities of any series will have the right to direct the time, method and
place of conducting any proceeding for any remedy available to the trustee, or exercising any trust or power conferred on the trustee, with respect to the debt securities of that series, provided that: • | the direction so given by the holder is not in conflict with any law or the applicable indenture; and • | subject to its duties under the Trust Indenture Act, the trustee need not take any action that might involve it in personal liability or might be unduly prejudicial to the holders not involved in the proceeding. A holder of the debt securities of any series will have the right to institute a proceeding under the indentures or to appoint a receiver
or trustee, or to seek other remedies if: • | the holder has given written notice to the trustee of a continuing event of default with respect to that series; • | the holders of at least 25% in aggregate principal amount of the outstanding debt securities of that series have made written request, and such holders have offered reasonable indemnity to the trustee or security satisfactory to it against any loss, liability or expense or to be incurred in compliance with instituting the proceeding as trustee; and 20 Table of Contents • | the trustee does not institute the proceeding, and does not receive from the holders of a majority in aggregate principal amount of the outstanding debt securities of that series other conflicting directions within 90 days after the notice, request and offer. These limitations do not apply to a suit instituted by a holder of debt securities if we
default in the payment of the principal, premium, if any, or interest on, the debt securities, or other defaults that may be specified in the applicable prospectus supplement. We will periodically file statements with the trustee regarding our compliance with specified covenants in the indentures. Modification of Indenture; Waiver Subject to the
terms of the indenture for any series of debt securities that we may issue, we and the trustee may change an indenture without the consent of any holders with respect to the following specific matters: • | to fix any ambiguity, defect or inconsistency in the indenture; • | to comply with the provisions described above under “Description of Our Debt Securities—Consolidation, Merger or Sale;” • | to comply with any requirements of the SEC in connection with the qualification of any indenture under the Trust Indenture Act; • | to add to, delete from or revise the conditions, limitations, and restrictions on the authorized amount, terms, or purposes of issue, authentication and delivery of debt securities, as set forth in the indenture; • | to provide for the issuance of and establish the form and terms and conditions of the debt securities of any series as provided under “Description of Debt Securities—General,” to establish the form of any certifications required to be furnished pursuant to the terms of the indenture or any series of debt securities, or to add to the rights of the holders of any series of debt securities; • | to evidence and provide for the acceptance of appointment hereunder by a successor trustee; • | to provide for uncertificated debt securities and to make all appropriate changes for such purpose; • | to add to our covenants such new covenants, restrictions, conditions or provisions for the benefit of the holders, to make the occurrence, or the occurrence and the continuance, of a default in any such additional covenants, restrictions, conditions or provisions an event of default or to surrender any right or power conferred to us in the indenture; or • | to change anything that does not materially adversely affect the interests of any holder of debt securities of any series. In addition, under the indentures, the rights of holders of a series of debt securities may be changed by us and the trustee with the written consent of the
holders of at least a majority in aggregate principal amount of the outstanding debt securities of each series that is affected. However, subject to the terms of the indenture for any series of debt securities that we may issue or as otherwise
provided in the prospectus supplement applicable to a particular series of debt securities, we and the trustee may make the following changes only with the consent of each holder of any outstanding debt securities affected: • | extending the stated maturity of the series of debt securities; • | reducing the principal amount, reducing the rate of or extending the time of payment of interest, or reducing any premium payable upon the redemption or repurchase of any debt securities; or • | reducing the percentage of debt securities, the holders of which are required to consent to any amendment, supplement, modification or waiver. Discharge Each indenture provides that, subject
to the terms of the indenture and any limitation otherwise provided in the prospectus supplement applicable to a particular series of debt securities, we can elect to be discharged from our obligations with respect to one or more series of debt
securities, except for specified obligations, including obligations to: • | register the transfer or exchange of debt securities of the series; 21 Table of Contents • | replace stolen, lost or mutilated debt securities of the series; • | maintain paying agencies; • | hold monies for payment in trust; • | recover excess money held by the trustee; • | compensate and indemnify the trustee; and • | appoint any successor trustee. In order to exercise our rights to be discharged, we must deposit with the
trustee money or government obligations sufficient to pay all the principal of, any premium and interest on, the debt securities of the series on the dates payments are due. Form, Exchange and Transfer We will issue the
debt securities of each series only in fully registered form without coupons and, unless we otherwise specify in the applicable prospectus supplement, in denominations of $1,000 and any integral multiple thereof. The indentures provide that we may
issue debt securities of a series in temporary or permanent global form and as book-entry securities that will be deposited with, or on behalf of, The Depository Trust Company or another depository named by us and identified in a prospectus
supplement with respect to that series. At the option of the holder, subject to the terms of the indentures and the limitations applicable to global
securities described in the applicable prospectus supplement, the holder of the debt securities of any series can exchange the debt securities for other debt securities of the same series, in any authorized denomination and of like tenor and
aggregate principal amount. Subject to the terms of the indentures and the limitations applicable to global securities set forth in the applicable
prospectus supplement, holders of the debt securities may present the debt securities for exchange or for registration of transfer, duly endorsed or with the form of transfer endorsed thereon duly executed if so required by us or the security
registrar, at the office of the security registrar or at the office of any transfer agent designated by us for this purpose. Unless otherwise provided in the debt securities that the holder presents for transfer or exchange, we will make no service
charge for any registration of transfer or exchange, but we may require payment of any taxes or other governmental charges. We will name in the
applicable prospectus supplement the security registrar, and any transfer agent in addition to the security registrar, that we initially designate for any debt securities. We may at any time designate additional transfer agents or rescind the
designation of any transfer agent or approve a change in the office through which any transfer agent acts, except that we will be required to maintain a transfer agent in each place of payment for the debt securities of each series. If we elect to
redeem the debt securities of any series, we will not be required to: • | issue, register the transfer of, or exchange any debt securities of that series during a period beginning at the opening of business 15 days before the day of mailing of a notice of redemption of any debt securities that may be selected for redemption and ending at the close of business on the day of the mailing; or • | register the transfer of or exchange any debt securities so selected for redemption, in whole or in part, except the unredeemed portion of any debt securities we are redeeming in part. Information Concerning the Trustee The trustee,
other than during the occurrence and continuance of an event of default under an indenture, undertakes to perform only those duties as are specifically set forth in the applicable indenture. Upon an event of default under an indenture, the trustee
must use the same degree of care as a prudent person would exercise or use in the conduct of his or her own affairs. Subject to this provision, the
trustee is under no obligation to exercise any of the powers given it by the indentures at the request of any holder of debt securities unless it is offered reasonable security and indemnity against the costs, expenses and liabilities that it might
incur. 22 Table of Contents Payment and Paying Agents Unless we otherwise indicate in the applicable prospectus supplement, we will make payment of the interest on any debt securities on any interest payment date
to the person in whose name the debt securities, or one or more predecessor securities, are registered at the close of business on the regular record date for the interest. We will pay principal of and any premium and interest on the debt securities of a particular series at the office of the paying agents designated by us,
except that unless we otherwise indicate in the applicable prospectus supplement, we will make interest payments by check that we will mail to the holder or by wire transfer to certain holders. Unless we otherwise indicate in the applicable
prospectus supplement, we will designate the corporate trust office of the trustee as our sole paying agent for payments with respect to debt securities of each series. We will name in the applicable prospectus supplement any other paying agents
that we initially designate for the debt securities of a particular series. We will maintain a paying agent in each place of payment for the debt securities of a particular series. All money we pay to a paying agent or the trustee for the payment of the principal of or any premium or interest on any debt securities that remains unclaimed
at the end of two years after such principal, premium or interest has become due and payable will be repaid to us, and the holder of the debt security thereafter may look only to us for payment thereof. Governing Law The indentures and the debt
securities will be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York, except to the extent that the Trust Indenture Act is applicable. Ranking of Debt Securities The subordinated debt
securities will be subordinate and junior in priority of payment to certain of our other indebtedness to the extent described in a prospectus supplement. The subordinated indenture does not limit the amount of subordinated debt securities that we
may issue. It also does not limit us from issuing any other secured or unsecured debt. The senior debt securities will rank equally in right of payment
to all our other senior unsecured debt. The senior indenture does not limit the amount of senior debt securities that we may issue. It also does not limit us from issuing any other secured or unsecured debt. 23 Table of Contents DESCRIPTION OF WARRANTS The following description, together with the additional information we may include in any applicable prospectus supplements, summarizes the material terms and
provisions of the warrants that we may offer under this prospectus and the related warrant agreements and warrant certificates. While the terms summarized below will apply generally to any warrants that we may offer, we will describe the particular
terms of any series of warrants in more detail in the applicable prospectus supplement. If we indicate in the prospectus supplement, the terms of any warrants offered under that prospectus supplement may differ from the terms described below.
Specific warrant agreements will contain additional important terms and provisions and will be incorporated by reference as an exhibit to the registration statement, which includes this prospectus. General We may issue warrants for the purchase of common
shares and/or debt securities in one or more series. We may issue warrants independently or together with common shares and/or debt securities, and the warrants may be attached to or separate from these securities. We will evidence each series of warrants by warrant certificates that we will issue under a separate warrant agreement. We will enter into the warrant
agreement with a warrant agent. We will indicate the name and address of the warrant agent in the applicable prospectus supplement relating to a particular series of warrants. We will describe in the applicable prospectus supplement the terms of the series of warrants, including: • | the offering price and aggregate number of warrants offered; • | the currency for which the warrants may be purchased; • | if applicable, the designation and terms of the securities with which the warrants are issued and the number of warrants issued with each such security or each principal amount of such security; • | if applicable, the date on and after which the warrants and the related securities will be separately transferable; • | in the case of warrants to purchase debt securities, the principal amount of debt securities purchasable upon exercise of one warrant and the price at, and currency in which, this principal amount of debt securities may be purchased upon such exercise; • | in the case of warrants to purchase common shares, the number of common shares purchasable upon the exercise of one warrant and the price at which these shares may be purchased upon such exercise; • | the effect of any merger, consolidation, sale or other disposition of our business on the warrant agreement and the warrants; • | the terms of any rights to redeem or call the warrants; • | any provisions for changes to or adjustments in the exercise price or number of securities issuable upon exercise of the warrants; • | the periods during which, and places at which, the warrants are exercisable; • | the manner of exercise; • | the dates on which the right to exercise the warrants will commence and expire; • | the manner in which the warrant agreement and warrants may be modified; • | federal income tax consequences of holding or exercising the warrants; • | the terms of the securities issuable upon exercise of the warrants; and • | any other specific terms, preferences, rights or limitations of or restrictions on the warrants. 24 Table of Contents DESCRIPTION OF UNITS We may issue units comprised of common shares, debt securities and warrants in any combination. We may issue units in such amounts and in as many distinct
series as we wish. This section outlines certain provisions of the units that we may issue. If we issue units, they will be issued under one or more unit agreements to be entered into between us and a bank or other financial institution, as unit
agent. The information described in this section may not be complete in all respects and is qualified entirely by reference to the unit agreement with respect to the units of any particular series. The specific terms of any series of units offered
will be described in the applicable prospectus supplement. If so described in a particular supplement, the specific terms of any series of units may differ from the general description of terms presented below. We urge you to read any prospectus
supplement related to any series of units we may offer, as well as the complete unit agreement and unit certificate that contain the terms of the units. If we issue units, forms of unit agreements and unit certificates relating to such units will be
incorporated by reference as exhibits to the registration statement, which includes this prospectus. Each unit that we may issue will be issued so that
the holder of the unit is also the holder of each security included in the unit. Thus, the holder of a unit will have the rights and obligations of a holder of each included security. The unit agreement under which a unit is issued may provide that
the securities included in the unit may not be held or transferred separately, at any time or at any time before a specified date. The applicable prospectus supplement may describe: • | the designation and terms of the units and of the securities comprising the units, including whether and under what circumstances those securities may be held or transferred separately; • | any provisions of the governing unit agreement; • | the price or prices at which such units will be issued; • | the applicable United States federal income tax considerations relating to the units; • | any provisions for the issuance, payment, settlement, transfer or exchange of the units or of the securities comprising the units; and • | any other terms of the units and of the securities comprising the units. The provisions described in this
section, as well as those described under “Description of Share Capital,” “Description of Debt Securities” and “Description of Warrants” will apply to the securities included in each unit, to the extent relevant and as
may be updated in any prospectus supplements. Issuance in Series We may issue units in such amounts and in as many distinct series as we wish. This section summarizes terms of the units that apply generally to all series.
Most of the financial and other specific terms of a particular series of units will be described in the applicable prospectus supplement. Unit
Agreements We will issue the units under one or more unit agreements to be entered into between us and a bank or other financial institution, as unit
agent. We may add, replace or terminate unit agents from time to time. We will identify the unit agreement under which each series of units will be issued and the unit agent under that agreement in the applicable prospectus supplement. The following provisions will generally apply to all unit agreements unless otherwise stated in the applicable prospectus supplement: Modification Without Consent We and the
applicable unit agent may amend any unit or unit agreement without the consent of any holder: • | to cure any ambiguity; any provisions of the governing unit agreement that differ from those described below; • | to correct or supplement any defective or inconsistent provision; or • | to make any other change that we believe is necessary or desirable and will not adversely affect the interests of the affected holders in any material respect. 25 Table of Contents We do not need any approval to make changes that affect only units to be issued after the changes take effect. We
may also make changes that do not adversely affect a particular unit in any material respect, even if they adversely affect other units in a material respect. In those cases, we do not need to obtain the approval of the holder of the unaffected
unit; we need only obtain any required approvals from the holders of the affected units. Modification with Consent We may not amend any particular unit or a unit agreement with respect to any particular unit unless we obtain the consent of the holder of that unit, if the
amendment would: • | impair any right of the holder to exercise or enforce any right under a security included in the unit if the terms of that security require the consent of the holder to any changes that would impair the exercise or enforcement of that right; or • | reduce the percentage of outstanding units or any series or class the consent of whose holders is required to amend that series or class, or the applicable unit agreement with respect to that series or class, as described below. Any other change to a particular unit agreement and the units issued under that agreement would require the following
approval: • | If the change affects only the units of a particular series issued under that agreement, the change must be approved by the holders of a majority of the outstanding units of that series; or • | If the change affects the units of more than one series issued under that agreement, it must be approved by the holders of a majority of all outstanding units of all series affected by the change, with the units of all the affected series voting together as one class for this purpose. These provisions regarding changes with majority approval also apply to
changes affecting any securities issued under a unit agreement, as the governing document. In each case, the required approval must be given by written
consent. Unit Agreements Will Not Be Qualified Under Trust Indenture Act No unit agreement will be qualified as an indenture, and no unit agent will be required to qualify as a trustee, under the Trust Indenture Act. Therefore,
holders of units issued under unit agreements will not have the protections of the Trust Indenture Act with respect to their units. Mergers and
Similar Transactions Permitted; No Restrictive Covenants or Events of Default The unit agreements will not restrict our ability to merge or
consolidate with, or sell our assets to, another corporation or other entity or to engage in any other transactions. If at any time we merge or consolidate with, or sell our assets substantially as an entirety to, another corporation or other
entity, the successor entity will succeed to and assume our obligations under the unit agreements. We will then be relieved of any further obligation under these agreements. The unit agreements will not include any restrictions on our ability to put liens on our assets, nor will they restrict our ability to sell our assets. The
unit agreements also will not provide for any events of default or remedies upon the occurrence of any events of default. Governing Law The unit agreements and the units will be governed by New York law. Form, Exchange and Transfer We will issue each
unit in global—i.e., book-entry—form only. Units in book-entry form will be represented by a global security registered in the name of a depositary, which will be the holder of all the units represented by the global security. Those who
own beneficial interests in a unit will do so through participants in the depositary’s system, and the rights of these indirect owners will be governed solely by the applicable procedures of the depositary and its participants. We will describe
book-entry securities, and other terms regarding the issuance and registration of the units in the applicable prospectus supplement. 26 Table of Contents Each unit and all securities comprising the unit will be issued in the same form. If we issue any units in registered, non-global form, the following will apply to them. The units will be issued in the denominations stated in the applicable prospectus supplement. Holders may exchange their units for units of smaller
denominations or combined into fewer units of larger denominations, as long as the total amount is not changed. • | Holders may exchange or transfer their units at the office of the unit agent. Holders may also replace lost, stolen, destroyed or mutilated units at that office. We may appoint another entity to perform these functions or perform them ourselves. • | Holders will not be required to pay a service charge to transfer or exchange their units, but they may be required to pay for any tax or other governmental charge associated with the transfer or exchange. The transfer or exchange, and any replacement, will be made only if our transfer agent is satisfied with the holder’s proof of legal ownership. The transfer agent may also require an indemnity before replacing any units. • | If we have the right to redeem, accelerate or settle any units before their maturity, and we exercise our right as to less than all those units or other securities, we may block the exchange or transfer of those units during the period beginning fifteen (15) days before the day we mail the notice of exercise and ending on the day of that mailing, in order to freeze the list of holders to prepare the mailing. We may also refuse to register transfers of or exchange any unit selected for early settlement, except that we will continue to permit transfers and exchanges of the unsettled portion of any unit being partially settled. We may also block the transfer or exchange of any unit in this manner if the unit includes securities that are or may be selected for early settlement. Only the depositary will be entitled to transfer or exchange
a unit in global form, since it will be the sole holder of the unit. Payments and Notices In making payments and giving notices with respect to our units, we will follow the procedures as described in the applicable prospectus supplement. 27 Table of Contents DESCRIPTION OF OUR SUBSCRIPTION RIGHTS The following is a general description of the terms of the subscription rights we may issue from time to time. Particular terms of any
subscription rights we offer will be described in the prospectus supplement or free writing prospectus relating to such subscription rights, and may differ from the terms described herein. We may issue subscription rights to purchase our securities. These subscription rights may be issued independently or together with any other security offered
hereby and may or may not be transferable by the shareholder receiving the subscription rights in such offering. In connection with any offering of subscription rights, we may enter into a standby arrangement with one or more underwriters or other
purchasers pursuant to which the underwriters or other purchasers may be required to purchase any securities remaining unsubscribed for after such offering. The applicable prospectus supplement will describe the specific terms of any offering of subscription rights for which this prospectus is being delivered,
including the following: • | whether common shares, preferred shares or warrants for those securities will be offered under the shareholder subscription rights; • | the price, if any, for the subscription rights; • | the exercise price payable for each security upon the exercise of the subscription rights; • | the number of subscription rights issued to each shareholder; • | the number and terms of the securities which may be purchased per each subscription right; • | the extent to which the subscription rights are transferable; • | any other terms of the subscription rights, including the terms, procedures and limitations relating to the exchange and exercise of the subscription rights; • | the date on which the right to exercise the subscription rights shall commence, and the date on which the subscription rights shall expire; • | the extent to which the subscription rights may include an over-subscription privilege with respect to unsubscribed securities; • | if appropriate, a discussion of material U.S. federal income tax considerations; and • | if applicable, the material terms of any standby underwriting or purchase arrangement entered into by us in connection with the offering of subscription rights. The description in the applicable prospectus supplement of any subscription rights we offer will not necessarily be complete and will be qualified in its
entirety by reference to the applicable subscription rights certificate or subscription rights agreement, which will be filed with the SEC if we offer subscription rights. Standby Arrangements If fewer than all of the
subscription rights issued in any rights offering are exercised, we may offer any unsubscribed securities directly to persons other than shareholders, to or through agents, underwriters or dealers or through a combination of such methods, including
pursuant to standby arrangements, as described in the applicable prospectus supplement. 28 Table of Contents PLAN OF DISTRIBUTION We may sell the securities from time to time pursuant to underwritten public offerings, negotiated transactions, block trades or a combination of these
methods. We may sell the securities to or through underwriters or dealers, through agents, or directly to one or more purchasers. We may distribute securities from time to time in one or more transactions: • | at a fixed price or prices, which may be changed; • | at market prices prevailing at the time of sale; • | at prices related to such prevailing market prices; or • | at negotiated prices. We may also sell equity securities covered by this registration statement in an “at–the-market offering” as defined in Rule 415 under the Securities Act. Such offering may be made into an existing trading market for such securities in transactions at other than a fixed price on
or through the facilities of the NASDAQ Global Market or any other securities exchange or quotation or trading service on which such securities may be listed, quoted or traded at the time of sale. Such at-the-market offerings, if any, may be conducted by underwriters acting
as principal or agent. A prospectus supplement or supplements will describe the terms of the offering of the securities, including, to the extent
applicable: • | the name or names of any underwriters, dealers or agents, if any; • | the purchase price of the securities and the proceeds we will receive from the sale; • | any over-allotment options under which underwriters may purchase additional securities from us; • | any agency fees or underwriting discounts and other items constituting agents’ or underwriters’ compensation; • | any public offering price; • | any discounts or concessions allowed or re-allowed or paid to dealers; • | the terms of any subscription rights; and • | any securities exchange or market on which the securities may be listed. Only underwriters named in the
prospectus supplement are underwriters of the securities offered by the prospectus supplement. If underwriters are used in the sale, they will acquire
the securities for their own account and may resell the securities from time to time in one or more transactions at a fixed public offering price or at varying prices determined at the time of sale. The obligations of the underwriters to purchase
the securities will be subject to the conditions set forth in the applicable underwriting agreement. We may offer the securities to the public through underwriting syndicates represented by managing underwriters or by underwriters without a
syndicate. Subject to certain conditions, the underwriters will be obligated to purchase all of the securities offered by the prospectus supplement. Any public offering price and any discounts or concessions allowed or reallowed or paid to dealers
may change from time to time. We may use underwriters with whom we have a material relationship. We will describe in the prospectus supplement, naming the underwriter, the nature of any such relationship. We may sell securities directly or through agents we designate from time to time. We will name any agent involved in the offering and sale of securities, and
we will describe any commissions we will pay the agent in the prospectus supplement. Unless the prospectus supplement states otherwise, our agent will act on a best-efforts basis for the period of its appointment. We may authorize agents or underwriters to solicit offers by certain types of institutional investors to purchase securities from us at the public offering
price set forth in the prospectus supplement pursuant to delayed delivery contracts providing for payment and delivery on a specified date in the future. We will describe the conditions to these contracts and the commissions we must pay for
solicitation of these contracts in the prospectus supplement. We may provide agents and underwriters with indemnification against civil liabilities
related to this offering, including liabilities under the Securities Act, or contribution with respect to payments that the agents or underwriters may make with respect to these liabilities. Agents and underwriters may engage in transactions with,
or perform services for, us in the ordinary course of business. 29 Table of Contents All securities we offer, other than common shares, will be new issues of securities with no established trading
market. Any underwriters may make a market in these securities, but will not be obligated to do so and may discontinue any market making at any time without notice. We cannot guarantee the liquidity of the trading markets for any securities. Any underwriter may engage in overallotment, stabilizing transactions, short covering transactions and penalty bids. Overallotment involves sales in excess of
the offering size, which create a short position. Stabilizing transactions permit bids to purchase the underlying security so long as the stabilizing bids do not exceed a specified maximum. Short covering transactions involve purchases of the
securities in the open market after the distribution is completed to cover short positions. Penalty bids permit the underwriters to reclaim a selling concession from a dealer when the securities originally sold by the dealer are purchased in a
stabilizing or covering transaction to cover short positions. Those activities may cause the price of the securities to be higher than it would otherwise be. If commenced, the underwriters may discontinue any of the activities at any time. These
transactions may be effected on any exchange or over-the-counter market or otherwise. Any underwriters who are qualified market makers on the NASDAQ Global Market may engage in passive market making transactions in the securities on the NASDAQ
Global Market in accordance with Rule 103 of Regulation M, during the business day prior to the pricing of the offering, before the commencement of offers or sales of the securities. Passive market makers must comply with applicable volume and price
limitations and must be identified as passive market makers. In general, a passive market maker must display its bid at a price not in excess of the highest independent bid for such security; if all independent bids are lowered below the passive
market maker’s bid, however, the passive market maker’s bid must then be lowered when certain purchase limits are exceeded. Passive market making may stabilize the market price of the securities at a level above that which might otherwise
prevail in the open market and, if commenced, may be discontinued at any time. In compliance with guidelines of the Financial Industry Regulatory
Authority, or FINRA, the maximum consideration or discount to be received by any FINRA member or independent broker dealer may not exceed 8% of the aggregate amount of the securities offered pursuant to this prospectus and any applicable prospectus
supplement. Direct sales to investors or our shareholders may be accomplished through subscription offerings or through subscription rights distributed
to shareholders. In connection with subscription offerings or the distribution of subscription rights to shareholders, if all of the underlying securities are not subscribed for, we may sell any unsubscribed securities to third parties directly or
through underwriters or agents. In addition, whether or not all of the underlying securities are subscribed for, we may concurrently offer additional securities to third parties directly or through underwriters or agents. If securities are to be
sold through subscription rights, the subscription rights will be distributed as a dividend to the shareholders for which they will pay no separate consideration. 30 Table of Contents LEGAL MATTERS Unless otherwise indicated in the applicable prospectus supplement, certain legal matters in connection with the offering and the validity of the securities
offered by this prospectus, and any supplement thereto, will be passed upon by Goodwin Procter LLP, Boston, Massachusetts. EXPERTS The financial statements of CRISPR Therapeutics AG appearing in CRISPR Therapeutics AG’s Annual Report (Form 10-K) for the year ended December 31, 2016, have been audited by Ernst & Young LLP, independent registered public accounting firm, as set forth in their report thereon included therein, and
incorporated herein by reference. Such financial statements are, and audited financial statements to be included in subsequently filed documents will be, incorporated herein in reliance upon the report of Ernst & Young LLP pertaining to
such financial statements (to the extent covered by consents filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission) given on the authority of such firm as experts in accounting and auditing. WHERE YOU CAN FIND MORE INFORMATION This prospectus is part of a registration statement we filed with the SEC. This prospectus does not contain all of the information set forth in the
registration statement and the exhibits to the registration statement. For further information with respect to us and the securities we are offering under this prospectus, we refer you to the registration statement and the exhibits and schedules
filed as a part of the registration statement. You should rely only on the information contained in this prospectus or incorporated by reference. We have not authorized anyone else to provide you with different information. We are not making an
offer of these securities in any state where the offer is not permitted. You should not assume that the information in this prospectus is accurate as of any date other than the date on the front page of this prospectus, regardless of the time of
delivery of this prospectus or any sale of the securities offered by this prospectus. We file annual, quarterly and current reports, proxy statements and
other information with the SEC. You may read and copy the registration statement, as well as any other document filed by us with the SEC, at the SEC’s Public Reference Room at 100 F Street NE, Washington, D.C. 20549. You can also request copies
of these documents by writing to the SEC and paying a fee for the copying cost. You may obtain information on the operation of the Public Reference Room by calling the SEC at (800) SEC-0330. The SEC
maintains a website that contains reports, proxy statements and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC, including CRISPR Therapeutics AG. The address of the SEC website is www.sec.gov. We maintain a website at www.crisprtx.com. Information contained in or accessible through our website does not constitute a part of this prospectus. INCORPORATION OF CERTAIN INFORMATION BY REFERENCE The SEC allows us to “incorporate by reference” information into this prospectus, which means that we can disclose important information to you by
referring you to another document filed separately with the SEC. The SEC file number for the documents incorporated by reference in this prospectus is 001-37923. The documents incorporated by reference into
this prospectus contain important information that you should read about us. The following documents are incorporated by reference into this document: • | our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2016, filed with the SEC on March 10, 2017; • | our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the three months ended March 31, 2017 filed with the SEC on May 11, 2017; • | our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the three months ended June 30, 2017 filed with the SEC on August 10, 2017; • | our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the three months ended September 30, 2017 filed with the SEC on November 8, 2017; • | our Current Reports on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on November 7, 2017, October 2, 2017, July 27, 2017, July 25, 2017, June 19, 2017, June 8, 2017, June 2, 2017, May 4, 2017, April 27, 2017, April 13, 2017, March 31, 2017, March 20, 2017 and February 15, 2017, to the extent the information in such reports is filed and not furnished; 31 Table of Contents • | the information specifically incorporated by reference into our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2016 from our definitive proxy statement on Schedule 14A (other than information furnished rather than filed), which was filed with the SEC on April 18, 2017; and • | the description of our common shares contained in our Registration Statement on Form 8-A12B, filed with the SEC on October 18, 2016, including any amendments or reports filed for the purposes of updating this description. We also incorporate by reference into this prospectus all documents (other than current
reports furnished under Item 2.02 or Item 7.01 of Form 8-K and exhibits filed on such form that are related to such items) that are filed by us with the SEC pursuant to Sections 13(a), 13(c), 14 or 15(d) of
the Exchange Act (i) after the date of the initial filing of the registration statement of which this prospectus forms a part and prior to effectiveness of the registration statement, or (ii) after the date of this prospectus but prior to
the termination of the offering. These documents include periodic reports, such as Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q and Current Reports
on Form 8-K, as well as proxy statements. We will provide to each person, including any beneficial owner, to whom
a prospectus is delivered, without charge upon written or oral request, a copy of any or all of the documents that are incorporated by reference into this prospectus but not delivered with the prospectus, including exhibits that are specifically
incorporated by reference into such documents. You should direct any requests for documents to CRISPR Therapeutics, Inc., 610 Main Street, Cambridge, Massachusetts 02139, Attn: Secretary, telephone: (617) 315-4626. Any statement contained herein or in a document incorporated or deemed to be incorporated by
reference into this document will be deemed to be modified or superseded for purposes of the document to the extent that a statement contained in this document or any other subsequently filed document that is deemed to be incorporated by reference
into this document modifies or supersedes the statement. 32 Table of Contents CRISPR THERAPEUTICS AG $300,000,000 Common
Shares Debt Securities Warrants Units Subscription Rights Prospectus , 2017 Table of Contents PART II INFORMATION NOT REQUIRED IN THE PROSPECTUS Item 14. Other Expenses of Issuance and Distribution The following table sets forth the estimated costs and expenses, other than underwriting discounts and commissions, payable by us in connection with the
offering of the securities being registered. All the amounts shown are estimates, except for the SEC registration fee. SEC registration fee | $ | 37,350
FINRA filing fee | $ | 45,500
Accounting fees and expenses | (1)
Legal fees and expenses | (1)
Transfer agent fees and expenses | (1)
Trustee fees and expenses | (1)
Printing fees | (1)
Miscellaneous expenses | (1)
Total | $ | (1) (1) | These fees are calculated based on the securities offered and the number of issuances and, accordingly, cannot be estimated at this time. Item 15. Indemnification of Officers and Directors We have entered into indemnification agreements with each of our directors and executive officers. In addition, subject to Swiss law, Article 29 of our
Articles of Association provides for indemnification of the existing and former members of the Board of Directors, executive management and their heirs, executors and administrators, against liabilities arising in connection with the performance of
their duties in such capacity, and permits us to advance the expenses of defending any act, suit or proceeding to our directors and executive management. Furthermore, under general principles of Swiss employment law, an employer may be required to
indemnify an employee against losses and expenses incurred by such employee in the proper execution of their duties under the employment agreement with the employer. These indemnification provisions and the indemnification agreements may be
sufficiently broad to permit indemnification of our officers and directors for liabilities, including reimbursement of expenses incurred, arising under the Securities Act. The foregoing may reduce the likelihood of derivative litigation against our directors and executive officers and may discourage or deter shareholders or
management from suing directors or executive officers for breaches of their duty of care, even though such actions, if successful, might otherwise benefit the company and our shareholders. At present, there is no pending litigation or proceeding involving any of our directors, officers or employees for which indemnification is sought, nor are we
aware of any threatened litigation that may result in claims for indemnification by the registrant. We have the power to indemnify our other employees
and other agents, as permitted by the Swiss law or any other applicable law, but we are not required to do so by Swiss law. The underwriting agreement
that we may enter into, Exhibit 1.1 to this Registration Statement, will provide for indemnification by any underwriters of the company, our directors, our officers who sign the registration statement and our controlling persons, if any, for some
liabilities, including liabilities arising under the Securities Act. Item 16. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules A list of exhibits filed with this registration statement on Form S-3 is set forth on the Exhibit Index and is
incorporated herein by reference. Table of Contents Item 17. Undertakings The undersigned registrant hereby undertakes: (1) To file,
during any period in which offers or sales are being made, a post-effective amendment to this registration statement: (i) | To include any prospectus required by Section 10(a)(3) of the Securities Act; (ii) | To reflect in the prospectus any facts or events arising after the effective date of the registration statement (or the most recent post-effective amendment thereof) which, individually or in the aggregate, represent a fundamental change in the information set forth in the registration statement. Notwithstanding the foregoing, any increase or decrease in volume of securities offered (if the total dollar value of securities offered would not exceed that which was registered) and any deviation from the low or high end of the estimated maximum offering range may be reflected in the form of prospectus filed with the SEC pursuant to Rule 424(b) if, in the aggregate, the changes in volume and price represent no more than 20 percent change in the maximum aggregate offering price set forth in the “Calculation of Registration Fee” table in the effective registration statement; and (iii) | To include any material information with respect to the plan of distribution not previously disclosed in the registration statement or any material change to such information in the registration statement; provided, however , that the undertakings set forth in paragraphs (1)(i), (1)(ii) and (1)(iii) above do not apply if the information
required to be included in a post-effective amendment by those paragraphs is contained in reports filed with or furnished to the SEC by the registrant pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as
amended, or the Exchange Act, that are incorporated by reference in this registration statement or are contained in a form of prospectus filed pursuant to Rule 424(b) that is part of this registration statement. (2) That, for the purpose of determining any liability under the Securities Act, each such post-effective amendment shall be deemed to be a new registration
statement relating to the securities offered therein, and the offering of such securities at that time shall be deemed to be the initial bona fide offering thereof. (3) To remove from registration by means of a post-effective amendment any of the securities being registered which remain unsold at the termination of the
offering. (4) That, for the purpose of determining liability under the Securities Act to any purchaser: (i) | Each prospectus filed by the registrant pursuant to Rule 424(b)(3) shall be deemed to be part of the registration statement as of the date the filed prospectus was deemed part of and included in the registration statement; and (ii) | Each prospectus required to be filed pursuant to Rule 424(b)(2), (b)(5) or (b)(7) as part of a registration statement in reliance on Rule 430B relating to an offering made pursuant to Rule 415(a)(1)(i), (vii) or (x) for the purpose of providing the information required by Section 10(a) of the Securities Act shall be deemed to be part of and included in the registration statement as of the earlier of the date such form of prospectus is first used after effectiveness or the date of the first contract of sale of securities in the offering described in the prospectus. As provided in Rule 430B, for liability purposes of the issuer and any person that is at that date an underwriter, such date shall be deemed to be a new effective date of the registration statement relating to the securities in the registration statement to which that prospectus relates, and the offering of such securities at that time shall be deemed to be the initial bona fide offering thereof. Provided, however , that no statement made in a registration statement or prospectus that is part of the registration statement or made in a document incorporated or deemed incorporated by reference into the registration statement or prospectus that is part of the registration statement will, as to a purchaser with a time of contract of sale prior to such effective date, supersede or modify any statement that was made in the registration statement or prospectus that was part of the registration statement or made in any such document immediately prior to such effective date. (5) That, for
the purpose of determining liability of the registrant under the Securities Act to any purchaser in the initial distribution of the securities, the undersigned registrant undertakes that in a primary offering of securities of the undersigned
registrant pursuant to this registration statement, regardless of the underwriting method used to sell the securities to the purchaser, if the securities are offered or sold to such purchaser by means of any of the following communications, the
undersigned registrant will be a seller to the purchaser and will be considered to offer or sell such securities to such purchaser: Table of Contents (i) any preliminary prospectus or prospectus of the undersigned registrant relating to the offering required to be filed pursuant to Rule 424; (ii) any free writing prospectus relating to the
offering prepared by or on behalf of the undersigned registrant or used or referred to by the undersigned registrant; (iii) the portion of any other free writing prospectus relating to the offering containing material information about the
undersigned registrant or its securities provided by or on behalf of the undersigned registrant; and (iv) any other communication that is an offer in the offering made by the undersigned registrant to the purchaser. (6) That, for purposes of determining any liability under the Securities Act, each filing of the registrant’s annual report pursuant to
Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Exchange Act (and, where applicable, each filing of an employee benefit plan’s annual report pursuant to Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act) that is incorporated by reference in the registration statement
shall be deemed to be a new registration statement relating to the securities offered therein, and the offering of such securities at that time shall be deemed to be the initial bona fide offering thereof. (7) That for purposes of determining any liability under the Securities Act, (i) the information omitted from the form of prospectus filed as part of the
registration statement in reliance upon Rule 430A and contained in the form of prospectus filed by the registrant pursuant to Rule 424(b)(l) or (4) or 497(h) under the Securities Act shall be deemed to be a part of the registration
statement as of the time it was declared effective; and (ii) each post-effective amendment that contains a form of prospectus shall be deemed to be a new registration statement relating to the securities offered therein, and the offing of such
securities at that time shall be deemed to be the initial bona fide offering thereof. (8) To file an application for the purpose of determining
the eligibility of the trustee to act under subsection (a) of Section 310 of the Trust Indenture Act in accordance with the rules and regulations prescribed by the SEC under Section 305(b)(2) of the Trust Indenture Act. Insofar as indemnification for liabilities arising under the Securities Act may be permitted to directors, officers and controlling persons of the registrant
pursuant to the foregoing provisions, or otherwise, the registrant has been advised that in the opinion of the SEC such indemnification is against public policy as expressed in the Securities Act and is, therefore, unenforceable. In the event that a
claim for indemnification against such liabilities (other than the payment by the registrant of expenses incurred or paid by a director, officer or controlling person of the registrant in the successful defense of any action, suit or proceeding) is
asserted by such director, officer or controlling person in connection with the securities being registered, the registrant will, unless in the opinion of its counsel the matter has been settled by controlling precedent, submit to a court of
appropriate jurisdiction the question whether such indemnification by it is against public policy as expressed in the Securities Act and will be governed by the final adjudication of such issue. Table of Contents EXHIBIT INDEX Exhibit Number | Description of Document
1.1 | Form of Underwriting Agreement (1)
3.1 | Amended and Restated Articles of Association of CRISPR Therapeutics AG (2)
4.2 | Form of Senior Debt Indenture between the Registrant and one or more trustees to be named
4.3 | Form of Subordinated Debt Indenture between the Registrant and one or more trustees to be named
4.4 | Form of Note (1)
4.5 | Form of Common Shares Warrant Agreement and Warrant Certificate (1)
4.6 | Form of Debt Securities Warrant Agreement and Warrant Certificate (1)
4.7 | Registration Rights Agreement, dated as of June 10, 2016, by and among the Registrant and certain of its shareholders (3)
4.8 | Form of Subscription Rights Agreement (1)
5.1 | Opinion of Vischer AG
12.1 | Computation of Ratio of Earnings to Fixed Charges
23.1 | Consent of Ernst & Young LLP, Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm
23.2 | Consent of Ernst & Young LLP, Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm, with respect to the consolidated financial statements of Casebia Therapeutics LLP
23.3 | Consent of Vischer AG (included in Exhibit 5.1)
24.1 | Power of Attorney (included on signature page)
25.1 | Form T-1 Statement of Eligibility of Trustee for Senior Indenture under the Trust Indenture Act of 1939 (1)
25.2 | Form T-1 Statement of Eligibility of Trustee for Subordinated Indenture under the Trust Indenture Act of 1939 (1) (1) | To be filed by amendment or by a report filed under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and incorporated herein by reference, if applicable. (2) | Previously filed as Exhibit 3.1 to the Registrant’s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-37923), filed with the Commission on July 25, 2017, and incorporated by reference herein. (3) | Previously filed as Exhibit 10.9 to the Registrant’s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-213577), filed with the Commission on September 9, 2016, and incorporated by reference herein. Table of Contents SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, the registrant certifies that it has reasonable grounds to believe that it meets all of the
requirements for filing on Form S-3 and has duly caused this registration statement to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized, in the city of Zug, Switzerland, on November 9,
2017. CRISPR Therapeutics AG
By: | /s/ Rodger Novak
Rodger Novak
Chief Executive Officer
(Principal Executive Officer) Know All Persons By These Presents , that each person whose signature appears below constitutes and appoints
Dr. Samarth Kulkarni and James R. Kasinger, and each of them, as his or her true and lawful attorney-in-fact and agent, with full power of substitution and
resubstitution, for him or her and in his name, place and stead, in any and all capacities, to sign any and all amendments (including post-effective amendments and registration statements filed pursuant to Rule 462 under the Securities Act) to this
Registration Statement, and to file the same, with all exhibits thereto, and other documents in connection therewith, with the Securities and Exchange Commission, granting unto said attorneys-in-fact and agents, and each of them, full power and authority to do and perform each and every act and thing requisite and necessary to be done in connection
therewith, as fully to all intents and purposes as he might or could do in person, hereby ratifying and confirming all that said attorneys-in-fact and agents, or any of
them, or their or his substitutes or substitute, may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
Act, this Registration Statement has been signed by the following persons in the capacities and on the dates indicated. Signature | Title | Date
/s/ Dr. Rodger Novak Dr. Rodger Novak | Chief Executive Officer and Director (Principal Executive Officer) | November 9, 2017
/s/ Dr. Samarth Kulkarni Dr. Samarth Kulkarni | President and Chief Business Officer (Principal Financial Officer) | November 9, 2017
/s/ Michael Esposito Michael Esposito | Principal Accounting Officer | November 9, 2017
/s/ Dr. N. Anthony Coles Dr. N. Anthony Coles | Chairman and Director | November 9, 2017
/s/ Dr. Ali Behbahani Dr. Ali Behbahani | Director | November 9, 2017
/s/ Dr. Bradley Bolzon Dr. Bradley Bolzon | Director | November 9, 2017 Table of Contents /s/ Dr. Simeon J. George Dr. Simeon J. George | Director | November 9, 2017
/s/ Kurt von Emster Kurt von Emster | Director | November 9, 2017
/s/ Dr. Thomas Woiwode Dr. Thomas Woiwode | Director | November 9, 2017
/s/ Dr. Pablo Cagnoni Dr. Pablo Cagnoni | Director | November 9, 2017
/s/ James R. Kasinger James R. Kasinger | Authorized Representative in the United States | November 9, 2017