DEF 14A 1 tm2015310-1_def14a.htm DEF 14A tm2015310-1_def14a - none - 11.103942s TABLE OF CONTENTS ​ ​ UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 SCHEDULE 14A Proxy Statement Pursuant to Section 14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (Amendment No.  ) Filed by the Registrant ☒ Filed by a Party other than the Registrant ☐ Check the appropriate box: ☐ Preliminary Proxy Statement ​ ☐ Confidential, for Use of the Commission Only (as permitted by Rule 14a-6(e)(2)) ​ ☒ Definitive Proxy Statement ​ ☐ Definitive Additional Materials ​ ☐ Soliciting Material under §240.14a-12 ​ Big Lots, Inc. ​ (Name of Registrant as Specified In Its Charter) ​ (Name of Person(s) Filing Proxy Statement, if other than the Registrant) Payment of Filing Fee (Check the appropriate box): ☒ No fee required. ​ ☐ Fee computed on table below per Exchange Act Rules 14a-6(i)(1) and 0-11. ​ (1) Title of each class of securities to which transaction applies: ​ ​ (2) Aggregate number of securities to which transaction applies: ​ ​ (3) Per unit price or other underlying value of transaction computed pursuant to Exchange Act Rule 0-11 (set forth the amount on which the filing fee is calculated and state how it was determined): ​ ​ (4) Proposed maximum aggregate value of transaction: ​ ​ (5) Total fee paid: ​ ​ ☐ Fee paid previously with preliminary materials. ​ ☐ Check box if any part of the fee is offset as provided by Exchange Act Rule 0-11(a)(2) and identify the filing for which the offsetting fee was paid previously. Identify the previous filing by registration statement number, or the Form or Schedule and the date of its filing. ​ (1) Amount Previously Paid: ​ ​ (2) Form, Schedule or Registration Statement No.: ​ ​ (3) Filing Party: ​ ​ (4) Date Filed: ​ ​ ​ ​ TABLE OF CONTENTS Big Lots, Inc. 4900 E. Dublin-Granville Road Columbus, Ohio 43081 May 1, 2020 Dear Big Lots’ Shareholder: We cordially invite you to attend the 2020 Annual Meeting of Shareholders of Big Lots, Inc. The Annual Meeting will be held virtually on Wednesday, June 10, 2020, beginning at 9:00 a.m., Eastern Time. Due to public health concerns related to the coronavirus (COVID-19) pandemic and to support the health and welfare of our shareholders and associates, the Annual Meeting will be held in a completely virtual format through a live webcast. You will not be able to attend the Annual Meeting physically. At our virtual Annual Meeting, shareholders will be able to attend, vote and submit questions by visiting www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/BIG2020. We believe that the virtual format will provide a consistent experience to our shareholders and allow all shareholders to participate in the Annual Meeting regardless of location. The following pages contain the Notice of Annual Meeting of Shareholders and the Proxy Statement. You should review this material for information concerning the business to be conducted at the Annual Meeting. Your vote is important and we encourage you to attend and participate in the virtual Annual Meeting. For additional information regarding how to attend and participate in the virtual meeting format, please see “Attendance and Participation at the Virtual Annual Meeting” on page 2 of the Proxy Statement. Whether or not you plan to attend the virtual Annual Meeting, we urge you to vote as soon as possible. If you attend the virtual Annual Meeting and wish to participate by voting electronically during the virtual Annual Meeting, you may revoke your previously submitted proxy as described in the Proxy Statement. Thank you for your ongoing support of, and continued interest in, Big Lots, Inc. Respectfully submitted, ​ | JAMES R. CHAMBERS Chairman | ​ | ​ | BRUCE K. THORN President and Chief Executive Officer | ​ TABLE OF CONTENTS NOTICE OF 2020 ANNUAL MEETING OF SHAREHOLDERS Wednesday, June 10, 2020 9:00 a.m. Eastern Time Virtual Meeting Site: www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/BIG2020 We are pleased to invite you to the 2020 Annual Meeting of Shareholders of Big Lots, Inc. The Annual Meeting will be held virtually on Wednesday, June 10, 2020, beginning at 9:00 a.m., Eastern Time. Due to public health concerns related to the coronavirus (COVID-19) pandemic and to support the health and welfare of our shareholders and associates, the Annual Meeting will be held in a completely virtual format through a live webcast. You will not be able to attend the Annual Meeting physically. At our virtual Annual Meeting, shareholders will be able to attend, vote and submit questions by visiting www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/BIG2020. We believe that the virtual format will provide a consistent experience to our shareholders and allow all shareholders to participate in the Annual Meeting regardless of location. The Annual Meeting is being held for the following purposes: 1. To elect as directors the eleven nominees named in our accompanying Proxy Statement; ​ 2. To consider and vote upon a proposal to approve the Big Lots 2020 Long-Term Incentive Plan; ​ 3. To approve, on an advisory basis, the compensation of our named executive officers; ​ 4. To ratify the appointment of Deloitte & Touche LLP as our independent registered public accounting firm for fiscal 2020; and ​ 5. To transact such other business as may properly come before the Annual Meeting. ​ Only shareholders of record at the close of business on the record date, April 23, 2020, are entitled to notice of and to vote at the Annual Meeting and any postponement or adjournment thereof. Further information regarding voting rights and matters to be voted upon is presented in the accompanying Proxy Statement. By Order of the Board of Directors, Ronald A. Robins, Jr. Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Corporate Secretary May 1, 2020 Columbus, Ohio Your vote is important. Shareholders are urged to vote online. If you attend the virtual Annual Meeting and wish to participate by voting electronically during the virtual Annual Meeting, you may revoke your previously submitted proxy as described in the Proxy Statement. To attend and participate in the virtual Annual Meeting, you will need the control number included on your proxy card or voting instruction form. For additional information regarding how to participate in the virtual meeting format, please see “Attendance and Participation at the Virtual Annual Meeting” on page 2 of the Proxy Statement. TABLE OF CONTENTS BIG LOTS, INC.’S NOTICE OF 2020 ANNUAL MEETING OF SHAREHOLDERS, PROXY STATEMENT, FORM OF PROXY AND 2019 ANNUAL REPORT TO SHAREHOLDERS ARE AVAILABLE ONLINE AT PROXYVOTE.COM. IMPORTANT NOTICE REGARDING THE AVAILABILITY OF PROXY MATERIALS FOR THE ANNUAL MEETING OF SHAREHOLDERS TO BE HELD ON JUNE 10, 2020. Big Lots, Inc.’s Notice of 2020 Annual Meeting of Shareholders, Proxy Statement, form of proxy and 2019 Annual Report to Shareholders are available online at PROXYVOTE.COM. ELECTRONIC DELIVERY OF FUTURE SHAREHOLDER COMMUNICATIONS Instead of receiving paper copies of our future proxy statements, proxy cards and annual reports to shareholders in the mail, shareholders may elect to receive such documents electronically via email or the Internet. Receiving your proxy materials electronically saves us the cost of printing and mailing documents to you and reduces the environmental impact of our shareholder communications. Shareholders may sign up to receive or access future shareholder communications electronically as follows: • Shareholders of Record. If you are a registered shareholder, you may consent to electronic delivery when voting for the Annual Meeting on the Internet at www.proxyvote.com. ​ • Beneficial Shareholders. If your Common Shares are not registered in your name, review the information provided to you by your broker, bank or other shareholder of record or contact your broker, bank or other shareholder of record for information on electronic delivery service. ​ TABLE OF CONTENTS ​ BIG LOTS, INC. PROXY STATEMENT TABLE OF CONTENTS ​ | ABOUT THE ANNUAL MEETING | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 1 | ​ | ​
​ | PROPOSAL ONE | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 6 | ​ | ​
​ | GOVERNANCE | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 14 | ​ | ​
​ | DIRECTOR COMPENSATION | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 22 | ​ | ​
​ | STOCK OWNERSHIP | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 24 | ​ | ​
​ | PROPOSAL TWO . | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 27 | ​ | ​
​ | EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 37 | ​ | ​
​ | PROPOSAL THREE | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 66 | ​ | ​
​ | AUDIT COMMITTEE DISCLOSURE | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 69 | ​ | ​
​ | PROPOSAL FOUR | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 71 | ​ | ​
​ | SHAREHOLDER PROPOSALS | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 71 | ​ | ​
​ | PROXY SOLICITATION COSTS | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 72 | ​ | ​
​ | OTHER MATTERS | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 72 | ​ | ​ i TABLE OF CONTENTS ​ PROXY STATEMENT The Board of Directors (“Board”) of Big Lots, Inc., an Ohio corporation (“we,” “us,” “our,” the “Company” or “Big Lots”), is furnishing you this proxy statement (this “Proxy Statement”) to solicit proxies for use at the 2020 Annual Meeting of Shareholders of Big Lots to be held virtually on Wednesday, June 10, 2020 beginning at 9:00 a.m., Eastern Time (including any adjournments, postponements or continuations thereof, the “Annual Meeting”). Due to public health concerns related to the coronavirus (COVID-19) pandemic and to support the health and welfare of our shareholders and associates, the Annual Meeting will be held in a completely virtual format through a live webcast. You will not be able to attend the Annual Meeting physically. We believe that the virtual format will provide a consistent experience to our shareholders and allow all shareholders to participate in the Annual Meeting regardless of location. At our virtual Annual Meeting, shareholders will be able to attend, vote and submit questions by visiting www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/BIG2020. To participate (e.g., submit questions and/or vote) in the virtual Annual Meeting, you will need the control number included in your proxy card or voting instruction form. This proxy statement is dated May 1, 2020, and on or about May 1, 2020, we began mailing this Proxy Statement and the accompanying form of proxy to our shareholders of record at the close of business on April 23, 2020. Our Annual Report to Shareholders for our fiscal year ended February 1, 2020 (“fiscal 2019”), which includes our Annual Report on Form 10-K for fiscal 2019, is being mailed together with this Proxy Statement and an accompanying proxy card. ABOUT THE ANNUAL MEETING Purpose of the Annual Meeting At the Annual Meeting, shareholders will act upon the matters outlined in the Notice of Annual Meeting included with this Proxy Statement. Specifically, our shareholders will be asked to: (1) elect eleven directors to serve until the 2021 Annual Meeting of the Shareholders of the Company; ​ (2) approve the Big Lots 2020 Long-Term Incentive Plan (“2020 LTIP”); ​ (3) approve, on an advisory basis, the compensation of our named executive officers, as disclosed in this Proxy Statement pursuant to Item 402 of Regulation S-K, including the Compensation Discussion and Analysis, compensation tables and the narrative discussion accompanying the tables (“say-on-pay resolution”); ​ (4) ratify the appointment of Deloitte & Touche LLP as our independent registered public accounting firm for our fiscal year ending January 30, 2021 (“fiscal 2020”); and ​ (5) transact such other business as may properly come before the Annual Meeting. ​ Under our governing documents, no other business may be raised by shareholders at the Annual Meeting unless proper and timely notice has been given to us by the shareholders seeking to bring such business before the meeting. Virtual-Only Meeting Format Due to the ongoing public health considerations associated with the COVID-19 pandemic, and because the health, safety and well-being of our employees and shareholders is of utmost importance to us, we will be holding our 2020 annual meeting of shareholders in a virtual-only meeting format. 1 TABLE OF CONTENTS ​ Shareholder Voting Rights Only those shareholders of record at the close of business on April 23, 2020, the record date for the Annual Meeting (“Record Date”), are entitled to receive notice of, and to vote at, the Annual Meeting. At the Record Date, the Company had 39,228,802 common shares, $0.01 par value per share (“Common Shares”) outstanding. Each of the outstanding Common Shares entitles the holder thereof to one vote on each matter to be voted upon at the Annual Meeting or any postponement or adjournment thereof. The holders of our Common Shares have no cumulative voting rights in the election of directors. All voting at the Annual Meeting will be governed by our Amended Articles of Incorporation, our Amended Code of Regulations and the Ohio General Corporation Law. Registered Shareholders and Beneficial Shareholders If your Common Shares are registered in your name directly with our transfer agent, Computershare Investor Services, LLC, you are considered a holder of record (which we also refer to as a registered shareholder). If you hold our Common Shares in a brokerage account or through a bank or other holder of record, you are considered the beneficial shareholder of the Common Shares, which shares are often referred to as being held in “street name.” Attendance and Participation at the Virtual Annual Meeting Annual Meeting Access Instructions Because the Annual Meeting will be held in a completely virtual format through a live webcast, there is no physical meeting location. To attend and participate (e.g., submit questions and/or vote) in the virtual Annual Meeting, holders of Common Shares as of the Record Date, or their duly appointed proxies, should access the live webcast of the Annual Meeting at www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/BIG2020. For additional information regarding how to vote at the virtual Annual Meeting, see “How to Vote at the Annual Meeting” below. To attend and participate in the virtual Annual Meeting, you will need the control number included on your proxy card or voting instruction form. Access to the webcast of the Annual Meeting will open approximately 15 minutes before the scheduled start time of the Annual Meeting. We recommend that you log in to the Annual Meeting several minutes before its scheduled start time. An audio recording of the entire virtual Annual Meeting will be available in the Investor Relations section of our website (www.biglots.com) after the meeting. We will have technicians available to assist you with any difficulties you may have accessing the virtual Annual Meeting. If you encounter any difficulties accessing the virtual Annual Meeting or during the Annual Meeting, a phone number will be available for you to call at the registration start time on www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/BIG2020. Submission of Questions to Annual Meeting Shareholders as of the Record Date for the Annual Meeting who attend and participate in the virtual Annual Meeting may submit questions at www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/BIG2020 for the question and answer session that will immediately follow the adjournment of the Annual Meeting. In both cases, shareholders must have the control number included on their proxy card or voting instruction form to submit questions. As with the physical annual meetings of shareholders we have held in the past, we will use reasonable efforts to answer all questions relevant to meeting matters during the virtual Annual Meeting, subject to time constraints and the rules of conduct for the Annual Meeting. How to Vote and Revoke Your Vote Registered Holders After receiving our proxy materials, you may vote your Common Shares by completing, dating and signing the proxy card included with the materials and returning it in accordance with the instructions 2 TABLE OF CONTENTS provided. You will also have the opportunity to vote your Common Shares online at www.proxyvote.com until June 9, 2020 at 11:59 p.m., Eastern Time. When voting online, you must follow the instructions posted on the website and you will need the control number included on your proxy card. Your Common Shares will be voted as you direct if (1) you properly complete your proxy online or (2) you complete, date, sign and return your proxy card no later than 11:59 p.m., Eastern Time, on June 9, 2020. You may also vote your Common Shares at the virtual Annual Meeting as described below in “How to Vote at the Annual Meeting.” A registered shareholder may revoke any proxy at any time before it is exercised by filing with our Corporate Secretary a written notice of revocation or duly executing and delivering to us a proxy bearing a later date. A registered shareholder may also revoke a proxy by attending and participating in the virtual Annual Meeting and voting electronically. Attending the virtual Annual Meeting will not by itself revoke a previously submitted proxy. Beneficial Owners Beneficial shareholders have the right to direct the broker, bank or other holder of record that is the registered holder of their Common Shares on how to vote their Common Shares by following the voting instructions included in the materials they receive from their registered holder. Beneficial shareholders should follow the procedures and directions set forth in such voting instructions to instruct their registered holder how to vote those Common Shares or revoke previously given voting instructions. Please contact your broker, bank or other holder of record to determine the applicable deadlines. Brokers, banks and other holders of record who hold Common Shares for beneficial owners in street name may vote such Common Shares on “routine” matters (as determined under New York Stock Exchange (“NYSE”) rules), such as Proposal Four, without specific voting instructions from the beneficial owner of such Common Shares. Such brokers, banks and other holders of record may not, however, vote such Common Shares on “non-routine” matters, such as Proposal One, Proposal Two and Proposal Three, without specific voting instructions from the beneficial owner of such Common Shares. Proxies submitted by such brokers, banks and other holders of record that have not been voted on “non-routine” matters are referred to as “broker non-votes.” Broker non-votes will not be counted for purposes of determining the number of Common Shares necessary for approval of any matter to which broker non-votes apply (i.e., broker non-votes will have no effect on the outcome of such matter). How to Vote at the Annual Meeting Shareholders as of the Record Date for the Annual Meeting who attend and participate in the virtual Annual Meeting by visiting www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/BIG2020 may vote their shares electronically at the virtual Annual Meeting even if they have previously submitted their vote. Shareholders must have the control number included on their proxy card or voting instruction form to vote their shares electronically at the virtual Annual Meeting. What is a “proxy”? A proxy is your legal designation of another person to vote the stock you own. That other person is called a proxy. If you designate someone as your proxy in a written document, that document is also called a proxy or a proxy card. Householding SEC rules allow multiple shareholders residing at the same address the convenience of receiving a single copy of the Annual Report to Shareholders and Proxy Statement if they consent to do so (we refer to this process as “householding”). Householding is permitted only in certain circumstances, including when you have the same last name and address as another shareholder. If the required conditions are met, and SEC rules allow, your household may receive a single copy of the Annual Report on Form 10-K and Proxy Statement. Upon request, we will promptly deliver a separate copy of the Annual Report on Form 10-K and Proxy Statement to a shareholder at a shared address to which a single copy of the document(s) was delivered. Such a request should be made in the same manner as a revocation of consent for householding. 3 TABLE OF CONTENTS You may revoke your consent for householding at any time by contacting Broadridge Financial Solutions, Inc. (“Broadridge”), either by calling 1-866-540-7095, or by writing to: Broadridge, Householding Department, 51 Mercedes Way, Edgewood, New York 11717. You will be removed from the householding program within 30 days of receipt of your instructions at which time you will be sent separate copies of the Annual Report on Form 10-K and Proxy Statement. Beneficial shareholders can request more information about householding from their brokers, banks or other holders of record. Board’s Recommendations Subject to revocation, all proxies that are properly completed and timely received will be voted in accordance with the instructions contained therein. If no instructions are given (excluding broker non-votes), the persons named as proxy holders will vote the Common Shares in accordance with the recommendations of the Board. The Board’s recommendations are set forth together with the description of each proposal in this Proxy Statement. In summary, the Board recommends a vote: 1. FOR the election of the director nominees identified in Proposal One; ​ 2. FOR the approval of the 2020 LTIP (see Proposal Two); ​ 3. FOR the approval, on an advisory basis, of the compensation of our named executive officers, as disclosed in this Proxy Statement pursuant to Item 402 of Regulation S-K, including the Compensation Disclosure and Analysis, compensation tables and the narrative discussion accompanying the tables (see Proposal Three); and ​ 4. FOR the ratification of Deloitte & Touche LLP as our independent registered public accounting firm for fiscal 2020 (see Proposal Four). ​ If any other matter properly comes before the Annual Meeting, or if a director nominee named in this Proxy Statement is unable to serve or for good cause will not serve, the proxy holders will vote on such matter or for a substitute nominee as recommended by the Board. Quorum The presence, in person or by proxy, of the holders of a majority of the outstanding Common Shares entitled to vote at the Annual Meeting will constitute a quorum and permit us to conduct our business at the Annual Meeting. Virtual attendance of a shareholder at the Annual Meeting constitutes presence in person for purposes of determining whether a quorum is present at the Annual Meeting. Proxies received but marked as abstentions and broker non-votes will be included in the calculation of the number of Common Shares considered to be present at the Annual Meeting for purposes of establishing a quorum. Vote Required to Approve a Proposal Proposal One Our Amended Articles of Incorporation impose a majority vote standard in uncontested elections and our Corporate Governance Guidelines contain a majority vote policy applicable to uncontested elections of directors. Specifically, Article Eighth of our Amended Articles of Incorporation provides that if a quorum is present at the Annual Meeting, a director nominee in an uncontested election will be elected to the Board if the number of votes cast for such nominee’s election exceeds the number of votes cast against and/or withheld from such nominee’s election. In all director elections other than uncontested elections, plurality voting will apply and the director nominees receiving the greatest number of votes cast for their election will be elected as directors. An “uncontested election” generally means an election of directors at a meeting of shareholders in which the number of nominees for election does not exceed the number of directors to be elected. A properly executed proxy marked as withholding authority with respect to the election of one or more nominees for director will not be voted with respect to the nominee or nominees for director indicated and 4 TABLE OF CONTENTS will have the same effect as a vote against the nominee or nominees. Broker non-votes will not be considered votes cast for or against or withheld from a director nominee’s election at the Annual Meeting. See the “Governance — Majority Vote Standard and Policy” section of this Proxy Statement for more information about our majority vote policy and standard. Other Matters For purposes of Proposal Two, Proposal Three and Proposal Four, the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the outstanding Common Shares will be required for approval. The votes received with respect to Proposal Three and Proposal Four are advisory and will not bind the Board or the Company. A properly executed proxy marked “abstain” with respect to Proposal Two, Proposal Three, and Proposal Four will not be voted with respect to such matter, although it will be counted for purposes of determining the number of Common Shares necessary for approval of Proposal Two, Proposal Three and Proposal Four. Accordingly, an abstention will have the same effect as a vote against Proposal Two, Proposal Three and Proposal Four. If no voting instructions are given (excluding broker non-votes), the persons named as proxy holders on the proxy card will vote the Common Shares in accordance with the recommendation of the Board. Tabulation Votes will be counted by an independent inspector of election appointed for the Annual Meeting by the Board. Appraisal or Dissenters’ Rights Shareholders of the Company will not have rights of appraisal or similar dissenters’ rights with respect to any of the matters identified in this Proxy Statement to be acted upon at the Annual Meeting. Results We will announce preliminary results promptly once they are available and will report final results in a filing with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”) on a Current Report on Form 8-K. You can access both Form 8-Ks and our other reports we file with the SEC at our website at https:// ​ www.biglots.com/corporate/investors/sec-filings or at the SEC’s website at www.sec.gov. The information provided on these websites is for informational purposes only and is not incorporated by reference into this Proxy Statement. Who Can Help Answer Any Questions? Shareholders who have questions about matters to be voted on at the Annual Meeting or who desire additional copies of this Proxy Statement or additional proxy or voting instruction cards should contact our proxy solicitor, Innisfree M&A Incorporated at: (877) 800-5187. 5 TABLE OF CONTENTS ​ PROPOSAL ONE: ELECTION OF DIRECTORS The Board has nominated the eleven persons set forth in the table below for election as directors at the Annual Meeting. At the Annual Meeting, the Common Shares represented by proxies will be voted, unless otherwise specified, for the election of the eleven director nominees named below. Proxies cannot be voted at the Annual Meeting for more than eleven persons. Directors are elected to serve until the next annual meeting of shareholders and until their respective successors are elected and qualified, or until their earlier death, resignation or removal. All of the nominees set forth below have consented to being named in this Proxy Statement and to serve as directors of the Company if elected. It is expected that all nominees proposed by the Board will be able to serve on the Board if elected. However, if before the Annual Meeting one or more of the Board’s nominees are unable to serve or for good cause will not serve (a situation that we do not anticipate), the proxy holders will vote the proxies for the remaining nominees and for substitute nominees chosen by the Board. If any substitute nominees are designated, we will file an amended proxy statement that, as applicable, identifies the substitute nominees, discloses that such nominees have consented to being named in the revised proxy statement and to serve as directors if elected, and includes certain biographical and other information about such nominees required by the rules of the SEC, but, should any of them decline or be unable to serve, proxies may be voted for another person nominated as a substitute by the Board. There are no family relationships, of first cousins or closer, among the Company’s directors and executive officers, by blood, marriage or adoption. The following information is furnished with respect to each of the nominees of the Company, including information regarding their business experience, director positions held currently or at any time during the last five years, involvement in certain legal or administrative proceedings, if applicable, and the experiences, qualifications, attributes or skills that caused the Nominating / Corporate Governance Committee and the Board to determine that the nominees should serve as our directors. Other than as set forth in this Proxy Statement, no principal occupation of any of the Board’s nominees has been at any corporation or organization that is a parent, subsidiary or other affiliate of the Company. Set forth below is certain information related to the nominees. 6 TABLE OF CONTENTS Summary of Director Nominee Core Experiences and Skills Our Board possesses a deep and broad set of skills and experiences that facilitate strong oversight and strategic direction for a leading retailer. The following chart summarizes the competencies of each director nominee to be represented on our Board. EXPERIENCE/SKILLS | ​ | ​ | Chambers | ​ | ​ | Clarke | ​ | ​ | DiGrande | ​ | ​ | Goldstein | ​ | ​ | Gottschalk | ​ | ​ | Jamison | ​ | ​ | Kingsbury | ​ | ​ | McCormick | ​ | ​ | Reardon | ​ | ​ | Schoppert | ​ | ​ | Thorn | ​
Retail Experience | ​ | ​ | ✓ | ​ | ​ | ✓ | ​ | ​ | ✓ | ​ | ​ | ✓ | ​ | ​ | ✓ | ​ | ​ | ✓ | ​ | ​ | ✓ | ​ | ​ | ✓ | ​ | ​ | ✓ | ​ | ​ | ✓ | ​ | ​ | ✓ | ​
EComm Experience | ​ | ​ | ✓ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ✓ | ​ | ​ | ✓ | ​ | ​ | ✓ | ​ | ​ | ✓ | ​ | ​ | ✓ | ​ | ​ | ✓ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ✓ | ​ | ​ | ✓ | ​
Public Company CEO/COO/ ​ CFO/CHRO | ​ | ​ | ✓ | ​ | ​ | ✓ | ​ | ​ | ✓ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ✓ | ​ | ​ | ✓ | ​ | ​ | ✓ | ​ | ​ | ✓ | ​ | ​ | ✓ | ​ | ​ | ✓ | ​ | ​ | ✓ | ​
Regulatory Compliance | ​ | ​ | ✓ | ​ | ​ | ✓ | ​ | ​ | ✓ | ​ | ​ | ✓ | ​ | ​ | ✓ | ​ | ​ | ✓ | ​ | ​ | ✓ | ​ | ​ | ✓ | ​ | ​ | ✓ | ​ | ​ | ✓ | ​ | ​ | ✓ | ​
Financial/Accounting | ​ | ​ | ✓ | ​ | ​ | ✓ | ​ | ​ | ✓ | ​ | ​ | ✓ | ​ | ​ | ✓ | ​ | ​ | ✓ | ​ | ​ | ✓ | ​ | ​ | ✓ | ​ | ​ | ✓ | ​ | ​ | ✓ | ​ | ​ | ✓ | ​
Corporate Governance | ​ | ​ | ✓ | ​ | ​ | ✓ | ​ | ​ | ✓ | ​ | ​ | ✓ | ​ | ​ | ✓ | ​ | ​ | ✓ | ​ | ​ | ✓ | ​ | ​ | ✓ | ​ | ​ | ✓ | ​ | ​ | ✓ | ​ | ​ | ✓ | ​
Other Public Company Board | ​ | ​ | ✓ | ​ | ​ | ✓ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ✓ | ​ | ​ | ✓ | ​ | ​ | ✓ | ​ | ​ | ✓ | ​ | ​ | ✓ | ​ | ​ | ✓ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ The lack of a “✓” for a particular item does not mean that the director does not possess that qualification, characteristic, skill or experience. Each of our Board members have experience and/or skills in the enumerated areas, however, the ✓ is designated to indicate that a director has a particular strength in that area. ​ | Age: 62 Director since: 2012 Committees: • None | ​ | ​ | JAMES R. CHAMBERS Chairman of the Board of Big Lots, Inc. Mr. Chambers served as President and Chief Executive Officer and director of Weight Watchers International, Inc. (weight management services provider) from 2013 to late 2016. Since his retirement from Weight Watchers International, Inc. in 2016, he has been serving as a professional director. Mr. Chambers previously served as President of the US Snacks and Confectionery business unit and General Manager of the Immediate Consumption Channel of Kraft Foods Inc. (food manufacturer) until 2011. Mr. Chambers also served as President and CEO of Cadbury Americas (confectionery manufacturer) until 2010 and as the President and Chief Executive Officer of Remy Amerique, Inc. (spirits manufacturer). Prior to his employment with Remy Amerique, Inc., Mr. Chambers served as the Chief Executive Officer of Paxonix, Inc. (online branding and packaging process solutions business), the Chief Executive Officer of Netgrocer.com (online grocery retailer) and the Group President of Information Resources, Inc. (global market research provider). Mr. Chambers spent the first 17 years of his career at Nabisco (food manufacturer), where he held leadership roles in sales, distribution, marketing and information technology, culminating in the role of President, Refrigerated Foods. Mr. Chambers previously served as a director of B&G Foods (food manufacturer) for seven years where he served on its nominating and governance committee and served on the compensation committee and as a director of Weight Watchers International, Inc. Qualifications: Mr. Chambers’ qualifications to serve on the Board include his extensive cross-functional packaged goods industry experience, his extensive leadership experience as a chief executive officer, his 20-year track record in general management and his experience serving on the boards of other public companies. Other Directorships: TIAA Board of Trustees since 2015, where he chairs the audit committee and serves on the human resources committee and the risk and compliance committee. | ​ 7 TABLE OF CONTENTS ​ | Age: 49 Director since: 2020 Committees: • Nominating / Corporate Governance • Capital Allocation Planning | ​ | ​ | ANDREW C. CLARKE Mr. Clarke is the former Chief Financial Officer of C.H. Robinson, Inc. (one of the world’s largest third party logistics and supply chain management providers), a role he held from June 2015 to March 2019. Since his retirement from C.H. Robinson, Inc. in March 2019, he has been serving as a professional director. Previously, Mr. Clarke served as Chief Executive Officer and President at Panther Expedited Services, Inc. (n/k/a Panther Premium Logistics), a wholly owned subsidiary of ArcBest Corporation (logistics provider with expertise in ground expedite, air freight, international air and ocean freight and air charter) from July 2006 to February 2013. Prior to that, Mr. Clarke served as Chief Financial Officer, Senior Vice President and Treasurer at Forward Air Corporation (diversified transportation services corporation) from 2001 to 2006. From 2000 to 2001, Mr. Clarke served as Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer at Logtech Corporation (transportation technology company), a subsidiary of Forward Air. Before that, Mr. Clarke worked in corporate finance analyst roles at financial services companies Deutsche Bank Alex. Brown and A.G. Edwards & Sons, Inc. Mr. Clarke has served as a director of several public companies, including Blount International, Inc. from April 2010 until it was acquired in April 2016, Pacer International, Inc. and Forward Air Corporation. Qualifications: Mr. Clarke’s qualifications to serve on the Board include his experience as a C-suite executive, including 10 years of experience as Chief Financial Officer of a public company, in addition to his other public company board expertise. Other Directorships: Element Fleet Management Corp (fleet management services company) since June 2018. | ​ ​ | Age: 53 Director since: 2018 Committees: • Audit • Nominating /Corporate Governance | ​ | ​ | SEBASTIAN J. DIGRANDE Mr. DiGrande is the former Executive Vice President of Strategy and Chief Customer Officer for Gap Inc. from May 2016 until 2019, where he led the company’s E-Commerce/Digital business, which focused on strategy, consumer and market insights, customer data and analytics, digital and customer marketing, payments, loyalty, and franchise teams. Prior to joining Gap, Inc., Mr. DiGrande was a Senior Partner and Managing Director for The Boston Consulting Group from 1996 to April 2016. He was also a leader in BCG’s Technology, Marketing and Digital Innovation efforts. Since 2019, he has been serving as a professional director. Qualifications: Mr. DiGrande’s qualifications to serve on the Board include his extensive experience in senior management roles including leading one of the largest E-Commerce/Digital business operations, his extensive consulting background and his qualification as an “audit committee financial expert,” as defined by applicable SEC rules. | ​ 8 TABLE OF CONTENTS ​ | Age: 37 Director since: 2020 Committees: • Audit • Capital Allocation Planning | ​ | ​ | AARON GOLDSTEIN Mr. Goldstein has served as a Partner and Portfolio Manager at Macellum Capital Management since April 2014. Prior to that, Mr. Goldstein served as an Analyst at Millennium Management LLC, a New York-based pooled investment fund, from March 2013 to May 2013. Previously, he served as an Analyst at Scopus Asset Management, L.P., a hedge fund, from June 2012 to February 2013. Before that, Mr. Goldstein served as a Vice President at JPMorgan Chase & Co. (American multinational investment bank and financial services holding company) from March 2008 to June 2012. From May 2005 to March 2008, Mr. Goldstein served as an Analyst at The Bear Stearns Companies, Inc. (global investment bank, securities trading and brokerage firm). In 2013, he also served as a consultant to Telsey Advisory Group LLC (research, trading, banking and consulting brokerage firm focused on the consumer sector). Qualifications: Mr. Goldstein’s qualifications to serve on the Board include his 15 years of experience investing in the consumer and retail sector, together with his financial background. | ​ ​ | Age: 59 Director since: 2015 Committees: • Audit (Chair) • Compensation | ​ | ​ | MARLA C. GOTTSCHALK Ms. Gottschalk is the former Chief Executive Officer of The Pampered Chef, Ltd. (marketer of kitchen tools, food products and cookbooks), where she also previously served as President and Chief Operating Officer. Since her retirement from The Pampered Chef, Ltd. in 2013, she has been serving as a professional director. Ms. Gottschalk served as Senior Vice President of Financial Planning and Investor Relations for Kraft Foods, Inc. (food manufacturer), where she also previously served as Executive Vice President and General Manager of the Post Cereal division and Vice President of Marketing and Strategy of the Kraft Cheese division. Qualifications: Ms. Gottschalk’s qualifications to serve on the Board include her extensive experience in operations and strategic management, her qualification as an “audit committee financial expert,” as defined by applicable SEC rules, her extensive leadership experience as a chief executive officer, her expertise in the food industry and her experience serving on the boards of other public companies. Other Directorships: Potbelly Corporation (food retailer) since 2009, where she is chair of the audit committee and a member of the compensation committee; Reynolds Consumer Products (consumer products) since 2020, where she is chair of the audit committee; Underwriter Laboratories since 2009, where she is chair of the compensation committee and serves on the nominating and governance committee; and Ocean Spray Cranberries, Inc. since 2014, where she serves on the nominating and governance committee and the audit committee. | ​ 9 TABLE OF CONTENTS ​ | Age: 60 Director since: 2015 Committees: • Compensation • Nominating /Corporate Governance (Chair) • Capital Allocation Planning | ​ | ​ | CYNTHIA T. JAMISON Ms. Jamison served as Chief Financial Officer or Chief Operating Officer of several companies during her tenure from 1999 to 2009 at Tatum, LLC (executive services firm). From 2005 to 2009, she led the CFO services practice and was a member of the firm’s operating committee. After retiring from Tatum, Ms. Jamison subsequently served as Chief Financial Officer of AquaSpy, Inc. from 2009 to 2012 (provider of soil moisture sensors to monitor soil moisture levels). Since her retirement from AquaSpy Inc. in 2012, she has been serving as a professional director. Ms. Jamison has also served as Chief Financial Officer of Chart House Enterprises (food retailer) and held various financial positions at Allied Domecq Retailing USA, Kraft General Foods and Arthur Anderson LLP. Ms. Jamison previously served as a director of B&G Foods, Inc. (food manufacturer and distributor) from 2004 to 2015, where she served as chair of the audit committee. She previously held board seats at Horizon Organic Holdings from 2001 to 2003 and Cellu Tissue, Inc. Qualifications: Ms. Jamison’s qualifications to serve on the Board include her extensive experience in financial and accounting matters, including public company reporting, as well as strategy and capitalization expertise, her qualification as an “audit committee financial expert,” as defined by applicable SEC rules, and her key management, leadership, financial and strategic planning, corporate governance and public company executive and board experience. Other Directorships: Tractor Supply Company (farm and ranch retailer) since 2002, where she has served as chairman since 2014; Darden, Inc. (food retailer) since 2014, where she serves as chair of the audit committee and a member of the compensation committee; and Office Depot, Inc. (office supply retailer) since 2013, where she is chair of the audit committee and a member of the corporate governance and nominating committee. | ​ 10 TABLE OF CONTENTS ​ | Age: 67 Director since: Nominated in April 2020 Committees: None | ​ | ​ | THOMAS A. KINGSBURY Mr. Kingsbury served as President, Chief Executive Officer and a member of the Board of Directors of Burlington Stores, Inc. from 2008 to 2019. He also served as Executive Chairman of the Board of Directors of Burlington Stores, Inc. from September 2014 to January 2020. Mr. Kingsbury previously served as Senior Executive Vice President of Information Services, E-Commerce, Marketing and Business Development of Kohl’s Corporation from August 2006 to December 2008. Mr. Kingsbury also held various management positions with The May Department Stores Company commencing in 1976, including President and Chief Executive Officer of the Filene’s division from 2000 to 2006. Qualifications: Mr. Kingsbury qualifications to serve on the board include his valuable perspectives and unique insights developed from more than 40 years of experience in the retail industry, providing him with a comprehensive understanding of customer dynamics and shifting consumer preferences, his broad-based retail experience and extensive experience in senior leadership positions, including his service as a former president and chief executive officer and as a current director of a publicly traded retail company and his qualification as an “audit committee financial expert,” as defined by applicable SEC rules. Other Directorships : Tractor Supply Company since 2017, where he serves on the Corporate Governance and Nominating Committee and the Compensation Committee and B.J.’s Wholesale Club, Inc. since 2020, where he serves on the Compensation Committee. | ​ 11 TABLE OF CONTENTS ​ | Age: 64 Director since: 2018 Committees: • Audit • Compensation | ​ | ​ | CHRISTOPHER J. MCCORMICK Mr. McCormick is the former President and Chief Executive Officer of L.L. Bean, Inc. (clothing and outdoor recreation equipment retailer). He joined L.L. Bean, Inc. in 1983 and held a number of leadership positions in Advertising and Marketing, prior to his tenure as President and Chief Executive Officer from 2001 until March 2016. Since his retirement from L.L. Bean, Inc. in 2016, he has been serving as a professional director. Mr. McCormick previously served as a director of Sun Life Financial, Inc. (financial services company) from 2017 to 2019, where he served as a member of the compensation committee and nominating corporate governance committee. Qualifications : Mr. McCormick’s qualifications to serve on the Board include his extensive leadership experience as a chief executive officer of a retail company, his service on the boards of other public companies and his qualification as an “audit committee financial expert,” as defined by applicable SEC Rules. Other Directorships : Levi Strauss & Co. (clothing retailer) since 2016, where he is a member of the audit committee and the finance committee. | ​ ​ | Age: 67 Director since: 2015 Committees: • Compensation (Chair) • Nominating /Corporate Governance | ​ | ​ | NANCY A. REARDON Ms. Reardon is the former Senior Vice President and Chief Human Resources and Communications Officer of Campbell Soup Company (food manufacturer). Since her retirement from Campbell Soup Company in 2012, she has been serving as a professional director. Additionally, Ms. Reardon served as Executive Vice President of Human Resources for Comcast Cable Communications, Inc. (telecommunications provider) from 2002 to 2004. Prior to that, Ms. Reardon served as Partner and Executive Vice President, Human Resources and Corporate Affairs for Borden Capital Management Partners from 1997 to 2002, where she developed financial and merger and acquisition skills through her involvement in multiple transactions for a portfolio of operating companies. Ms. Reardon previously served as a director of Warnaco Group, Inc. (apparel retailer) where she served as a member of the audit committee and the compensation committee. Qualifications: Ms. Reardon’s qualifications to serve on the Board include her extensive experience in senior management roles, her experience on the boards of other private and charitable organizations, her experience leading human resources departments and in communications and public affairs, her leadership skills and her skills in human capital management, talent development and succession planning. Other Directorships: Signet Jewelers Limited (jewelry retailer) since 2018, where she chairs the compensation committee. | ​ 12 TABLE OF CONTENTS ​ | Age: 53 Director since: 2015 Committees: • Audit • Nominating /Corporate Governance • Capital Allocation Planning (Chair) | ​ | ​ | WENDY L. SCHOPPERT Ms. Schoppert is the former Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Sleep Number Corporation (bedding retailer and manufacturer) from June 2011 to February 2014, where she also served as Chief Information Officer and led Marketing, Digital, International, and New Channel Development. Since her retirement from Sleep Number Corporation in 2014, she has been serving as a professional director. Prior to joining Sleep Number, Ms. Schoppert led US Bank’s Private Asset Management team from 2004 to 2005 and served as Head of Product, Marketing & Corporate Development for U.S. Bank’s Asset Management division from 2002 to 2004. Ms. Schoppert began her career in the airline industry, serving in various financial, strategic and general management leadership positions at American Airlines, Northwest Airlines and America West Airlines. Ms. Schoppert also previously served as a director Gaia, Inc. (formerly Gaiam, Inc.) from 2013 to 2018. Qualifications: Ms. Schoppert’s qualifications to serve on the Board include her qualification as an “audit committee financial expert,” as defined by applicable SEC Rules, her extensive retail experience across finance, information technology, digital and marketing, and her significant financial leadership and expertise with respect to the oversight of financial reporting and disclosure for public companies. Other Directorships: The Hershey Company (a global confectionery company) since 2017, where she serves on the audit committee and finance & risk management committee, and Bremer Financial Corporation (a financial services firm) since 2017, where she chairs the audit committee and serves on the compensation committee. | ​ ​ | Age: 53 Director since: 2018 Committees: • Capital Allocation Planning (nonvoting member) | ​ | ​ | BRUCE K. THORN Mr. Thorn is our President and Chief Executive Officer. Before joining Big Lots in September 2018, he served as President (since 2017) and Chief Operating Officer (since 2015) of Tailored Brands, Inc. (a leading specialty retailer of men’s tailored clothing and formalwear) until 2018. Mr. Thorn also previously held various enterprise-level roles with PetSmart, Inc. (a pet supply retailer), most recently as Executive Vice President, Store Operations, Services and Supply Chain, as well as leadership positions with The Gap, Inc., Cintas Corp, LESCO, Inc. and The United States Army. Qualifications: Mr. Thorn’s qualifications to serve on the Board include his day-to-day leadership as President and Chief Executive Officer of Big Lots, strong leadership skills, proven management capabilities and more than 25 years of diverse retail and services experience. | ​ THE BOARD RECOMMENDS THAT YOU VOTE FOR THE ELECTION OF EACH NOMINEE LISTED ABOVE. 13 TABLE OF CONTENTS ​ GOVERNANCE The following table sets forth some of our key governance policies and practices we have implemented to advance the objectives and long term interests of our shareholders: Governance Highlights ​ | • Ten of our eleven current directors are independent ​ | ​ | ​ | • Four of our ten independent director nominees are women ​ | ​
​ | • Annual election of all directors and Majority Voting Standard ​ | ​ | ​ | • Annual shareholder engagement ​ | ​
​ | • Proxy Access for our shareholders ​ | ​ | ​ | • We have a non-executive chairman ​ | ​
​ | • Executive session of non-employee directors at all board meetings ​ | ​ | ​ | • Mandatory Board Retirement at age 72 ​ | ​
​ | • All committees composed of independent directors ​ | ​ | ​ | • Limit of 4 public company directorships Board members may hold ​ | ​
​ | • Annual board and committee self-evaluations ​ | ​ | ​ | • Director orientation and continuing education ​ | ​ Board Leadership and Independent Chairman of the Board The Board is currently composed of the individuals identified in Proposal One, except for Mr. Kingsbury, who is not an existing director, and Mr. Berger, who is retiring and not standing for reelection at the Annual Meeting. Mr. Berger and each of the director nominees (other than Mr. Thorn, our Chief Executive Officer (“CEO”) and President), qualifies as an independent (as defined by the applicable NYSE rules) non-employee director (“non-employee directors”). Mr. Chambers, a non-employee director, serves as non-executive Chairman of the Board (“Chairman”). The Board believes it should have the flexibility to establish a leadership structure that works best for us at a particular time, and it reviews that structure from time to time, including in the context of a change in leadership. The Chairman works with management to plan the agendas for meetings of the Board, chairs the Board meetings, and is responsible for briefing our CEO, as needed, concerning executive sessions of the independent members of the Board. The Chairman also determines when additional meetings of the Board are needed. Additionally, the Chairman communicates informally with other directors between meetings of the Board to foster free and open dialogue among directors. Board Meetings in Fiscal 2019 The Board held four meetings during fiscal 2019. During fiscal 2019, each director attended at least 75% of the aggregate of the total number of meetings of the Board and the committees on which he or she served (in each case, held during the periods that he or she served). Except for Messrs. Clarke, Goldstein and Kingsbury, who did not stand for election at our 2019 Annual Meeting of Shareholders, all of our directors attended our 2019 annual meeting of shareholders, as required by our Corporate Governance Guidelines. In addition, the non-employee directors met in executive session at each of the Board’s meetings. Role of the Board’s Committees The Board has standing Audit, Compensation, Nominating / Corporate Governance, and Capital Allocation Planning Committees. The Board established the Capital Allocation Planning Committee in April 2020 and its role is currently being formalized by the Board. Each of these committees reports its activities to the Board. Audit Committee The primary function of the Audit Committee is to assist the Board in fulfilling its oversight responsibility with respect to: (1) the integrity of the financial reports and other financial information provided by us to our shareholders and others; ​ 14 TABLE OF CONTENTS (2) our compliance with legal and regulatory requirements; ​ (3) the engagement of our independent registered public accounting firm and the evaluation of the firm’s qualifications, independence and performance; ​ (4) the performance of our system of internal controls; ​ (5) the oversight of the performance of the internal audit function; ​ (6) our audit, accounting and financial reporting processes generally; and ​ (7) the evaluation of enterprise risk issues. ​ All members of the Audit Committee are independent as required by the Audit Committee’s charter and by the applicable NYSE and SEC rules. The Board has determined that each member of the Audit Committee is “financially literate,” as required by NYSE rules, and each of Messrs. Goldstein, DiGrande and McCormick and Mses. Gottschalk, Jamison and Schoppert is an “audit committee financial expert,” as defined by applicable SEC rules. The functions of the Audit Committee are further described in its charter, which is available in the Investor Relations section of our website (www.biglots.com) under the “Corporate Governance” caption. The Audit Committee met eight times during fiscal 2019. Compensation Committee The Compensation Committee discharges the responsibilities of the Board relating to the administration of our compensation programs, including the compensation program for our executive leadership team (“Leadership Team”). Our Leadership Team is composed of the current executives named in the Summary Compensation Table (“named executive officers”) and other executives reporting to our CEO. The responsibilities of the Compensation Committee include: (1) establishing our general compensation philosophy; ​ (2) overseeing the development of our compensation programs; ​ (3) approving goals and objectives for the incentive compensation awarded to the Leadership Team; ​ (4) reviewing and recommending to the Board the other compensation for our CEO and the Leadership Team; ​ (5) in coordination with the Nominating / Corporate Governance Committee, monitoring issues associated with CEO succession planning and management development; ​ (6) administering our compensation programs; and ​ (7) reporting on the entirety of the executive compensation program to the Board. ​ The Compensation Committee annually conducts a compensation risk assessment. The purpose of the assessment is to identify risks arising from the Company’s compensation policies, practices and programs and the controls in place to mitigate any such risks. The Compensation Committee determined that our compensation policies are consistent with our overall risk structure and that we award a significant portion of our Leadership Teams compensation on the accomplishment of financial performance goals that are measured over a three-year period. Because operating profit, earnings per share and return on invested capital are the performance measures used in connection with a significant portion of the incentive compensation awards, we believe associates are encouraged to take a balanced approach that focuses on corporate profitability and performance, rather than other measures such as revenue targets, which may incent associates to drive sales levels without regard to cost structure. If the Company is not profitable at a reasonable level, there are limited or no payouts under the bonus programs and restricted stock units may not vest. The Company has internal controls over the measurement and calculation of the performance measures, including operating profit, earnings per share, return on invested capital, sales and net income. 15 TABLE OF CONTENTS These controls, and the auditing of the Company’s financial statements by an independent registered public accounting firm, are designed to keep the Company, including its compensation programs, from being susceptible to manipulation by associates. In addition, our associates are subject to the Company’s Code of Business Conduct and Ethics which covers, among other things, accuracy of books and records. During fiscal 2019, Mses. Gottschalk and Reardon and Messrs. Berger and McCormick served on our Compensation Committee. All members of the Compensation Committee are independent as required by the Compensation Committee’s charter and NYSE rules. The functions of the Compensation Committee are further described in its charter, which is available in the Investor Relations section of our website (www.biglots.com) under the “Corporate Governance” caption. The Compensation Committee met four times during fiscal 2019. Nominating / Corporate Governance Committee The responsibilities of the Nominating / Corporate Governance Committee include: (1) recommending individuals to the Board for nomination as members of the Board and its committees; ​ (2) taking a leadership role in shaping our corporate governance policies and practices, including recommending to the Board changes to our Corporate Governance Guidelines and monitoring compliance with such guidelines; ​ (3) developing and recommending to the Board appropriate criteria for determining director independence; ​ (4) in coordination with the Compensation Committee, monitoring issues associated with CEO succession planning and management development; ​ (5) overseeing the evaluation of the Board and CEO; and ​ (6) reviewing the compensation of the members of the Board and recommending any changes to such compensation to the Board for its approval. ​ During fiscal 2019, Mses. Jamison, Reardon and Schoppert and Messrs. Berger and DiGrande served on our Nominating / Corporate Governance Committee. All members of the Nominating / Corporate Governance Committee are independent as required by the Committee’s charter and NYSE rules. The functions of the Nominating / Corporate Governance Committee are further described in its charter, which is available in the Investor Relations section of our website (www.biglots.com) under the “Corporate Governance” caption. The Nominating / Corporate Governance Committee met four times during fiscal 2019. Selection of Nominees by the Board The Nominating / Corporate Governance Committee has oversight over a broad range of issues relating to the composition and operation of the Board. The Nominating / Corporate Governance Committee is responsible for recommending to the Board the appropriate skills and qualifications required of Board members, based on our needs from time to time. The Nominating / Corporate Governance Committee also evaluates prospective director nominees against the standards and qualifications set forth in the Corporate Governance Guidelines. Although the Nominating / Corporate Governance Committee has not approved any specific minimum qualifications that must be met by a nominee for director recommended by the Nominating / Corporate Governance Committee and has not adopted a formal policy with regard to the consideration of diversity in identifying director nominees, the Nominating / Corporate Governance Committee considers factors such as the prospective nominee’s relevant experience, character, intelligence, independence, commitment, judgment, prominence, age, and compatibility with our CEO, senior management and other members of the Board. The Nominating / Corporate Governance Committee also considers other relevant factors that it deems appropriate, including the current composition of the Board, the alignment of the Board members’ skills and experiences with our strategic plan, diversity, experience with succession planning, crisis management, the balance of management and independent directors, public 16 TABLE OF CONTENTS company experience and the need for committee expertise. Before commencing a search for a new director nominee, the Nominating / Corporate Governance Committee confers with the Board regarding the factors it intends to consider in its search. In identifying potential candidates for Board membership, the Nominating / Corporate Governance Committee considers recommendations from the Board, shareholders and management, as well as proxy access candidates. Any shareholder who wishes to recommend a prospective director nominee to the Board must send written notice to: Chair of the Nominating / Corporate Governance Committee, Big Lots, Inc., 4900 E. Dublin-Granville Road, Columbus, Ohio 43081. The written notice must include the prospective nominee’s name, age, business address, principal occupation, ownership of our Common Shares, information that would be required under the rules of the SEC in a proxy statement soliciting proxies for the election of such prospective nominee as a director, and any other information that is deemed relevant by the recommending shareholder. Shareholder recommendations that comply with these procedures and that meet the factors outlined above will receive the same consideration that the recommendations of the Board and management receive. Pursuant to its written charter, the Nominating / Corporate Governance Committee has the authority to retain consultants and search firms to assist in the process of identifying and evaluating director candidates and to approve the fees and other retention terms for any such consultant or search firm. The Nominating / Corporate Governance Committee did not retain any consultant or search firm in connection with the selection of the Board’s nominees for election as directors at the Annual Meeting, as they are all currently members of the Board. Director Vote Standard and Policy Our Amended Articles of Incorporation impose a majority vote standard in uncontested elections of directors and our Corporate Governance Guidelines contain a majority vote policy applicable to uncontested elections of directors. Article Eighth of our Amended Articles of Incorporation provides that if a quorum is present at the Annual Meeting, a director nominee in an uncontested election will be elected to the Board if the number of votes cast for such nominee’s election exceeds the number of votes cast against and/or withheld from such nominee’s election. The majority vote policy contained in our Corporate Governance Guidelines requires any nominee for director who does not receive more votes cast for such nominee’s election than votes cast against and/or withheld as to his or her election to deliver his or her resignation from the Board to the Nominating / Corporate Governance Committee. Broker non-votes have no effect in determining whether the required affirmative majority vote has been obtained. Withheld votes have the same effect as a vote against a director nominee. Upon its receipt of such resignation, the Nominating / Corporate Governance Committee will promptly consider the resignation and recommend to the Board whether to accept the resignation or to take other action. The Board will act on the recommendation of the Nominating / Corporate Governance Committee no later than 100 days following the certification of the shareholder vote. The Nominating / Corporate Governance Committee, in making its recommendation, and the Board, in making its decision, will evaluate such resignation in light of the best interests of Big Lots and our shareholders and may consider any factors and other information they deem relevant. We will promptly publicly disclose the Board’s decision in a periodic or current report to the SEC. Determination of Director Independence The Board affirmatively determined that, Mr. Berger and all of the directors nominated for election at the Annual Meeting other than Mr. Thorn are independent of Big Lots, its subsidiaries and its management under the standards set forth in the NYSE rules, and no director nominee has a material relationship with Big Lots, its subsidiaries or its management aside from his or her service as a director. In determining that Mr. Berger and each of the director nominees other than Mr. Thorn is independent, the Board considered charitable contributions to not-for-profit organizations of which these director nominees or their immediate family members are executive officers or directors and determined that each of the transactions and relationships it considered was immaterial and did not impair the independence of any of the directors. 17 TABLE OF CONTENTS In addition, all members of the Board’s standing Audit Committee meet the independence standards required by the Audit Committee’s charter and by the applicable NYSE and SEC rules. All members of the Compensation Committee meet the independence standards required by the Compensation Committee’s charter and NYSE rules. The charters for the Board’s Audit, Compensation and Nominating / Corporate Governance Committees in the Investor Relations section of our website (www.biglots.com) under the “Corporate Governance” caption. Related Person Transactions Our Corporate Governance Guidelines, Code of Business Conduct and Ethics, Code of Ethics for Financial Professionals, and human resources policies prohibit (without the consent of the Board or the Nominating / Corporate Governance Committee) directors, officers and employees from engaging in transactions that conflict with our interests or that otherwise usurp corporate opportunities. Pursuant to our written related person transaction policy, the Nominating / Corporate Governance Committee evaluates “related person transactions.” Consistent with SEC rules, we consider a related person transaction to be any transaction, arrangement or relationship (or any series of similar transactions, arrangements or relationships) in which Big Lots or a subsidiary thereof is, was or will be a participant: (1) involving more than $120,000; and ​ (2) in which any of our directors, nominees for director, executive officers, holders of more than five percent of our Common Shares or their respective immediate family members had, has or will have a direct or indirect material interest. ​ Under our policy, our directors, executive officers and other members of management are responsible for bringing all transactions, whether proposed or existing, of which they have knowledge and which they believe may constitute related person transactions to the attention of our General Counsel. If our General Counsel determines that the transaction constitutes a related person transaction, our General Counsel will notify the chair of the Nominating / Corporate Governance Committee. Thereafter, the Nominating / Corporate Governance Committee will review the related person transaction, considering all factors and information it deems relevant, and either approve or disapprove the transaction in light of what the Committee believes to be the best interests of Big Lots and our shareholders. If advance approval is not practicable or if a related person transaction that has not been approved is discovered, the Nominating / Corporate Governance Committee will promptly consider whether to ratify the related person transaction. Where advance approval is not practicable or we discover a related person transaction that has not been approved and the Committee disapproves the transaction, the Committee will, taking into account all of the factors and information it deems relevant (including the rights available to us or other parties under the transaction), determine whether we should amend, rescind or terminate the transaction in light of what it believes to be the best interests of Big Lots and its shareholders. Examples of factors and information that the Nominating / Corporate Governance Committee may consider in its evaluation of a related person transaction include: (1) our reasons for entering into the transaction; ​ (2) the terms of the transaction; ​ (3) the benefits of the transaction to us; ​ (4) the comparability of the transaction to similar transactions with unrelated third parties; ​ (5) the materiality of the transaction to each party; ​ (6) the nature of the related person’s interest in the transaction; ​ (7) the potential impact of the transaction on the status of an independent director; and ​ (8) the alternatives to the transaction. ​ 18 TABLE OF CONTENTS Additionally, each director, nominee for director and executive officer must complete an annual questionnaire that requires written disclosure of any related person transaction. The responses to these questionnaires are reviewed by the Nominating / Corporate Governance Committee and our General Counsel to identify any potential conflicts of interest or potential related person transactions. The son-in-law of Lisa Bachmann, our Executive Vice President, Chief Merchandising and Operating Officer, is employed by Big Lots as a senior buyer and in fiscal 2019 received compensation greater than $120,000 but less than $150,000. Oversight of Corporate Strategy The Board actively oversees management’s establishment and execution of corporate strategy, including major business and organizational initiatives, annual budget and long-term strategic plans, capital allocation priorities and potential corporate development opportunities. At the Board and committee meetings and throughout the year, the Board regularly receives information and formal updates from our management and actively engages with the Leadership Team with respect to our corporate strategy, oversight of corporate culture and human capital management. The Board’s independent directors also hold regularly scheduled executive sessions at which strategy is discussed. Board’s Role in Risk Oversight The Board and its committees play an important role in overseeing the identification, assessment and mitigation of risks that are material to us. In fulfilling this responsibility, the Board and its committees regularly consult with management to evaluate and, when appropriate, modify our risk management strategies. While each committee is responsible for evaluating certain risks and overseeing the management of such risks, the entire Board is regularly informed about such risks through committee reports. The Board oversees the conduct of our business and the assessment of our business and other enterprise risks to evaluate whether the business is being properly managed. The Board also oversees the processes for maintaining our integrity with regard to our financial statements and other public disclosures, and compliance with law and ethics. The Audit Committee assists the Board in fulfilling its oversight responsibility relating to the performance of our system of internal controls, legal and regulatory compliance, cyber-security matters, our audit, accounting and financial reporting processes, and the evaluation of enterprise risk issues, particularly those risk issues not overseen by other committees. The Compensation Committee is responsible for overseeing the management of risks relating to our compensation programs. The Nominating / Corporate Governance Committee manages risks associated with corporate governance, related person transactions, succession planning, and business conduct and ethics. The Public Policy and Environmental Affairs Committee, a management committee that reports to the Nominating / Corporate Governance Committee, oversees management of risks associated with public policy, environmental affairs and social matters that may affect our operations, performance or public image. Corporate Governance Guidelines Our Corporate Governance Guidelines are in compliance with NYSE rules and can be found in the Investor Relations section of our website (www.biglots.com) under the “Corporate Governance” caption. Code of Business Conduct and Ethics & Code of Ethics for Financial Professionals We have a Code of Business Conduct and Ethics, which applies to all of our directors, officers and employees. We also have a Code of Ethics for Financial Professionals which applies to our principal executive officer, principal financial officer, principal accounting officer, controller and other persons performing similar functions. Both the Code of Business Conduct and Ethics and the Code of Ethics for Financial Professionals are available in the Investor Relations section of our website (www.biglots.com) under the “Corporate Governance” caption. We intend to post amendments to or waivers from any applicable provision (related to elements listed under Item 406(b) of Regulation S-K) of the Code of Business Conduct and Ethics and the Code of Ethics for Financial Professionals (in each case, to the extent applicable to our principal executive officer, principal financial officer, principal accounting officer, controller or persons 19 TABLE OF CONTENTS performing similar functions), if any, in the Investor Relations section of our website (www.biglots.com) under the “Corporate Governance” caption. Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation During fiscal 2019, Mses. Gottschalk and Reardon and Messrs. Berger and McCormick served on our Compensation Committee. No member of our Compensation Committee serves, or at any time has served, as one of our officers or employees or has, or during fiscal 2019, had a material interest in any related person transaction, as defined in Item 404 of Regulation S-K. None of our executive officers serves or, during fiscal 2019, served as a member of the board of directors or compensation committee of any other company that has or had an executive officer serving as a member of the Board or our Compensation Committee. Communications with the Board Shareholders and other parties interested in communicating directly with the Board, with specified individual directors or with the non-employee directors as a group, may do so by choosing one of the following options: ​ | Call: | ​ | ​ | (866) 834-7325 | ​
​ | Write: | ​ | ​ | Big Lots Board of Directors, 4900 E. Dublin-Granville Road, Columbus, Ohio 43081 | ​
​ | Online Message: | ​ | ​ | http://biglotsbigvoice.com | ​ Under a process approved by the Nominating / Corporate Governance Committee for handling correspondence received by us and addressed to non-employee directors, our General Counsel reviews all such correspondence and forwards to the Board or appropriate members of the Board a summary and/or copies of any such correspondence that deals with the functions of the Board, members or committees thereof or otherwise requires their attention. Directors may at any time review a log of all correspondence received by us and directed to members of the Board and may request copies of any such correspondence. Concerns relating to our accounting, internal accounting controls or auditing matters will be referred to the Audit Committee. Concerns relating to the Board or members of senior management will be referred to the Nominating / Corporate Governance Committee. Parties submitting communications to the Board may choose to do so anonymously or confidentially. Summary of the Settlement Agreement On April 22, 2020, the Company entered into a settlement agreement (the “Settlement Agreement”) with Macellum Opportunity Fund LP, Macellum Management, LP, Macellum Advisors GP, LLC, Ancora Merlin Institutional, LP, Ancora Merlin, LP, Ancora Catalyst Institutional, LP, Ancora Catalyst, LP, Ancora SPV I LP, Ancora SPV I SPC Ltd — Segregated Portfolio C and Ancora Advisors LLC (collectively, the “Investor Group”). Effective upon execution and delivery of the Settlement Agreement, the Board appointed each of Aaron Goldstein (the “Macellum Designee”) and Andrew Clarke (together with the Macellum Designee, the “Investor Group Designees”) to the Board. The Board has (i) appointed each of the Investor Group Designees to at least one standing committee of the Board and (ii) formed a new capital allocation planning committee, which shall be composed of each of the Investor Group Designees, the Company’s Chief Executive Officer, Bruce K. Thorn (as nonvoting member), Cynthia T. Jamison and Wendy L. Schoppert (who will chair the committee). Effective upon execution and delivery of the Settlement Agreement, the Investor Group withdrew its notice of intent to nominate director candidates for election to the Board at the Annual Meeting. The Settlement Agreement further provides, among other things, that: • The Company will nominate Thomas A. Kingsbury as a nominee for election to the Board at the Aannual Meeting of shareholders. Mr. Kingsbury will be invited as a guest to all meetings of the Board held prior to the Annual Meeting. ​ 20 TABLE OF CONTENTS • At the Annual Meeting, one incumbent director will not stand for reelection and as of the conclusion of the Annual Meeting, the size of the Board will be no larger than eleven members through the Standstill Period (as defined below) unless approved by the Company’s shareholders in connection with certain extraordinary transactions. ​ • The Company will hold the Annual Meeting by June 15, 2020 and the 2021 annual meeting of shareholders (the “2021 Annual Meeting”) by May 31, 2021. ​ • In the event the Investor Group’s beneficial ownership falls below 3% in the aggregate of the Company’s outstanding Common Shares, the Macellum Designee (or any replacement thereof pursuant to the Settlement Agreement) will tender his resignation to the Board (without any replacement rights). ​ • As long as the Investor Group beneficially owns 3% or more of the Company’s Common Shares, if either Investor Group Designee ceases to be a director of the Company for any reason, the Investor Group may propose replacement directors that are reasonably acceptable to the Board, subject to certain exceptions and approval of such replacement by the Nominating / Corporate Governance Committee of the Board. ​ • The Investor Group will be subject to customary standstill restrictions, including, among others, with respect to acquiring beneficial ownership of more than 12.5% of Common Shares in the aggregate, proxy solicitations and related matters, public proposals for extraordinary transactions and other changes; subject to certain carveouts; ​ • The Investor Group will vote all of its Common Shares in accordance with the Board’s recommendations for the election, removal and/or replacement of directors (a “Director Proposal”) and all other proposals except for (i) proposals with respect to certain extraordinary transactions; (ii) proposals with respect to implementation of takeover defenses; and (iii) proposals (except for a Director Proposal) for which either Institutional Shareholder Services, Inc. or Glass Lewis & Co., LLC make voting recommendations that differ from the Board’s recommendations. ​ • Each party agrees not to make any public or private defaming or disparaging statements about the other party, subject to certain exceptions. ​ • Each party agrees not to institute any lawsuit, action, suit, claim or other proceeding before any court against the other party, subject to certain exceptions. ​ • Macellum and the Macellum Designee have entered into a confidentiality agreement with the Company, in the form attached to the Settlement Agreement. ​ • The Settlement Agreement will terminate upon the end of the “Standstill Period”, which is the earlier of (i) February 28, 2021 and (ii) 30 days prior to the nomination deadline set forth in the Company’s proxy statement, code of regulations or other public disclosure. The Company has agreed to give notice to the Investor Group at least 30 days prior to the end of the Standstill Period whether the Board intends to renominate the Investor Group Designees. If the Board irrevocably offers in such notice to renominate the Investor Group Designees and the Investor Group accepts such renomination prior to the end of the Standstill Period, then the Standstill Period will be automatically extended until the earlier of (i) February 28, 2022 and (ii) 30 days prior to the nomination deadline for the 2022 annual meeting of shareholders. If the Investor Group does not accept such offer, the Standstill Period will terminate as originally scheduled and the Macellum Designee will resign from the Board upon delivery of any notice of intent to nominate directors at the 2021 Annual Meeting. The Investor Group has agreed to give the Company notice of any intent to nominate directors at the 2021 Annual Meeting by no later than the date that is 30 days following the termination of the Standstill Period, and if it fails to deliver any such notice by such date, no member of the Investor Group will be permitted to nominate directors at, or solicit proxies for, the 2021 Annual Meeting. ​ • The Company will reimburse the Investor Group for its reasonable, documented out-of-pocket fees and expenses incurred in connection with the Annual Meeting and the subject matter of the Settlement Agreement up to an amount of $475,000 in the aggregate. ​ 21 TABLE OF CONTENTS ​ The summary above is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the Settlement Agreement, a copy of which is filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by the Company on April 23, 2020. DIRECTOR COMPENSATION Under the Big Lots, Inc. Non-Employee Director Compensation Package established by the Board, each non-employee director is compensated for Board and committee participation in the form of retainers and fees and a restricted stock unit award. Retainers and Charitable Contributions During fiscal 2019, Messrs. Berger, Chambers, DiGrande and McCormick and Mses. Gottschalk, Jamison, Reardon and Schoppert qualified as non-employee directors and, as a result, received compensation for their Board service. Due to our employment of Mr. Thorn in fiscal 2019, he did not qualify as non-employee directors and they did not receive compensation for his services as a director. The compensation received by Mr. Thorn as an employee is shown in the Summary Compensation Table included in this Proxy Statement. We pay our non-employee directors retainers and fees on a quarterly basis. From the beginning of fiscal 2019 through May 30, 2019, the annual retainers we paid to non-employee directors consisted of: (1) an annual retainer of $85,000 for each non-employee director other than the nonexecutive chair; (2) an annual retainer of $170,000 for the nonexecutive chair; (3) an additional annual retainer of $30,000 for the chair of the Audit Committee; (4) an additional annual retainer of $25,000 for the chair of the Compensation Committee; (5) an additional annual retainer of $20,000 for the chair of the Nominating / Corporate Governance Committee (6) an additional annual retainer of $15,000 for each other member of the Audit Committee; (7) an additional annual retainer of $12,500 for each other member of the Compensation Committee; and (8) an additional annual retainer of $10,000 for each other member of the Nominating / Corporate Governance Committee. Effective May 30, 2019, the Board made the following changes to the annual retainers we pay to non-employee directors: (1) the additional annual retainer for the Audit Committee chair increased to $35,000; and (2) the additional retainer for each other member of the Audit Committee increased to $17,500. Each term during which our non-employee directors serve on the Board, we donate an aggregate annual amount of up to $15,000 to charitable organizations nominated by the non-employee director and make matching charitable donations in an aggregate annual amount of up to $15,000 to charitable organizations to which the non-employee director makes contributions. Restricted Stock Units In June 2019, our nonexecutive chair received a restricted stock unit award having a grant date fair value equal to approximately $210,000 (7,616 Common Shares) and our other non-employee directors received a restricted stock unit award having a grant date fair value equal to approximately $145,000 (5,259 Common Shares). The restricted stock unit awards were made under the terms of the Big Lots 2017 Long-Term Incentive Plan (“2017 LTIP”) and will be settled in our Common Shares on the earlier to occur of (1) the trading day immediately preceding the Annual Meeting or (2) the non-employee director’s death or disability (as defined in the 2017 LTIP). The non-employee director will forfeit the restricted stock units if the non-employee director ceases to serve on the Board before either settlement event occurs. Our non-employee directors may defer all or any portion of their restricted stock unit award until the earlier to occur of (1) the date specified by the non-employee director, (2) the non-employee director’s death or disability or (3) the date the non-employee director ceases to serve as a member of the Board. The non-employee directors must make any deferral election on or before December 31 of the year preceding the grant of the restricted stock unit award (e.g., December 31, 2018 for awards granted in 2019) or, in the case of a newly elected director, within thirty days of the date they become eligible to participate in the 2017 LTIP. 22 TABLE OF CONTENTS Director Compensation Table for Fiscal 2019 The following table summarizes the total compensation for fiscal 2019 for each of our non-employee directors. Name (a) | ​ | ​ | Fees Earned or Paid in Cash ($) (b) | ​ | ​ | Stock Awards ($) (1)(2) (c) | ​ | ​ | Option Awards ($) (d) | ​ | ​ | Non-Equity Incentive Plan Compensation ($) (e) | ​ | ​ | Change in Pension Value and Nonqualified Deferred Compensation Earnings ($) (f) | ​ | ​ | All Other Compensation ($) (3) (g) | ​ | ​ | Total ($) (h) | ​
Mr. Berger | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 107,500 | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 144,991 | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | — | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | — | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | — | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 21,500 | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 273,991 | ​ | ​
Mr. Chambers | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 170,000 | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 209,973 | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | — | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | — | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | — | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 20,000 | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 399,973 | ​ | ​
Mr. DiGrande | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 111,250 | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 144,991 | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | — | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | — | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | — | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 27,500 | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 283,741 | ​ | ​
Ms. Gottschalk | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 130,000 | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 144,991 | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | — | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | — | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | — | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 17,000 | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 291,991 | ​ | ​
Ms. Jamison | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 121,250 | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 144,991 | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | — | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | — | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | — | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 15,000 | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 281,241 | ​ | ​
Mr. McCormick | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 113,750 | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 144,991 | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | — | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | — | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | — | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 15,000 | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 273,741 | ​ | ​
Ms. Reardon | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 120,000 | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 144,991 | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | — | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | — | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | — | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 13,000 | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 277,991 | ​ | ​
Ms. Schoppert | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 111,250 | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 144,991 | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | — | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | — | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | — | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 23,350 | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 281,591 | ​ | ​ ​ (1) Amounts in this column reflect the aggregate grant date fair value of the restricted stock unit awards granted to the non-employee directors in fiscal 2019 as computed in accordance with Financial Accounting Standards Board Accounting Standards Codification Topic 718 (“ASC 718”). The full grant date fair value of the fiscal 2019 restricted stock unit award granted to our nonexecutive chair and each non-employee director was based on individual awards of 7,616 and 5,259 Common Shares, respectively, at a per common share value of $27.57 on the grant date. In accordance with ASC 718 and the 2017 LTIP, the per common share grant date value is the closing price of our Common Shares on the NYSE on the grant date. ​ (2) As of February 1, 2020, Mr. Chambers held 7,616 shares of restricted stock units and Mses. Gottschalk, Jamison, Reardon and Schoppert and Messrs. Berger, DiGrande and McCormick held 5,259 shares of restricted stock units. ​ (3) Amounts in this column reflect both matching contributions and payments made by us during fiscal 2019 to charitable organizations nominated by the specified directors. ​ 23 TABLE OF CONTENTS ​ STOCK OWNERSHIP Ownership of Our Common Shares by Certain Beneficial Owners and Management The following table sets forth certain information with regard to the beneficial ownership of our Common Shares by each holder of more than five percent of our Common Shares, each director, each of the current and former executive officers named in the Summary Compensation Table, and all executive officers and directors as a group. The assessment of holders of more than five percent of our Common Shares is based on a review of and reliance upon their respective filings with the SEC. Except as otherwise indicated, all information is as of April 16, 2020. Name and Address of Beneficial Owner or Identity of Group (1) | ​ | ​ | Amount and Nature of Beneficial Ownership (2) | ​ | ​ | Percent of Outstanding Common Shares | ​
Lisa M. Bachmann | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 96,388 | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | * | ​ | ​
Jeffrey P. Berger | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 16,166 | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | * | ​ | ​
James R. Chambers | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 29,271 | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | * | ​ | ​
Andrew C. Clarke | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 0 | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | * | ​ | ​
Sebastian J. DiGrande | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 8,484 | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | * | ​ | ​
Marla C. Gottschalk | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 17,704 | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | * | ​ | ​
Aaron Goldstein | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 0 | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | * | ​ | ​
Cynthia T. Jamison | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 15,854 | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | * | ​ | ​
Timothy A. Johnson | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 0 | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | * | ​ | ​
Thomas A. Kingsbury | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 0 | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | * | ​ | ​
Christopher J. McCormick | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 8,484 | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | * | ​ | ​
Jonathan E. Ramsden | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 0 | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | * | ​ | ​
Nancy A. Reardon | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 15,854 | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | * | ​ | ​
Ronald A. Robins, Jr. | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 24,811 | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | * | ​ | ​
Michael A. Schlonsky | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 64,780 | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | * | ​ | ​
Wendy L. Schoppert | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 15,854 | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | * | ​ | ​
Bruce K. Thorn | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 32,994 | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | * | ​ | ​
BlackRock, Inc. (3) | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 6,082,678 | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 15.6 % | ​ | ​
The Vanguard Group, Inc. (4) | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 4,487,260 | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 11.5 % | ​ | ​
Ancora Advisors, LLC Macellum Capital Management, LLC (5) | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 3,848,655 | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 9.8 % | ​ | ​
LSV Asset Management (6) | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 2,423,238 | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 6.2 % | ​ | ​
Dimensional Fund Advisors LP (7) | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 2,245,526 | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 5.8 % | ​ | ​
All directors, nominees and executive officers as a group (17 persons) | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 346,644 | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | * | ​ | ​ ​ * Represents less than 1.0% of the outstanding Common Shares. ​ (1) Unless otherwise indicated, the address for each director and officer is c/o Big Lots, Inc., 4900 E. Dublin-Granville Road, Columbus, Ohio, 43081. ​ (2) Each person named in the table has sole voting power and sole dispositive power with respect to all Common Shares shown as beneficially owned by such person, except as otherwise stated in the footnotes to this table. The amounts set forth in the table include Common Shares that may be acquired within 60 days of April 1, 2020 through the vesting of restricted stock units awards as follows: Mr. Berger: 5,529; Mr. Chambers: 7,616; Mr. DiGrande: 5,529; Ms. Gottschalk, 5,529; Ms. Jamison: 5,529; Mr. McCormick: 5,529; Ms. Reardon: 5,529; and Ms. Schoppert: 5,529. ​ 24 TABLE OF CONTENTS (3) In its Schedule 13G/A filed on February 4, 2020, BlackRock, Inc., 55 East 52 nd Street, New York, NY 10055, stated that it beneficially owned the number of Common Shares reported in the table as of December 31, 2019, had sole voting power over 5,966,751 of the shares and sole dispositive power over 6,082,678 of the shares, and had no shared voting power or shared dispositive power over any of the reported shares. ​ (4) In its Schedule 13D/A filed on February 12, 2020, The Vanguard Group, Inc., 100 Vanguard Blvd., Malvern, PA 19355, stated that it beneficially owned the number of Common Shares reported in the table as of December 31, 2019, had sole voting power over 38,231 of the shares, had sole dispositive power over 4,448,854 of the shares, had shared dispositive power over 38,406 of the shares, and had shared voting power over 5,404 of the shares. In its Schedule 13G/A, this reporting person indicated that its wholly-owned subsidiaries, Vanguard Fiduciary Trust Company and Vanguard Investments Australia, Ltd., were the beneficial owners of 33,002 and 10,633 Common Shares, respectively. ​ (5) Based on its Schedule 13D/A filed on April 16, 2020, a group consisting of Ancora Merlin Institutional LP, Ancora Merlin, LP, Ancora Catalyst Institutional, LP, Ancora Catalyst, LP, Ancora Catalyst SPV I LP, Ancora Catalyst SPV I SPC Ltd, Ancora Advisors, LLC and Frederick DiSanto (collectively, “ Ancora ”), Macellum Opportunity Fund, LP, Macellum Management, LP, Macellum Advisors GP, LLC and Jonathan Duskin (collectively, “ Macellum ”) and Theresa R. Backes, Suzanne Biszantz, Andrew C. Clarke, Lynne Coté, Steven S. Fishman, Aaron Goldstein, Jeremy I. Liebowitz and Cynthia S. Murray disclosed that it beneficially owned the number of shares reported in the table as of April 16, 2020. Ancora Merlin Institutional LP stated that it beneficially owned and had shared voting power and shared dispositive power over 863,814 of the shares reported in the table, and had no sole voting power or sole dispositive power over any of the reported shares. Ancora Merlin, LP stated that it beneficially owned and had shared voting power and shared dispositive power over 90,054 of the shares reported in the table, and had no sole voting power or sole dispositive power over any of the reported shares. Ancora Catalyst Institutional, LP stated that it beneficially owned and had shared voting power and shared dispositive power over 784,711 of the shares reported in the table, and had no sole voting power or sole dispositive power over any of the reported shares. Ancora Catalyst, LP stated that it beneficially owned and had shared voting power and shared dispositive power over 59,368 of the shares reported in the table, and had no sole voting power or sole dispositive power over any of the reported shares. Ancora Catalyst SPV I LP stated that it beneficially owned and had shared voting power and shared dispositive power over 612,056 of the shares reported in the table, and had no sole voting power or sole dispositive power over any of the reported shares. Ancora Catalyst SPV I SPC Ltd stated that it beneficially owned and had shared voting power and shared dispositive power over 512,040 of the shares reported in the table, and had no sole voting power or sole dispositive power over any of the reported shares. Each of Ancora Advisors, LLC and Frederick DiSanto stated that it and he beneficially owned and had shared voting power and shared dispositive power over 2,922,043 of the shares reported in the table, and had no sole voting power or sole dispositive power over any of the reported shares. Each of Macellum Opportunity Fund, LP, Macellum Management, LP, Macellum Advisors GP, LLC and Jonathan Duskin stated that it or he beneficially owned and had shared voting power and shared dispositive power over 926,612 of the shares, and had no sole voting power or sole dispositive power over any of the reported shares. The remaining members of the group had no sole or shared voting or dispositive power over any of the reported shares. The address of the principal office of Ancora is 6060 Parkland Boulevard, Suite 200, Cleveland, Ohio 44124. The address of the principal office of Macellum is 99 Hudson Street, 5 th Floor, New York, New York 10013. The principal business address of Ms. Backes is 1518 E. Verde Blvd., San Tan Valley, Arizona 85140. The principal business address of Ms. Biszantz is c/o Centric Brands Inc., 1500 N. El Centro, Los Angeles, California 90028. The principal business address of Mr. Clarke is 57 Groveland Terrace, Minneapolis, Minnesota 55403. The principal business address of Ms. Coté is 40 Myles Standish Blvd., Taunton, Massachusetts 02780. The principal business address of Mr. Fishman is 2618 Bulrush Lane, Naples, Florida 34105. The principal business address of Mr. Liebowitz is 138 W. 17th Street, #10, New York, New York 10011. The principal business address of Ms. Murray is 9959 Brassie Road, Naples, Florida 34108. ​ (6) In its Schedule 13G filed on February 11, 2020, LSV Asset Management, 155 North Wacker Drive, Suite 4600, Chicago, IL 60606, stated that it beneficially owned the number of Common Shares reported in the table as of December 31, 2019, had sole voting power over 1,514,288 of the shares and sole ​ 25 TABLE OF CONTENTS dispositive power over 2,423,238 of the shares, and had no shared voting power or shared dispositive power over any of the reported shares. (7) In its Schedule 13G filed on February 12, 2020, Dimensional Fund Advisors LP, Building One, 6300 Bee Cave Road, Austin, TX 78746, stated that it beneficially owned the number of Common Shares reported in the table as of December 31, 2019, had sole voting power over 2,168,842 of the shares and sole dispositive power over 2,245,526 of the shares, and had no shared voting power or shared dispositive power over any of the reported shares. ​ 26 TABLE OF CONTENTS ​ PROPOSAL TWO: APPROVAL OF THE BIG LOTS 2020 LONG-TERM INCENTIVE PLAN Background On March 4, 2020, the Board proposed, based on the recommendation of the Compensation Committee (which we refer to as the “Committee” throughout this discussion of Proposal Two), that our shareholders approve the 2020 LTIP. If our shareholders approve the 2020 LTIP, it will become effective on June 10, 2020, and will replace the 2017 LTIP which will be frozen and no new awards will be granted thereunder. The Board recommends that shareholders approve the 2020 LTIP. The 2020 LTIP is designed to support our long-term business objectives in a manner consistent with our compensation philosophy. The Board believes that by allowing us to continue to offer our employees long-term equity and performance-based compensation through the 2020 LTIP, we will promote the following key objectives of our compensation program: • aligning the interests of salaried employees, outside directors and consultants with those of our shareholders through increased participant ownership of our Common Shares; and ​ • attracting, motivating and retaining experienced and highly qualified salaried employees, outside directors and consultants who will contribute to our financial success. ​ As with the 2017 LTIP, the 2020 LTIP is an omnibus plan that provides for a variety of types of Awards to maintain flexibility. The 2020 LTIP will permit grants of (1) non-qualified stock options (“NQSOs”), (2) incentive stock options (“ISOs”) as defined in Section 422 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended and including applicable rules, regulations and authoritative interpretations thereunder (“IRC”), (3) stock appreciation rights (“SARs”), (4) restricted stock, (5) restricted stock units, (6) deferred stock units, (7) performance shares, (8) performance share units, (9) performance units, (10) cash-based awards, and (11) other stock-based awards (NQSOs, ISOs, SARs, restricted stock, restricted stock units, deferred stock units, performance shares, performance share units, performance units, cash-based awards and other stock-based awards are referred to collectively as “Awards”). All of our and our affiliates’ employees, outside directors and consultants are eligible to receive Awards under the 2020 LTIP. The total number of Common Shares available for Awards under the 2020 LTIP is equal to the sum of (1) 3,600,000 newly issued Common Shares plus (2) any Common Shares subject to the 1,360,943 outstanding full value awards (648,510 restricted stock units and 712,433 performance share units) as of February 1, 2020 that on or after February 1, 2020 cease for any reason to be subject to such awards (other than by reason of exercise or settlement of the awards to the extent they are exercised for or settled in vested and nonforfeitable Common Shares). The Board believes that this number represents a reasonable amount of potential equity dilution and provides a powerful incentive for employees to increase the value of Big Lots for all of our shareholders. As of February 1, 2020, there were 3,307,877 Common Shares available for grant under the 2017 LTIP and 1,144,257 Common Shares underlying awards outstanding under the 2017 LTIP (612,763 of which are underlying restricted stock units and 531,494 of which are underlying performance share units). As of February 1, 2020: (1) the weighted average exercise price of the 148,751 outstanding stock options under our equity compensation plans (including under those plans that previously terminated) was $35.93 and the weighted average remaining term was 0.1 years; and (2) there were 648,510 restricted stock unit awards and 712,433 performance share unit awards outstanding under our equity compensation plans (including those plans that previously terminated). It is our current practice to grant stock-based compensation awards to key employees on an annual basis during the first quarter of each year based on targeted dollar values that are generally competitive with market and our comparator group. Our average share usage rate, sometimes referred to as burn rate, over the three years ended February 1, 2020 (calculated as equity-based awards granted under our equity compensation plan for the relevant year, divided by average basic Common Shares outstanding for that year) is approximately 1.5%. The potential dilution resulting from issuing all 3,600,000 shares authorized under the 2020 LTIP, and taking into account outstanding awards, would be 17.7% on a fully-diluted basis. The 2020 LTIP does not permit the repricing of Awards without the approval of shareholders or the granting of Awards with a reload feature. 27 TABLE OF CONTENTS Any dividend equivalents paid under an Award will be subject to performance conditions and service conditions, as applicable, as the Award with respect to which such dividend equivalents are to be paid. The following summary describes the material features of the 2020 LTIP and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the complete text of the 2020 LTIP attached to this Proxy Statement as Appendix A . Administration Subject to the terms of the 2020 LTIP, the selection of participants in the 2020 LTIP, the level of participation of each participant and the terms and conditions of all Awards will be determined by the Committee. Each member of the Committee will be an “independent director” for purposes of our Corporate Governance Guidelines, the Committee’s charter and the NYSE listing requirements; a “non-employee director” within the meaning of Rule 16b-3 under the Exchange Act; and an “outside director” as historically defined for purposes of Section 162(m). The Committee is currently composed of four directors, each of whom meets all of these criteria. Consistent with the purpose of the 2020 LTIP, the Committee will have the discretionary authority to (1) interpret the terms and intent of the 2020 LTIP, (2) adopt rules and regulations for administering the 2020 LTIP, (3) determine eligibility for Awards and (4) make determinations and take actions that the Committee deems necessary or advisable for administering of the 2020 LTIP. The Committee may delegate authority to administer the 2020 LTIP as it deems appropriate, subject to the express limitations set forth in the 2020 LTIP. Limits on Awards The Board has reserved a number of Common Shares for issuance under the 2020 LTIP equal to the sum of (1) 3,600,000 newly issued Common Shares plus (2) any Common Shares subject to the 1,360,943 outstanding full value awards as of February 1, 2020 that on or after February 1, 2020 cease for any reason to be subject to such awards (other than by reason of exercise or settlement of the awards to the extent they are exercised for or settled in vested and nonforfeitable Common Shares). Of this number, no more than 3,600,000 Common Shares may be issued pursuant to grants of ISOs during the term of the 2020 LTIP. The maximum number of Common Shares subject to Awards granted during a single fiscal year to any non-employee director may not exceed $500,000 in total value (based on the grant date fair value of such Awards for financial reporting purposes). All Awards (other than cash-based awards and Awards of deferred stock units related to elective deferrals of cash compensation) must have a minimum vesting period of at least one year from the date of grant with no vesting prior to the first anniversary of the grant date (or 50 weeks for an Award granted to a non-employee director at the regular annual meeting of shareholders that vests at the next regular annual meeting of shareholders); except (1) in the case of the death, disability or retirement of the participant or termination of employment of a participant in connection with a change in control, and (2) with respect to up to an aggregate of 5% of the Common Shares available for grant authorized under the Plan, which may be granted (or re-granted upon forfeiture) in any form permitted under the Plan without regard to such minimum vesting requirements. The Common Shares available for issuance under the 2020 LTIP will be our authorized but unissued Common Shares and treasury shares. Subject to the terms of the 2020 LTIP, Common Shares covered by an Award will only be counted as used to the extent they are actually issued. To the extent that any Award payable in Common Shares (1) terminates by expiration, forfeiture, cancellation, or otherwise without the issuance of such Common Shares, (2) is settled in cash in lieu of Common Shares, or (3) is exchanged with the Committee’s permission prior to the issuance of Common Shares for Awards not involving Common Shares, the Common Shares covered thereby may again be made subject to Awards under the 2020 LTIP. However, Common Shares which are (a) not issued or delivered as a result of the net settlement of a stock option or stock-settled SAR, (b) withheld to satisfy tax withholding obligations on a stock option or SAR issued under the 2020 LTIP, (c) tendered to pay the exercise price of a stock option or the grant price of a SAR under the 2020 LTIP, or (d) repurchased on the open market with the proceeds of a stock option exercise will no longer be eligible to be again available for grant under the 2020 LTIP. 28 TABLE OF CONTENTS Eligibility and Participation All of our and our affiliates’ employees, outside directors and consultants will be eligible to participate in the 2020 LTIP. As of February 1, 2020, we and our affiliates had approximately 34,000 employees and eight outside directors. We are unable to reasonably estimate the number of consultants who will be eligible to receive awards under the 2020 LTIP. In fiscal 2019, approximately 120 employees, eight outside directors and no consultants received equity incentive awards, although this may vary from year to year. From time to time, the Committee will determine who will be granted Awards, the number of shares subject to such grants, and all other terms of Awards. Types of Awards Stock Options Stock options granted under the 2020 LTIP may be either NQSOs or ISOs. The exercise price of any stock option granted may not be less than the fair market value of the Company’s Common Shares on the date the stock option is granted. The stock option exercise price is payable (1) in cash, (2) by tendering previously acquired Common Shares (subject to the satisfaction of the holding period set forth in the 2020 LTIP) having an aggregate fair value at the time of exercise equal to the exercise price, (3) through a broker-assisted cashless exercise, or (4) by any combination of the foregoing. The Committee determines the terms of each stock option grant at the time of the grant. However, the aggregate fair market value (determined as of the date of the grant) of the Common Shares subject to ISOs that are exercisable by any participant for the first time in any calendar year may not be greater than $100,000. The Committee specifies at the time each stock option is granted the time or times at which, and in what proportions, the stock option becomes vested and exercisable. No stock option shall be exercisable later than the tenth anniversary of the grant date. In general, a stock option expires upon the earlier of (1) its stated expiration date or (2) one year after the participant terminates service (except in the case of ISOs which must be exercised within three months after a termination of service, other than due to death or disability). Stock Appreciation Rights A SAR entitles the participant, upon settlement, to receive a payment based on the excess of the fair market value of our Common Shares on the settlement date over the grant price of the SAR, multiplied by the number of SARs being settled. The grant price of a SAR may not be less than the fair market value of our Common Shares on the grant date. SARs may be payable in cash, our Common Shares or a combination of both. The Committee determines the vesting requirements, the form of payment and/or other terms of a SAR. Vesting may be based on the continued service of the participant for specified time periods or the attainment of a specified business performance goal established by the Committee or both. No SAR shall be exercisable later than the tenth anniversary of the grant date. In general, a SAR expires upon the earlier of (1) its stated expiration date or (2) one year after the participant terminates service. We have not issued any SARs under the 2017 LTIP and do not currently have any SARs outstanding. Restricted Stock A restricted stock Award represents our Common Shares that are issued subject to restrictions on transfer and vesting requirements as determined by the Committee. Vesting requirements may be based on the continued service of the participant for specified time periods and/or the attainment of a specified business performance goal established by the Committee. Subject to the transfer restrictions and vesting requirements of the restricted stock Award, the participant has the same rights as our shareholders during the restriction period, including all voting and dividend rights, although the Committee may provide that dividends and restricted stock certificates will be held in escrow during the restriction period (and forfeited or distributed depending on whether applicable performance goals or service restrictions have been met). Also, any stock dividends will be subject to the same 29 TABLE OF CONTENTS restrictions that apply to the restricted stock upon which the stock dividends are issued. Unless the Committee specifies otherwise in the Award agreement, the restricted stock is forfeited if the participant terminates service before the restricted stock vests or if applicable terms and conditions have not been met at the end of the restriction period. Restricted Stock Units An Award of restricted stock units provides the participant the right to receive a payment based on the value of our Common Shares. Restricted stock units may be subject to such vesting requirements, restrictions and conditions to payment as the Committee determines are appropriate. Vesting requirements may be based on the continued service of the participant for a specified time period and/or on the attainment of a specified business performance goal established by the Committee. Restricted stock units are payable in cash, our Common Shares or a combination of both, as determined by the Committee. Participants receiving restricted stock units do not have, with respect to such restricted stock units, any of the rights of a shareholder. Unless the Committee specifies otherwise in the Award agreement, the restricted stock unit Award is forfeited if the participant terminates service before the restricted stock unit vests or if applicable terms and conditions have not been met at the end of the restriction period. Deferred Stock Units An Award of deferred stock units provides the participant the right to defer receipt of all or some portion of his or her annual compensation, annual incentive bonus and/or long-term compensation as permitted by the Committee, and for which the participant will receive a payment based on the value of our Common Shares. Deferred stock units shall be fully vested and non-forfeitable at all times. Deferred stock units, together with any dividend-equivalent rights credited with respect thereto, may be subject to such requirements, restrictions and conditions to payment as the Committee determines are appropriate. Deferred stock unit Awards are payable in cash, our Common Shares or a combination of both. Participants credited with deferred stock units shall not have, with respect to such deferred stock units, any of the rights of a shareholder of the Company. Performance Shares, Performance Share Units and Performance Units An Award of performance shares, performance share units or performance units provides the participant the right to receive our Common Shares if specified terms and conditions are met. Performance shares are restricted shares that are subject to performance based vesting. Performance share units are restricted stock units that are subject to performance based vesting. Performance units are cash based awards that are subject to performance based vesting. Performance share, performance share unit and performance unit Awards are payable in cash, our Common Shares or a combination of both. Unless the Committee specifies otherwise when the Award is granted, if a participant terminates service for any reason before the performance shares, performance share units or performance units become vested, such Award will be forfeited. Cash-Based Awards An Award of cash-based awards provides the participant an opportunity to receive a cash payment. Cash-based awards may be subject to such vesting requirements, restrictions and conditions to payment as the Committee determines are appropriate. Vesting requirements may be based on the continued service of the participant for a specified time period or on the attainment of a specified performance goal established by the Committee. If a participant terminates service before the cash-based award vests, the Award will be forfeited. Other Stock-Based Awards An Award of other stock-based awards provides the participant an equity-based or equity-related right, which may provide the participant the right to receive our Common Shares. Other stock-based awards may be subject to such vesting requirements, restrictions and conditions to payment as the Committee determines are appropriate. Vesting requirements may be based on the continued service of the participant 30 TABLE OF CONTENTS for a specified time period or on the attainment of a specified performance goal established by the Committee. If a participant terminates service for any reason before the other stock-based award vests, the Award will be forfeited. Performance-Based Awards With respect to any performance-based Award, the terms of the Award must state (1) the performance goals or measures applicable to a given performance period and (2) the method of computing the amount of compensation payable under the Award if the performance goals are attained. The performance goals applicable to performance-based Awards will be based on our performance or one or more subsidiary, affiliate, business unit, business group, business venture or legal entity on an absolute, relative, adjusted or per-share basis, individual performance goals, strategic and business unit operational goals, subjective goals and any other performance measures and goals that the Committee determines to be appropriate. The 2020 LTIP specifies that financial performance measures applicable to performance-based Awards may include, but are not limited to, earnings, profits, income (on a gross or net basis), EBIT, EBITDA, return measures, cash flow, or any other financial measure that appears as a line item in Company’s filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission or the annual report to shareholders; the price per share of our Common Shares; total shareholder return; market shares; or working capital. The 2020 LTIP specifies that non-financial performance measures applicable to performance-based Awards may include, but are not limited to: productivity ratios; customer satisfaction; ESG; individual performance goals or any other performance measure or goal that the Committee determines to be appropriate. Relative performance may be measured against a group of peer companies, a financial market index or other acceptable objective and quantifiable indices. Effect of Change in Control Awards under the 2020 LTIP are generally subject to special provisions upon the occurrence of a change in control (as defined in the 2020 LTIP). For Awards granted under the 2020 LTIP, if a change in control occurs and the participant incurs a separation of service (as defined in Section 409A of the IRC) within the 30 days preceding or the 24 months following the change in control, then: (1) all stock options and SARs outstanding as of the date of the change in control shall become fully exercisable; (2) all remaining restrictions applicable to restricted stock and restricted stock units shall lapse and such restricted stock and restricted stock units shall become free of restrictions, fully vested and transferable or redeemed, as applicable; (3) all performance goals or other conditions applicable to performance shares, performance share units or performance units shall be deemed satisfied in an amount equal to the greater of (a) the target number of performance units, performance shares, or performance share units or (b) the actual performance earned as measured on the date of the change in control, and the Common Shares or cash subject to such Award shall be fully distributable; (4) any remaining restrictions, performance goals or other conditions applicable to deferred stock units shall be deemed to be satisfied in full with the Common Shares or cash subject to such Award being fully distributable; and (5) all other stock-based awards or cash-based awards outstanding as of the date of the change in control shall become fully vested. Payments under Awards that become subject to the excess parachute rules of Section 280G of the IRC may be reduced under certain circumstances. See the “Tax Treatment of Awards — Sections 280G and 4999” subsection below for more details. Limited Transferability All Awards or Common Shares subject to an Award under the 2020 LTIP are nontransferable except upon death, either by the participant’s will or the laws of descent and distribution or through a beneficiary designation, and Awards are exercisable during the participant’s lifetime only by the participant (or by the participant’s legal representative in the event of the participant’s incapacity). Adjustments for Corporate Changes In the event of a reorganization, recapitalization, liquidation, merger, spin-off, stock split, stock dividend, special cash dividend or other specified changes affecting us or our capital structure, the Committee is required to make equitable adjustments that reflect the effects of such changes to the participants. Such 31 TABLE OF CONTENTS adjustments may relate to the number of our Common Shares available for grant, as well as to other maximum limitations under the 2020 LTIP ( e.g. , exercise and grant prices), and the number of our Common Shares or other rights and prices under outstanding Awards. Term, Amendment and Termination The 2020 LTIP will expire on June 10, 2030, unless terminated earlier by the Board. Although the Board or the Committee may amend or alter the 2020 LTIP, it may not do so without shareholder approval of any amendment or alteration to the extent shareholder approval is required by law, regulation or stock exchange rule. In addition, any amendment, alteration or termination of the 2020 LTIP or an Award agreement may not adversely affect any outstanding Award to a participant without the consent of that participant other than amendments for the purpose of (1) causing the 2020 LTIP to comply with applicable law, (2) permitting us to receive a tax deduction under applicable law, or (3) avoiding an expense charge to us or our affiliates. Repricing The 2020 LTIP does not permit the repricing of Awards without the approval of shareholders or the granting of Awards with a reload feature. Federal Income Tax Treatment of Awards The following summary discussion of the United States federal income tax implications of Awards under the 2020 LTIP is based on the provisions of the IRC as of the date of this Proxy Statement. This summary is not intended to be exhaustive and does not, among other things, describe state, local or foreign tax consequences and such tax consequences may not correspond to the federal income tax treatment described herein. The exact federal income tax treatment of transactions could vary depending upon the specific facts and circumstances involved and participants are advised to consult their personal tax advisors with regard to all consequences arising from the grant, vesting or exercise of Awards and the disposition of any acquired Common Shares. Incentive Stock Options ISOs may only be granted to our employees. No taxable ordinary income to the participant or a deduction to us will be realized at the time the ISO is granted or exercised. If the participant holds the Common Shares received as a result of an exercise of an ISO for at least two years from the grant date and one year from the exercise date, then (1) any gain realized on disposition of the Common Shares is treated as a long-term capital gain and any loss sustained will be a long-term capital loss and (2) we are not entitled to a deduction. If the Common Shares acquired by an exercise of an ISO are disposed of within either of these periods (i.e., a “disqualifying disposition”), then the participant must include in his or her income, as taxable compensation for the year of the disposition, an amount equal to the excess, if any, of the fair market value of the Common Shares upon exercise of the stock option over the stock option exercise price (or, if less, the excess of the amount realized upon disposition over the stock option exercise price). In such case, we will generally be entitled to a deduction, generally in the year of such a disposition, for the amount includible in the participant’s income as taxable compensation. The participant’s basis in the Common Shares acquired upon exercise of an ISO is equal to the stock option exercise price paid, plus any amount includible in his or her income as a result of a disqualifying disposition. The rules that generally apply to ISOs do not apply when calculating any alternative minimum tax liability. The rules affecting the application of the alternative minimum tax are complex, and their effect depends on individual circumstances, including whether a participant has items of adjustment other than those derived from ISOs. Non-Qualified Stock Options A NQSO results in no taxable income to the participant or deduction to us at the time it is granted. A participant exercising a NQSO will, at that time, realize taxable compensation in the amount of the difference between the stock option exercise price and the then-current fair market value of the Common Shares. Subject to the applicable provisions of the IRC, a deduction for federal income tax purposes will be allowable to us in the year of exercise in an amount equal to the taxable compensation recognized by the participant. 32 TABLE OF CONTENTS The participant’s basis in such Common Shares is equal to the sum of the stock option exercise price plus the amount includible in his or her income as compensation upon exercise. Any gain (or loss) upon subsequent disposition of the Common Shares will be a long-term or short-term gain (or loss), depending upon the holding period of the Common Shares. If a participant tenders previously owned Common Shares in payment of the NQSO exercise price, then, instead of the treatment described above, the following generally will apply: (1) a number of new Common Shares equal to the number of previously owned Common Shares tendered will be considered to have been received in a tax-free exchange; (2) the participant’s basis and holding period for such number of new Common Shares will be equal to the basis and holding period of the previously owned Common Shares exchanged; (3) the participant will have compensation income equal to the fair market value on the exercise date of the number of new Common Shares received in excess of such number of exchanged Common Shares; (4) the participant’s basis in such excess shares will be equal to the amount of such compensation income; and (5) the holding period in such Common Shares will begin on the exercise date. Stock Appreciation Rights Generally, a participant that receives a SAR will not recognize taxable income at the time the SAR is granted. If a participant receives the appreciation inherent in a SAR in cash, the cash will be taxed as ordinary compensation income to the participant at the time it is received. If a participant receives the appreciation inherent in a SAR in Common Shares, the spread between the then-current fair market value of the Common Shares and the grant price will be taxed as ordinary compensation income to the participant at the time it is received. In general, there will be no federal income tax deduction allowed to us upon the grant or termination of a SAR. However, upon the settlement of either form of SAR, we will generally be entitled to a deduction equal to the amount of ordinary income the participant is required to recognize as a result of the settlement. If the amount a participant receives upon disposition of the Common Shares that the participant acquired by exercising a SAR is greater than the sum of the aggregate exercise price that the participant paid plus the amount of ordinary income recognized by the participant upon exercise, the excess will be treated as a long-term or short-term capital gain, depending on the holding period of the Common Shares. Conversely, if the amount a participant receives upon disposition of the Common Shares that the participant acquired by exercising a SAR is less than the sum of the aggregate exercise price that the participant paid plus the amount of ordinary income recognized by the participant upon exercise, the difference will be treated as a long-term or short-term capital loss, depending on the holding period of the Common Shares. Restricted Stock Generally, a participant will not recognize income and we will not be entitled to a deduction at the time an award of restricted stock is made under the 2020 LTIP, unless the participant makes a Section 83(b) election described below. A participant who has not made such an election will recognize ordinary compensation income at the time the restrictions on the Common Shares lapse in an amount equal to the fair market value of the Common Shares at such time. We will generally be entitled to a corresponding deduction in the same amount and at the same time as the participant recognizes income. Any otherwise taxable disposition of the restricted stock after the time the restrictions lapse will result in a capital gain or loss to the extent the amount realized from the sale differs from the tax basis ( i.e. , the fair market value of the Common Shares on the date the restrictions lapse). Deferred Stock Units Generally, a participant who defers compensation into deferred stock units will not recognize income at the time the compensation would otherwise have been paid to the participant. Upon the settlement of the deferred stock unit, the participant will be taxed on the then-current fair market value of the shares or cash paid and we will be entitled to a deduction equal to the amount of ordinary compensation income the participant is required to recognize as a result of the settlement. 33 TABLE OF CONTENTS Other Awards The current United States federal income tax consequences of other Awards authorized under the 2020 LTIP are generally in accordance with the following: (1) the fair market value of other stock-based awards is generally subject to ordinary compensation income tax at the time the restrictions lapse, unless the participant elects to accelerate recognition as of the date of grant; and (2) the amount of cash paid (or the fair market value of the Common Shares issued) to settle restricted stock units, performance shares, performance share units, performance units and cash-based awards is generally subject to ordinary compensation income tax. In each of the foregoing cases, we will generally be entitled to a corresponding federal income tax deduction at the same time the participant recognizes ordinary compensation income. Dividend-Equivalent Rights Participants may be granted dividend-equivalent rights in connection with any Award other than a stock option or SAR. A participant who receives dividend-equivalent rights with respect to an Award will recognize ordinary compensation income equal to the value of cash or Common Shares delivered and we will generally be entitled to a corresponding deduction for such dividends. Section 162(m) Section 162(m) generally prohibits a public company from claiming a deduction on its federal income tax return for compensation in excess of $1,000,000 paid in a given fiscal year to certain current and former executive officers, including our CEO, Chief Financial Officer and three other most highly compensated executives. While the Committee carefully considers the net cost and value of maintaining the deductibility of all compensation, it also desires the flexibility to reward our named executive officers and other key employees in a manner that enhances our ability to attract and retain individuals, as well as to create longer term value for shareholders. Accordingly, income tax deductibility is only one of several factors the Committee considers in making decisions regarding our compensation program. Sections 280G and 4999 Section 280G of the IRC disallows deductions for excess parachute payments and Section 4999 of the IRC imposes penalties on persons who receive excess parachute payments. A parachute payment is the present value of any compensation amount that is paid to “disqualified individuals” (such as our and our subsidiaries’ officers and highly paid employees) that are contingent upon or paid on account of a change in control — but only if such payments, in the aggregate, are equal to or greater than 300% of the participant’s taxable compensation averaged over the five calendar years ending before the change in control (or over the participant’s entire period of service if that period is less than five calendar years). This average is called the “Base Amount.” An excess parachute payment is the amount by which any parachute payment exceeds the portion of the Base Amount allocated to such payment. Some participants in the 2020 LTIP may receive parachute payments in connection with a change in control. If this happens, the value of each participant’s parachute payment from the 2020 LTIP must be combined with other parachute payments the same participant is entitled to receive under other agreements or arrangements with us or our subsidiaries, such as an employment agreement or a change in control agreement. If the participant is a disqualified individual and the combined value of all parachute payments is an excess parachute payment, the participant must pay an excise tax equal to 20% of the value of all parachute payments above 100% of the participant’s Base Amount. This tax is due in addition to other federal, state and local income, wage and employment taxes. Also, neither we nor any of our subsidiaries would be able to deduct the amount of any participant’s excess parachute payment and the $1,000,000 limit on deductible compensation under Section 162(m) would be reduced by the amount of the excess parachute payment. The 2020 LTIP addresses excess parachute payment penalties. Generally, if a participant in the 2020 LTIP receives an excess parachute payment, the value of the payment is reduced to avoid the excess parachute penalties. However, the 2020 LTIP also states that other means of dealing with these penalties will be applied if required by the terms of another written agreement (whether currently in effect or adopted in future) with us or any of our subsidiaries (such as an employment or a change in control agreement). We are 34 TABLE OF CONTENTS a party to an employment agreement with one of our named executive officers. Those employment agreements provide that if the payments received by the named executive officer in connection with a change in control constitute an excess parachute payment under Section 280G of the IRC, the executive’s benefits under his or her employment agreement will be reduced to the extent necessary to become one dollar less than the amount that would generate such excise tax, if this reduction results in a larger after-tax amount to the executive as compared to the excise tax reimbursement method. The compensation payable on account of a change in control may be subject to the deductibility limitations of Sections 162(m) and 280G of the IRC. Section 83(b) A participant may elect pursuant to Section 83(b) of the IRC to have compensation income recognized at the grant date of an Award of restricted stock, restricted stock units or performance units and to have the applicable capital gain holding period commence as of that date. If a participant makes this election, we will generally be entitled to a corresponding tax deduction equal to the value of the Award affected by this election. If the participant who has made an election subsequently forfeits the Award, then the participant will not be entitled to deduct the amount previously recognized as income. Section 409A Section 409A of the IRC imposes certain restrictions on amounts deferred under nonqualified deferred compensation plans and a 20% excise tax on amounts that are subject to, but do not comply with, Section 409A of the IRC. If the requirements of Section 409A are not complied with, holders of such Awards may be taxed earlier than would otherwise be the case ( e.g. , at the time of vesting instead of the time of payment) and may be subject to an additional 20% penalty tax and, potentially, interest and penalties. Section 409A of the IRC includes a broad definition of nonqualified deferred compensation plans, which includes certain types of equity incentive compensation. It is intended that the Awards granted under the 2020 LTIP will comply with or be exempt from the requirements of Section 409A of the IRC and the treasury regulations promulgated thereunder (and any subsequent notices or guidance issued by the Internal Revenue Service). Equity Compensation Plan Information The following table summarizes information as of February 1, 2020, relating to our equity compensation plans pursuant to which our Common Shares may be issued. Plan Category | ​ | ​ | Number of securities to be issued upon exercise of outstanding options, warrants, and rights (#) (a) | ​ | ​ | Weighted- average exercise price of outstanding options, warrants, and rights ($) (b) | ​ | ​ | Number of securities remaining available for future issuance under equity compensation plans (excluding securities reflected in column (a)) (#) (c) | ​
Equity compensation plans approved by security holders | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 1,509,694 (1)(2) | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 35.93 (3) | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 3,307,877 (4) | ​ | ​
Equity compensation plans not approved by security holders | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | — | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | — | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | — | ​ | ​
Total | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 1,509,694 | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 35.93 (3) | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 3,307,877 | ​ | ​ ​ (1) Includes stock options, PSUs, and restricted stock units granted under the 2017 LTIP and the 2012 LTIP. ​ (2) The Common Shares issuable upon exercise of outstanding stock options granted under each shareholder-approved plan are as follows: ​ ​ | 2017 LTIP | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | — | ​ | ​
​ | 2012 LTIP | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 148,751 | ​ | ​
​ 35 TABLE OF CONTENTS (3) The weighted average exercise price only represents stock options and does not take into account the PSUs and the restricted stock units granted under the 2017 LTIP. ​ (4) The Common Shares available for issuance under the 2017 LTIP are limited to 3,307,877 Common Shares. There are no Common Shares available for issuance under any of the other shareholder-approved plans. ​ The 2012 LTIP expired on May 24, 2017. The 2017 LTIP was approved in May 2017. The information contained under the caption “Stock Ownership” in the 2020 Proxy Statement, with respect to the security ownership of certain beneficial owners and management, is incorporated herein by reference in response to this item. Market Value On January 31, 2020 (the last trading day of fiscal 2019), the closing price of the Company’s Common Shares traded on the NYSE was $27.06 per share. THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS RECOMMENDS THAT YOU VOTE FOR THE PROPOSAL TO APPROVE THE 2020 LTIP. 36 TABLE OF CONTENTS ​ EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION Compensation Discussion and Analysis This Compensation Discussion and Analysis, or CD&A, describes the compensation program for our named executive officers for fiscal 2019, who are listed below: ​ | Bruce K. Thorn President and Chief Executive Officer | ​ | ​ | Jonathan E. Ramsden* Executive Vice President, Chief Financial and Administrative Officer | ​
​ | Lisa M. Bachmann Executive Vice President, Chief Merchandising and Operating Officer | ​ | ​ | Michael A. Schlonsky Executive Vice President, Human Resources | ​
​ | Ronald A. Robins, Jr. Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Corporate Secretary | ​ | ​ | Timothy A. Johnson** Former Executive Vice President, Chief Administrative Officer and Chief Financial Officer | ​ ​ (*) Mr. Ramsden was appointed as our Executive Vice President, Chief Financial and Administrative Officer on August 5, 2019. ​ (**) Mr. Johnson’s employment as our Executive Vice President, Chief Administrative Officer and Chief Financial Officer ended on August 4, 2019. ​ EXECUTIVE SUMMARY Company Performance in Fiscal 2019 Fiscal 2019 was a challenging year for the Company as a result of a highly competitive and evolving retail environment, the trade war and the impact of tariffs. Fiscal 2019 was also a year of transition and restructuring, as we continued to implement on our transformative strategy that we call Operation North Star. Although our financial performance in fiscal 2019 did not meet our expectations, we remain confident that moving forward, we are on a path towards significantly improving our delivery of long-term shareholder value. As a result of our performance in fiscal 2019 and the emphasis that our executive compensation program places on performance-based compensation, the actual compensation realized by our named executive officers in fiscal 2019 was lower than the total potential target compensation awarded to our named executive officers for fiscal 2019. For example, our adjusted operating profit for fiscal 2019 was below the amount approved by our Board in our annual corporate operating plan and, therefore, our named executive officers earned a bonus between the threshold and target performance levels. In addition, we did not achieve the target adjusted diluted earnings per share (“ EPS ”) or the target adjusted return on invested capital (“ ROIC ”) performance goals applicable to the fiscal 2019 service period under the performance share unit awards (“ PSUs ”) granted to our NEOs in 2017, 2018 and 2019 and, as a result, the total attainment for the fiscal 2019 service period was only 97% of target. Despite the challenges we faced in fiscal 2019, we returned $98 million dollars to our shareholders through share repurchases and dividends. Key Executive Compensation Actions in Fiscal 2019 • Base Salaries for Named Executive Officers. Our Compensation Committee (referred to as the Committee in this CD&A) did not approve any merit increases in fiscal 2019 to the base salaries of Mr. Thorn, Ms. Bachmann, Mr. Schlonsky or Mr. Johnson. Mr. Robins’ base salary was increased in September 2019 by the Committee in connection with his promotion to Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Corporate Secretary. Mr. Ramsden’s base salary was approved by the Committee in connection with his employment in August 2019. ​ • Payouts on Performance-Based Awards. Based on the Company’s adjusted operating profit for fiscal 2019, the annual cash incentive awards for fiscal 2019 were paid at 70.99% of the target performance level. Based on the Company’s EPS and ROIC over the past three years, the PSUs we granted in ​ 37 TABLE OF CONTENTS fiscal 2017 vested at 35.9% of the target performance level. Based on the Company’s operating profit in fiscal 2019, one-third of the restricted stock units (“ RSUs ”) we granted in fiscal 2019 vested and the remaining two-thirds will vest ratably over the next two years. Executive Compensation Program Objectives and Components Compensation Objectives Our executive compensation program is designed to: • Pay for superior results by rewarding executives for achieving short- and long-term performance goals and creating long-term shareholder value; ​ • Align the interests of our executives with the interests of our shareholders through performance- and equity-based compensation; and ​ • Attract and retain talented executives by paying compensation that is competitive with the compensation paid by the companies in our peer group. ​ Compensation Components The following table summarizes the primary components of our executive compensation program and the primary purposes each component serves in furthering the objectives of our executive compensation program: Component | ​ | ​ | Characteristics | ​ | ​ | Primary Purposes | ​
Base Salary | ​ | ​ | Annual fixed cash compensation | ​ | ​ | Attract and retain talented executives through an annual salary that reflects the executive’s performance, experience and scope of responsibilities. Mitigate pressure to take unnecessary or excessive risks or unduly focus on the price of our Common Shares. | ​
Annual Cash Incentive Awards | ​ | ​ | Annual variable performance-based cash compensation | ​ | ​ | Motivate executives to achieve performance objectives that directly relate to our annual operating and strategic goals. | ​
Long-Term Equity Incentive Awards | ​ | ​ | Long-term variable equity awards granted annually as a combination of PSUs and RSUs | ​ | ​ | Align the interests of our executives with the interests of our shareholders. Motivate executives to achieve multi-year financial and strategic goals and create long-term shareholder value. Retain talented executives for the long-term. | ​ Pay-for Performance Pay-for-performance is the fundamental objective of our executive compensation philosophy. As a result, the Committee believes that a majority of each named executive officer’s total compensation should be at risk or variable based on our performance and/or stock price (i.e., performance-based). The following graphs show the percentage of the total compensation awarded to Mr. Thorn and our other named executive officers (who we employed at the end of fiscal 2019) for fiscal 2019 that was performance-based as disclosed in the Summary Compensation Table. 38 TABLE OF CONTENTS Executive Compensation and Governance Practices and Policies The following table sets forth executive compensation and governance practices and policies we have implemented to advance the objectives of our executive compensation program and to align our practices and policies with industry-leading standards. Practice | ​ | ​ | Big Lots Policy | ​
Pay-for-Performance Philosophy | ​ | ​ | ✓ A majority of the total target compensation opportunity of each of our named executive officers is at risk or variable based on our performance and/or stock price. ​ | ​
Stock Ownership Requirements | ​ | ​ | ✓ All of our executive officers and outside directors are subject to stock ownership requirements. ​ | ​
Clawback Policy | ​ | ​ | ✓ All of our executive officers are subject to a compensation clawback policy. ​ | ​
Independent Compensation Consultant | ​ | ​ | ✓ The Committee engages an independent compensation consultant that reviews and advises the Committee on executive compensation. The consultant performs services solely for the Committee. ​ | ​
Independent Board Chair | ​ | ​ | ✓ We maintain separate CEO and Chairman of the Board positions. ​ | ​
Anti-Hedging and Pledging Policy | ​ | ​ | ✓ We do not allow our directors or Leadership Team members to enter into any hedging or pledging transactions relating to our Common Shares. ​ | ​
Excise Tax Gross-Ups | ​ | ​ | ✓ We do not pay excise tax gross-ups under our employment agreement or our severance agreements in the event of a change in control. ​ | ​
Dividends on Unearned Awards | ​ | ​ | ✓ We do not pay dividends on unearned performance awards. ​ | ​ 39 TABLE OF CONTENTS 2019 Say-on-Pay Advisory Vote and Shareholder Engagement At our 2019 annual meeting of shareholders, our shareholders approved the compensation of our named executive officers with approximately 94% of votes cast in favor of our say-on-pay resolution. The Committee considers this vote a positive endorsement of our executive compensation program, and our shareholders’ support of our 2019 say-on-pay resolution and discussions with our shareholders before our 2019 annual meeting contributed to the Committee’s decision to not make significant changes to our current executive compensation program. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION PROCESS Roles in Executive Compensation Process The principal roles of the Committee, our outside directors, our CEO and members of management in our executive compensation process are as follows: Responsible Party | ​ | ​ | Role | ​
Compensation Committee | ​ | ​ | Lead the process for establishing our annual executive compensation program and approve or recommend that the Board approve compensation actions. Consult with management and the Committee’s compensation consultant regarding employee benefit and compensation programs, plans and awards. | ​
All Outside Directors | ​ | ​ | Conduct comprehensive evaluation of CEO performance. Approve annual executive compensation program and finalize compensation awards for the members of our Leadership Team. | ​
CEO | ​ | ​ | Provide the Committee and other outside directors with an annual performance evaluation and compensation recommendation for each of the other members of our Leadership Team in the first quarter of each fiscal year based on the CEO’s direct knowledge of their respective performance and contributions. | ​
Management | ​ | ​ | Make recommendations to the Committee and our CEO regarding the design and administration of our employee benefit and compensation programs, plans and awards in accordance with the Committee’s charter and the terms of our compensation plans. Advise the Committee and our CEO regarding the competitiveness of existing and proposed compensation programs and the impact of accounting rules, laws and regulations on existing and proposed compensation programs. | ​ Fiscal 2019 Executive Compensation Process At its March 2019 meeting, the Committee: • reviewed and discussed the continued appropriateness of our executive compensation program, including its objectives, policies, components and processes and decided to not recommend that the outside directors make any significant changes to our current executive compensation program; ​ • reviewed and discussed in executive session Mr. Thorn’s performance, contributions and value to our business and reviewed and discussed Mr. Thorn’s evaluations and compensation recommendations for the other Leadership Team members; ​ • reviewed and discussed comparative compensation data and considered internal pay equity by comparing the compensation of Mr. Thorn to the compensation of the other members of our Leadership Team; ​ • prepared its fiscal 2019 compensation recommendations for each member of our Leadership Team; ​ 40 TABLE OF CONTENTS • determined that the performance trigger for the 2018 RSUs was achieved; ​ • determined the final performance and associated payout percentage for the 2016 PSUs; and ​ • determined that a bonus was not payable under the annual incentive awards for fiscal 2018 as a result of corporate performance in fiscal 2018. ​ At our March 2019 Board meeting: • the Committee discussed its compensation recommendations with the other outside directors, including the underlying data and analysis and the form, amount of, and rationale for the recommended compensation; and ​ • the outside directors finalized the compensation awards for the Leadership Team members consistent with the Committee’s recommendations. ​ Performance Evaluation Process The Committee and our outside directors generally consider the following objective and subjective factors when evaluating the performance of the members of our Leadership Team: ​ | • long-term strategic goals ​ | ​ | ​ | • short-term business goals ​ | ​ | ​ | • profit and revenue goals ​ | ​
​ | • expense goals ​ | ​ | ​ | • operating margin improvement ​ | ​ | ​ | • earnings per share growth ​ • capital efficiency metrics ​ | ​
​ | • fostering teamwork and other corporate values ​ | ​ | ​ | • optimization of organizational effectiveness and productivity ​ | ​ | ​ | • leadership and the development of talent ​ | ​
​ | • the performance of our competitors ​ | ​ | ​ | • comparable store and ecommerce sales growth of the Company compared to the industry ​ | ​ | ​ | • specific business challenges and general economic and market conditions ​ | ​ The Committee and the other outside directors do not assign any of these performance factors a specific weight and may consider different factors for each executive. Independent Compensation Consultant The Committee has the authority, in its sole discretion, to retain compensation consultants. In establishing executive compensation for fiscal 2019, the Committee retained Meridian Compensation Partners, LLC (“ Meridian ”) as its compensation consultant based on its independence, expertise and past service to the Committee. Meridian provided research, data analyses, survey information and design expertise in developing compensation programs for executives and incentive programs for eligible employees, including our 2019 Bonus Plan. Meridian kept the Compensation Committee apprised of regulatory developments and market trends related to executive compensation practices. Meridian does not determine or recommend the exact amount or form of executive compensation for any of the named executive officers. Representatives of Meridian attended meetings of the Compensation Committee. Peer Compensation Data During the course of establishing our fiscal 2019 executive compensation program, the Committee reviewed compensation data for a group of retailers similar to us with whom we believe we compete for talent (the “ Retailer Peer Group ”). In selecting the Retailer Peer Group, the Committee considered revenue, gross profit margin, geographic location, market capitalization and number of stores. The companies included in the Retailer Peer Group for fiscal 2019 compensation decisions were: ​ | • Abercrombie & Fitch ​ | ​ | ​ | • Dick’s Sporting Goods ​ | ​ | ​ | • RH ​ | ​
​ | • Advance Auto Parts ​ | ​ | ​ | • DSW ​ | ​ | ​ | • Ross Stores ​ | ​
​ | • American Eagle Outfitters ​ | ​ | ​ | • Express ​ | ​ | ​ | • Tractor Supply ​ | ​
​ | • Ascena Retail Group ​ | ​ | ​ | • Foot Locker ​ | ​ | ​ | • Urban Outfitters ​ | ​
​ | • Bed Bath & Beyond ​ | ​ | ​ | • L Brands ​ | ​ | ​ | • Williams – Sonoma ​ | ​
​ | • Burlington Stores ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ 41 TABLE OF CONTENTS As a secondary reference, the Committee also reviewed executive compensation data regarding a broader group of retail companies included in a compensation survey provided by Equilar. We believe it is important to consult both sets of information because the compensation survey for the broader group includes compensation information on more executives and provides a more extensive basis on which to compare the compensation of the Leadership Team members, particularly those Leadership Team members whose responsibilities, experience and other characteristics are not directly comparable to the executives included in the publicly-available reports of the Retailer Peer Group. The Committee and our human resources department reviewed each Leadership Team member’s responsibilities and compared, where possible, the total direct compensation levels for our Leadership Team members to the total direct compensation of similarly situated executives within the peer groups. For purposes of this evaluation, no specific weight was given to one peer group over the other and total direct compensation was composed of salary, annual incentive award at target and equity awards. As discussed in this CD&A, we determine compensation subjectively based on numerous factors. We do not benchmark or target our compensation at any particular level in relation to the compensation of the peer groups. Rather, the peer group data provides a point of reference and market check. COMPONENTS OF OUR EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION PROGRAM We seek to achieve the objectives of our executive compensation program by awarding the following primary components of compensation to our executive officers: Component | ​ | ​ | Characteristics | ​ | ​ | Fiscal 2019 Metric | ​
Base Salary | ​ | ​ | Annual fixed cash compensation | ​ | ​ | Annual performance review | ​
Annual Cash Incentive Awards | ​ | ​ | Annual variable performance-based cash compensation | ​ | ​ | Adjusted operating profit | ​
Long-Term Equity Incentive Awards | ​ | ​ | Long-term variable equity awards granted annually as a combination of PSUs and RSUs | ​ | ​ | PSUs – EPS and ROIC performance during three annual service periods RSUs – Vest ratably over three years upon satisfaction of operating profit performance requirement after year one | ​ We believe each of these individual compensation components and the total mix of compensation components are necessary to provide a competitive executive compensation program and advance the objectives of our executive compensation program. Base Salary The Committee annually reviews and establishes the base salary for each named executive officer, subject to the minimum salary requirements set forth in the employment agreement described below in “Agreements with Named Executive Officers — Employment Agreement”. The Committee determines adjustments to the base salaries of our named executive officers based on each executive’s performance, experience, scope of responsibilities and base salary in comparison to our other employees and similarly positioned executives in our Retailer Peer Group and the anticipated future contributions of the executive. The Committee did not assign any specific weighting to these factors. For fiscal 2019, the Committee approved the following salaries for the named executive officers, which became effective on March 31, 2019: 42 TABLE OF CONTENTS Name | ​ | ​ | Fiscal 2019 Salary ($) | ​
Mr. Thorn | ​ | ​ | ​ | $ | 1,100,000 | ​ | ​
Mr. Ramsden* | ​ | ​ | ​ | $ | 700,000 | ​ | ​
Ms. Bachmann | ​ | ​ | ​ | $ | 786,775 | ​ | ​
Mr. Schlonsky | ​ | ​ | ​ | $ | 513,600 | ​ | ​
Mr. Robins** | ​ | ​ | ​ | $ | 473,800 | ​ | ​
Mr. Johnson*** | ​ | ​ | ​ | $ | 616,325 | ​ | ​ ​ (*) Mr. Ramsden was appointed as our Executive Vice President, Chief Financial and Administrative Officer on August 5, 2019. ​ (**) Mr. Robins’ base salary was increased to $500,000 in September 2019 in connection with his promotion to Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Corporate Secretary. ​ (***) Mr. Johnson’s employment as our Executive Vice President, Chief Administrative Officer and Chief Financial Officer ended on August 4, 2019. ​ Annual Cash Incentive Awards Each of our named executive officers participates in our annual cash incentive award program under the 2019 Bonus Plan. The amount of the annual cash incentive award earned by each named executive officer is based entirely on our corporate performance. On an annual basis with respect to our annual cash incentive award program, the Committee (1) selects one or more performance measures, (2) establishes threshold, target and maximum performance goals for each performance measure and (3) establishes for each named executive officer a percentage of base salary that is earned at the threshold, target and maximum performance levels (with linear interpolation between the specified payout percentages). No annual cash incentive award is earned if we do not meet the threshold performance goal. See the “Bonus and Equity Plans” discussion following the Summary Compensation Table for more information regarding our annual cash incentive awards. Fiscal 2019 Performance Measure The Committee and the other outside directors selected adjusted operating profit as the performance measure for the annual cash incentive awards for fiscal 2019 because they believe it represents a key indicator of the strength of our operating results and financial condition and incentivizes the participants in our annual cash incentive award program to achieve strong earnings growth. Fiscal 2019 Performance Goals The Committee and other outside directors established the performance goals for the adjusted operating profit performance measure based on the annual corporate operating plan established by the Board for fiscal 2019. The minimum performance goal was set at the minimum acceptable level for adjusted operating profit in our annual corporate operating plan for fiscal 2019 while the target and maximum performance goals were respectively set at and above the projected operating profit in our annual corporate operating plan for fiscal 2019. Fiscal 2019 Payout Percentages The Committee and the other outside directors maintained the same annual cash incentive award payout percentages for our named executive officers for fiscal 2019 that applied for fiscal 2018 primarily because they continued to believe that the payout percentages were appropriate to accomplish our executive compensation objectives for fiscal 2019. 43 TABLE OF CONTENTS The following table sets forth for fiscal 2019 the performance goal established for each performance level and the payout percentage established for each named executive officer for each performance level: ​ | ​ | ​ | Payout Percentage (% of salary) | ​
Fiscal 2019 Performance Levels | ​ | ​ | Performance Goal ($) | ​ | ​ | Mr. Thorn | ​ | ​ | Mr. Ramsden | ​ | ​ | Ms. Bachmann | ​ | ​ | Mr. Schlonsky | ​ | ​ | Mr. Robins | ​ | ​ | Mr. Johnson | ​
Below Threshold | ​ | ​ | 0 – $197,537,270 | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 0 | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 0 | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 0 | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 0 | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 0 | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 0 | ​ | ​
Threshold | ​ | ​ | $197,537,271 | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 62.5 | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 30 | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 30 | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 30 | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 30 | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 30 | ​ | ​
Target | ​ | ​ | $220,477,400 | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 125 | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 60 | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 60 | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 60 | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 60 | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 60 | ​ | ​
Maximum | ​ | ​ | $241,538,752 | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 250 | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 120 | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 120 | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 120 | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 120 | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 120 | ​ | ​ Fiscal 2019 Annual Cash Incentive Awards To calculate the amount of the annual incentive awards earned under the 2019 Bonus Plan, if any, we first calculate the applicable financial measure for purposes of our financial statements. We then adjust the measure to eliminate the effect of selective events, transactions or accrual items described in the 2019 Bonus Plan. The Committee approves such adjustments at the same time it establishes the corporate performance goals and annual incentive award payout percentages applicable to the award. These adjustments may increase or decrease the corporate performance amount achieved. Consistent with prior years, the Committee exercised negative discretion to reduce the corporate performance amount achieved for fiscal 2019 to exclude certain accrual items that would have otherwise increased such amount. The Committee decided to exclude these accrual items principally because they were anticipated as part of the annual corporate operating plan upon which the financial measure and corporate performance goals were established for fiscal 2019, and not because of any corporate or individual performance factors. The following table sets forth for fiscal 2019 the payout percentage achieved and the annual cash incentive award earned by each named executive officer: Name | ​ | ​ | Payout Percentage (% of salary) | ​ | ​ | Annual Cash Incentive Award ($) | ​
Mr. Thorn | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 88.7 % | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | $ | 976,113 | ​ | ​
Mr. Ramsden | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 25.4 % | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | $ | 177,519 | ​ | ​
Ms. Bachmann | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 42.6 % | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | $ | 335,119 | ​ | ​
Mr. Schlonsky | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 42.6 % | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | $ | 218,763 | ​ | ​
Mr. Robins | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 42.6 % | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | $ | 212,970 | ​ | ​
Mr. Johnson | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 28.1 % | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | $ | 173,088 | ​ | ​ Our operating profit for fiscal 2019 was below our operating plan as established by our Board and management and therefore, our named executive officers earned a bonus between the threshold and target performance levels. Long-Term Equity Incentive Compensation For fiscal 2019, we awarded PSUs and RSUs to each of our named executive officers. Each named executive officer received 60% of their equity awards in the form of PSUs and 40% in the form of RSUs. Mr. Ramsden received an additional RSU award in connection with his employment with the Company. The Committee determined the value of the equity awards granted to our named executive officers, and the allocation of the equity awards between PSUs and RSUs, based on: • management’s estimate of the number of Common Shares underlying the equity awards to be granted during fiscal 2019; ​ • historical grant information; ​ • comparative compensation data; ​ • retention factors; ​ 44 TABLE OF CONTENTS • corporate performance (particularly operating profit, net income, selling and administrative expenses and EPS against planned and prior performance); ​ • individual performance; ​ • the executive’s level of responsibility; ​ • the potential impact that the executive could have on our operations and financial condition; ​ • the market price of our Common Shares; and ​ • the recommendations for the value of the equity awards granted to the other named executive officers. ​ The Committee did not utilize a particular formula in making these determinations, although Company and individual performance were the most significant factors in determining the value of the equity awards granted to our named executive officers in fiscal 2019. See “Performance Evaluation Process” above for more information regarding how we evaluate performance. PSUs and RSUs are settled in our Common Shares. Any PSUs or RSUs that do not vest will be forfeited. The PSUs and RSUs do not have voting rights. PSUs and RSUs include a dividend-equivalent right, which represents the right to receive the equivalent of any cash dividends payable with respect to our Common Shares underlying the awards. Any cash dividends will accrue without interest and will vest and be paid only at the time the corresponding PSUs or RSUs vest. Any accrued cash dividends relating to PSUs or RSUs that do not vest will be forfeited. PSU Award Process The Committee annually awards a target number of PSUs to our named executive officers subject to (1) the attainment of performance goals applicable to specified performance measures during a three-year performance cycle consisting of three annual service periods and (2) the named executive officer’s continued employment through the end of the performance cycle. For the 2019 PSU award, a percentage of the target number of PSUs (i.e., the vesting factor) vests based on our average attainment of the performance goals applicable to the performance measures during the three-year performance cycle (with linear interpolation between the performance levels) as described in the following chart: Performance Level | ​ | ​ | 3-Year Average Performance Attainment | ​ | ​ | Vesting Factor | ​
Threshold | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 80 % | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 50 % | ​ | ​
Target | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 100 % | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 100 % | ​ | ​
Maximum | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 120 % | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 150 % | ​ | ​ To calculate the attainment of the performance goals, we first calculate the applicable performance measures derived from our financial statements and then adjust the performance measures to eliminate the effect of selected events, transactions or accrual items described in the Big Lots 2017 Long-Term Incentive Plan (“ 2017 LTIP ”) and approved by the Committee when it establishes the performance goals. These adjustments may increase or decrease the amount achieved for the performance measure. The Committee establishes the performance measures for each performance cycle at the beginning of each performance cycle and performance goals for each service period at the beginning of the service period. In March 2019, the Committee selected EPS and ROIC as the performance measures for the fiscal 2019 service period and established the performance goals applicable to the first service period of the fiscal 2019 PSU award performance cycle, the second service period of the fiscal 2018 PSU award performance cycle and the last service period of the 2017 PSU award performance cycle. The following table sets forth the performance goals established by the Committee for each performance measure for fiscal 2019 and the actual amount of each performance measure in fiscal 2019: Performance Measure | ​ | ​ | Weighting | ​ | ​ | Target | ​ | ​ | Actual | ​
EPS | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 50 % | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | $ | 3.72 | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | $ | 3.69 | ​ | ​
ROIC | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 50 % | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 14.7 % | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 13.9 % | ​ | ​ 45 TABLE OF CONTENTS Fiscal 2019 PSU Awards The following table sets forth the target number and grant value of the PSUs awarded to the named executive officers in fiscal 2019 (Mr. Johnson’s 2019 PSU award terminated with his employment in fiscal 2019) and the performance attained for each performance measure during each completed service period in the fiscal 2019 PSU award performance cycle: Name | ​ | ​ | Target Number of PSUs | ​ | ​ | Grant Value of PSUs | ​
Mr. Thorn | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 72,528 | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | $ | 2,640,019 | ​ | ​
Mr. Ramsden | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 20,770 | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | $ | 472,518 | ​ | ​
Ms. Bachmann | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 29,180 | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | $ | 1,062,152 | ​ | ​
Mr. Schlonsky | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 19,049 | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | $ | 693,384 | ​ | ​
Mr. Robins | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 17,573 | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | $ | 639,657 | ​ | ​ Fiscal 2019 PSU Award Performance Cycle Attainment (2019-2021) ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​
​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | Fiscal 2019 | ​ | ​ | Fiscal 2020 | ​ | ​ | Fiscal 2021 | ​
EPS | ​ | ​ | Actual Results | ​ | ​ | ​ | $ | 3.69 | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | TBD | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | TBD | ​ | ​
​ | ​ | ​ | Target Performance Goal | ​ | ​ | ​ | $ | 3.72 | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | TBD | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | TBD | ​ | ​
​ | ​ | ​ | Performance% | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 99.2 % | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | TBD | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | TBD | ​ | ​
ROIC | ​ | ​ | Actual Results | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 13.9 % | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | TBD | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | TBD | ​ | ​
​ | ​ | ​ | Target Performance Goal | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 14.7 % | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | TBD | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | TBD | ​ | ​
​ | ​ | ​ | Performance% | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 94.8 % | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | TBD | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | TBD | ​ | ​ Fiscal 2018 PSU Awards The following table sets forth the target number and grant value of the PSUs awarded to the named executive officers in fiscal 2018 (Mr. Thorn did not receive a PSU award in fiscal 2018, Mr. Ramsden was not employed by the Company during fiscal 2018 and Mr. Johnson’s 2018 PSU award terminated with his employment in fiscal 2019) and the performance attained for each performance measure during each completed service period in the fiscal 2018 PSU award performance cycle: Name | ​ | ​ | Target Number of PSUs | ​ | ​ | Grant Value of PSUs | ​
Ms. Bachmann | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 21,774 | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | $ | 1,031,216 | ​ | ​
Mr. Schlonsky | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 14,214 | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | $ | 673,175 | ​ | ​
Mr. Robins | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 11,656 | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | $ | 552,028 | ​ | ​ Fiscal 2018 PSU Award Performance Cycle Attainment (2018-2020) ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​
​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | Fiscal 2018 | ​ | ​ | Fiscal 2019 | ​ | ​ | Fiscal 2020 | ​
EPS | ​ | ​ | Actual Results | ​ | ​ | ​ | $ | 3.91 | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | $ | 3.69 | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | TBD | ​ | ​
​ | ​ | ​ | Target Performance Goal | ​ | ​ | ​ | $ | 4.90 | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | $ | 3.72 | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | TBD | ​ | ​
​ | ​ | ​ | Performance% | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 79.8 % | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 99.2 % | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | TBD | ​ | ​
ROIC | ​ | ​ | Actual Results | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 17.5 % | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 13.9 % | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | TBD | ​ | ​
​ | ​ | ​ | Target Performance Goal | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 23.0 % | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 14.7 % | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | TBD | ​ | ​
​ | ​ | ​ | Performance% | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 76.0 % | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 94.8 % | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | TBD | ​ | ​ 46 TABLE OF CONTENTS Fiscal 2017 PSU Awards The following table sets forth the target number and grant value of the PSUs awarded to the named executive officers in fiscal 2017 (Mr. Thorn and Mr. Ramsden were not employed by the Company during fiscal 2017 and Mr. Johnson’s 2017 PSU award terminated with his employment), the number and value of the PSUs actually earned by the named executive officer under such awards, the vesting factor applicable to such awards and the performance attained for each performance measure during each service period in the fiscal 2017 PSU award performance cycle: Name | ​ | ​ | Target Number of PSUs | ​ | ​ | Grant Value of PSUs | ​ | ​ | Number of PSUs Earned | ​ | ​ | Value of PSUs Earned | ​ | ​ | Vesting Factor | ​
Ms. Bachmann | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 19,444 | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | $ | 1,001,171 | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 6,980 | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | $ | 99,256 | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 35.9 % | ​ | ​
Mr. Schlonsky | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 12,693 | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | $ | 653,562 | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 4,556 | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | $ | 64,786 | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 35.9 % | ​ | ​
Mr. Robins | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 10,202 | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | $ | 525,301 | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 3,662 | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | $ | 52,074 | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 35.9 % | ​ | ​ Fiscal 2017 PSU Award Performance Cycle Attainment (2017-2019) ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​
​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | Fiscal 2017 | ​ | ​ | Fiscal 2018 | ​ | ​ | Fiscal 2019 | ​
EPS | ​ | ​ | Actual Results | ​ | ​ | ​ | $ | 4.27 | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | $ | 3.91 | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | $ | 3.69 | ​ | ​
​ | ​ | ​ | Target Performance Goal | ​ | ​ | ​ | $ | 4.10 | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | $ | 4.90 | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | $ | 3.72 | ​ | ​
​ | ​ | ​ | Performance% | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 104.1 % | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 79.8 % | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 99.2 % | ​ | ​
EPS Vesting Factor for 2017 PSU Awards (120.73% +(1.02)% +95.97% / 3) = 71.89% | ​
ROIC | ​ | ​ | Actual Results | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 22.7 % | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 17.5 % | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 13.9 % | ​ | ​
​ | ​ | ​ | Target Performance Goal | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 23.5 % | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 23.0 % | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 14.7 % | ​ | ​
​ | ​ | ​ | Performance% | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 96.8 % | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 76.0 % | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 94.8 % | ​ | ​
ROIC Vesting Factor for 2017 PSU Awards (83.83% +(19.78)% +73.81% / 3) = 45.95% (As this value is below the Floor level of performance the vesting factor was reduced to 0% for this performance measure.) | ​ Fiscal 2019 RSU Awards The following table sets forth the number and grant value of the RSUs awarded to the named executive officers in fiscal 2019(Mr. Johnson’s RSU award was prorated due to his termination of employment): Name | ​ | ​ | Number of RSUs | ​ | ​ | Grant Value of RSUs | ​
Mr. Thorn | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 48,351 | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | $ | 1,759,976 | ​ | ​
Mr. Ramsden | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 20,439 | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | $ | 464,988 | ​ | ​
Ms. Bachmann | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 19,453 | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | $ | 708,089 | ​ | ​
Mr. Schlonsky | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 12,698 | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | $ | 462,207 | ​ | ​
Mr. Robins | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 11,714 | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | $ | 426,390 | ​ | ​
Mr. Johnson | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 2,838 | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | $ | 103,303 | ​ | ​ The RSUs awarded to our named executive officers vest ratably over three years from the grant date of the award and, are subject to (1) the participant remaining employed by us through each annual vesting date and (2) an operating profit performance component that requires us to earn at least one dollar in operating profit for the fiscal year in which the grant date occurs or in either of the two fiscal years immediately thereafter. As a result of our performance in fiscal 2019, the performance requirement for the fiscal 2019 RSU awards was met. Accordingly, except for Mr. Ramsden, one-third of the RSU awards for fiscal 2019 vested on the second trading day after we filed our Current Report on Form 8-K with the SEC reporting the 47 TABLE OF CONTENTS satisfaction of the performance requirement. The RSUs awarded to Mr. Ramsden in fiscal 2019 vest ratably over three years beginning on the first anniversary of the grant date (September 15, 2019). Personal Benefits and Perquisites We provide our named executive officers with certain benefits that are available to nearly all salaried employees, including paid group term life insurance equal to one and a half times base salary, matching contributions to our Savings Plan, and medical and dental insurance. We generally provide the following limited personal benefits and perquisites to employees at or above the vice president level: (1) coverage under the Big Lots Executive Benefit Plan (“ Executive Benefit Plan ”); (2) enhanced long-term disability insurance coverage; and (3) payment of an automobile allowance. We believe these personal benefits and perquisites, although immaterial to us in amount, are an important element of total compensation because of the value our executives place on these benefits. Our Executive Benefit Plan reimburses executives for health-related costs incurred but not covered under our Big Lots Associate Benefit Plan, up to an annual maximum reimbursement of $40,000 per family. Amounts received by named executive officers under the Executive Benefit Plan are treated as taxable income, and we reimburse each executive the approximate amount of his or her income tax liability relating to the benefits received under the Executive Benefit Plan. We offer short-term disability coverage to all full-time employees and long-term disability coverage to all salaried employees. The benefits provided under the long-term disability plan are greater for our named executive officers than for employees below the vice president level. Under the enhanced long-term disability coverage, a named executive officer may receive 67% of his or her monthly salary, up to $25,000 per month, until the executive is no longer disabled or turns 65, whichever occurs earlier. We pay the premiums for this long-term disability coverage and also reimburse our named executive officers for any income taxes resulting from our payment of such premiums. Post-Termination and Change in Control Arrangements The employment agreement and senior executive severance agreements described below in “Agreements with Named Executive Officers” provide our named executive officers with potential severance and change in control payments and benefits. Our equity compensation plans and related award agreements also provide for the accelerated vesting of outstanding equity awards, including PSUs and RSUs, in connection with certain termination events. The change in control provisions of the employment agreement and severance agreements provide the named executive officer certain cash payments and other benefits upon a change in control only if the executive is terminated in connection with the change in control (including a constructive termination). The Committee believes that this “double trigger” structure incentivizes our executive officers to remain objective in connection with, and not be distracted by the personal uncertainties and risks created by, an actual or proposed change in control. While the Committee considers the potential payments upon termination or change in control annually when it establishes compensation for the applicable year, this information is not a primary consideration in setting salary, bonus payout percentages or equity compensation amounts. See “Potential Payments Upon Termination or Change in Control” below for a discussion of the compensation that may be paid to our named executive officers in connection with a change in control or the termination of employment. AGREEMENTS WITH NAMED EXECUTIVE OFFICERS Employment Agreement On April 29, 2013, we entered into a Second Amended and Restated Employment Agreement with Ms. Bachmann. The term of Ms. Bachmann’s employment agreement will continue as long as we employ her unless we mutually agree with her to amend or terminate the employment agreement. We considered many factors in negotiating the employment agreement with Ms., Bachmann, including: our need for her services; her level of responsibility and the potential impact that she could have on our operations and financial 48 TABLE OF CONTENTS condition; her skills and past (if applicable) and anticipated future performance; the compensation paid to similarly-situated executives at comparator group companies; the relationship between the compensation offered to her and paid to the other Leadership Team members; and our perception of the relative bargaining power of the parties. Under the terms of her employment agreement, Ms. Bachmann is entitled to receive at least $625,000 in annual base salary. Ms. Bachmann’s employment agreement also establishes the minimum payout percentages (as a percentage of base salary) that may be set for her target and maximum annual incentive award levels as 60% and 120%, respectively. The employment agreement with Ms. Bachmann imposes several restrictive covenants that survive the termination of her employment in exchange for minimum salary levels and target and maximum bonus payout percentages, potential severance and change in control payments and other benefits. These restrictive covenants include confidentiality (infinite), non-solicitation (two years), non-disparagement (infinite), non-competition (one year, but reduced to six months following a change in control), and continuing cooperation (infinite). The employment agreement does not require us to reimburse Ms. Bachmann for the amount of any golden parachute excise tax imposed under Section 4999 of the IRC (the “ Excise Tax ”). Her employment agreement provides that if the payments to be received by her in connection with a change in control constitute “excess parachute payments,” her payments and benefits will be reduced to an amount equal to one dollar less than the amount that would generate an excise tax liability unless she would be in a better net after-tax position without any such reduction, in which case payments and benefits will not be reduced. Senior Executive Severance Agreements We have entered into a senior executive severance agreement with each of Messrs. Thorn, Ramsden, Schlonsky and Robins and several other key officers who are not parties to an employment agreement. The senior executive severance agreements expire on the first anniversary of the date of execution and automatically renew for an additional year unless we provide the executive at least 30 days’ notice of non-renewal. The senior executive severance agreements provide for the following severance benefits if, within 24 months after a change in control, the executive is terminated by us (other than for cause) or as a result of a constructive termination: (1) a lump-sum payment equal to 200% of the executive’s then current annual salary and target annual incentive award; (2) a lump-sum payment equal to executive’s target bonus prorated for the number of days the executive worked during the applicable performance period prior to the executive’s termination; and (3) for a period of two years, the executive is entitled to participate in any group life, hospitalization or disability insurance plan, health program or other executive benefit plan generally available to similarly titled executive officers. The executives are also entitled to reimbursement of legal fees and expenses they incur in seeking to enforce their rights under the agreement. The senior executive severance agreements do not provide a gross-up payment to any participants to offset any Excise Tax. Severance Plan The Board adopted the Severance Plan, which covers each of our named executive officers and several of our other key executives, to provide more uniform severance payments and benefits to our executives, avoid the use of individual severance agreements and ensure that restrictive covenants apply to our key executives. The payments and benefits to which our named executive officers would be entitled to under the Severance Plan (collectively, the “ Severance Benefits ”) if they are terminated without Cause (as defined in the Severance Plan) or as a result of a Constructive Termination (as defined in the Severance Plan) are described below in the “Potential Payments Upon Termination or Change in Control — Involuntary Termination Without Cause.” The Severance Plan also imposes confidentiality, non-competition, non-solicitation, non-disparagement and post-termination cooperation obligations on participants. The non-competition and non-solicitation obligations apply during the period of employment and continue until the end of the restriction period set forth in the Severance Plan. 49 TABLE OF CONTENTS The Severance Plan does not provide a gross-up payment to any participants to offset any Excise Tax. If Ms. Bachmann is entitled to benefits under the Severance Plan and to severance benefits under her employment agreement, she will receive the greater of (i) the aggregate benefits payable under the Severance Plan or (ii) the aggregate severance benefits payable under her employment agreement. Retirement Plans We maintain two retirement plans: (1) a tax-qualified defined contribution plan (“ Savings Plan ”); and (2) a non-qualified supplemental defined contribution plan (“ Supplemental Savings Plan ”). We believe that the Savings Plan and Supplemental Savings Plan are generally commensurate with the retirement plans provided by companies in our peer groups and that providing these plans enhances our ability to attract and retain qualified executives. See the “Nonqualified Deferred Compensation — Supplemental Savings Plan” section of this Proxy Statement for a discussion of our retirement plans. OTHER EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION POLICIES AND PRACTICES Minimum Share Ownership Requirements and Hedging and Pledging Prohibition The Board has adopted minimum share ownership requirements for all outside directors and Leadership Team members. These requirements are designed to align the long-term interests of our outside directors and executives with those of our shareholders. Under the requirements, the outside directors and Leadership Team members must own Common Shares having an aggregate value equal to at least the following multiple of his or her Board retainer or salary (as is in effect at the time compliance with the requirements is evaluated), as applicable: Title | ​ | ​ | Multiple of Retainer or Salary | ​
Outside Director | ​ | ​ | 5x | ​
Chief Executive Officer | ​ | ​ | 5x | ​
Executive Vice President | ​ | ​ | 2.5x | ​
Senior Vice President | ​ | ​ | 2x | ​ Shares counted toward these requirements include Common Shares held directly or through a broker, Common Shares held under the Savings Plan or Supplemental Savings Plan, unvested restricted stock, unvested RSUs, unvested PSUs (at the threshold amount), deferred stock units and vested but unexercised in-the-money stock options. Each outside director that served on the Board when these requirements were adopted in March 2008 is required to meet the requirements at each annual adjustment date (the “ testing date ”). Outside directors and executives must meet the requirements on the first testing date for outside directors or executives following the fifth anniversary of their election, hire or promotion, as applicable. Each outside director and executive who has been on the Board or a Leadership Team member for at least five years satisfied our minimum share ownership requirements. In addition to the minimum share ownership requirements, we do not allow our outside directors or Leadership Team members to enter into any hedging, pledging or monetization transactions involving our Common Shares. Anti-Hedging Policy and Clawback Policy Our insider trading policies prohibit our Leadership Team and members of the Board, from engaging in hedging and monetization transactions relating to Company securities, including through the use of financial instruments such as prepaid variable forwards, equity swaps, collars and exchange funds. Our insider trading policies also prohibit our Leadership Team and members of the Board, from holding Company securities in a margin account or otherwise pledging Company securities as collateral for a loan. The Committee has adopted an incentive compensation recoupment policy, commonly referred to as a clawback policy, which applies to all cash and equity incentive-based compensation paid or awarded to an associate (including our named executive officers) on or after March 2017. Under the policy, if we determine 50 TABLE OF CONTENTS that we must prepare an accounting restatement due to material noncompliance with any financial reporting requirement under the U.S. federal securities laws, we will seek to recover, at the discretion of the compensation committee after it has reviewed the facts and circumstances that led to the requirement for the restatement, the amount of erroneously awarded cash and equity incentive-based compensation received by the associate during the three-year period immediately preceding the date on which we are required to prepare the restatement. Equity Grant Timing Pursuant to the terms of the 2017 LTIP, the grant date of equity awards must be the later of the date the terms of the award are established by corporate action or the date specified in the award agreement. Consistent with prior years, in fiscal 2019, the outside directors, after consultation with the Committee, specified that the grant date of the equity awards was the first trading day following our release of fiscal 2018 results. This future date was established to allow the market to absorb and react to our release of material non-public information, and to avoid any suggestion that the Board, the Committee or any employee manipulated the terms of the equity awards. For equity awards made throughout the fiscal year, which generally are made as a result of a hiring or promotion, the grant date is the 15 th day of the month following the month of the hire or promotion date. We have no policy of timing the grant date of equity awards with the release of material non-public information, and we have not timed the release of material non-public information for the purpose of affecting the value of any equity awards. Tax and Accounting Considerations The Committee reviews and considers the impact that tax laws and accounting regulations may have on the executive compensation awards, including the deductibility of executive compensation under Section 162(m) of the IRC. In doing so, the Committee relies on guidance from members of our finance and legal departments, as well as outside accountants and attorneys. Section 162(m) generally does not allow a tax deduction to publicly-held companies for compensation over $1 million paid in any fiscal year to certain current and former executive officers of the company. However, prior to December 2017, when the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act (“ Tax Act ”) was enacted into law, Section 162(m) exempted qualified performance-based compensation from this $1 million limit if certain requirements were met. Historically, the Committee had structured the annual cash incentives and performance-based compensation awarded to covered employees in a manner intended to meet the exception from Section 162(m)’s deduction limits. The Tax Act eliminated the qualified performance-based exception to the $1 million deduction limit and subjects all compensation paid to the chief executive officer, the chief financial officer and the next three highest paid officers whose compensation is required to be reported in the Summary Compensation Table of the proxy statement for 2018 and beyond (each, a “ Covered Employee ”). Once an individual becomes a Covered Employee, that individual will remain a Covered Employee for all subsequent years. The Tax Act includes a grandfathering provision for compensation paid pursuant to a written binding contract in effect on or before November 2, 2017 that has not been modified in any material way since that date. Based on current guidance, we believe our equity awards granted on and prior to November 2, 2017 comply with the grandfathering provision and will remain deductible. However, equity awards granted after November 2, 2017 will likely be subject to the limitations on deductibility under Section 162(m). Prior to 2019, we granted short-term annual cash incentive awards to our named executive officers under the 2006 Bonus Plan. Beginning with the 2019 fiscal year, we granted short-term annual cash incentive awards to our named executive officers under the 2019 Bonus Plan. Historically, we intended annual cash incentive awards issued to covered employees under the 2006 Bonus Plan to qualify for the performance-based compensation deduction allowed by Section 162(m). Although we still intend to grant performance-based annual compensation opportunities, amounts paid pursuant to the 2019 Bonus Plan are subject to the limitations on deductibility under Section 162(m). COMPENSATION COMMITTEE REPORT The Compensation Committee reviewed and discussed the above CD&A with management and, based on such review and discussion, the Compensation Committee recommended to the Board that the CD&A be included in this Proxy Statement and our Annual Report on Form 10-K for fiscal 2019 (“ Form 10-K ”). 51 TABLE OF CONTENTS Members of the Compensation Committee ​ | Nancy A. Reardon (Chair) | ​ | ​ | Marla C. Gottschalk | ​
​ | Jeffrey P. Berger | ​ | ​ | Christopher J. McCormick | ​ Summary Compensation Table for 2019 Name and Principal Position (1) (a) | ​ | ​ | Year (b) | ​ | ​ | Salary ($) (2) (c) | ​ | ​ | Bonus ($) (3) (d) | ​ | ​ | Stock Awards ($) (4) (e) | ​ | ​ | Non-Equity Incentive Plan Compensation ($) (5) (g) | ​ | ​ | Change in Pension Value and Nonqualified Deferred Compensation Earnings ($) (h) | ​ | ​ | All Other Compensation ($) (6)(7) (i) | ​ | ​ | Total ($) (j) | ​
Bruce K. Thorn, President and Chief Executive Officer (8) | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 2019 | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 1,100,000 | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 4,399,996 | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 976,113 | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | — | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 71,721 | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 6,547,830 | ​ | ​
​ | ​ | ​ | 2018 | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 359,615 | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 500,000 | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 2,999,992 | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | — | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | — | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 47,725 | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 3,907,332 | ​ | ​
​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | — | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | — | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​
Jonathan E. Ramsden, Executive Vice President, Chief Financial and Administrative Officer (9) | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 2019 | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 336,539 | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | — | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 937,506 | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 177,519 | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | — | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 28,997 | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 1,480,561 | ​ | ​
Lisa M. Bachmann, Executive Vice President, Chief Merchandising and Operating Officer | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 2019 | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 786,775 | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | — | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 1,770,241 | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 335,119 | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | — | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 196,835 | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 3,088,970 | ​ | ​
​ | ​ | ​ | 2018 | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 782,807 | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | — | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 3,269,227 | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | — | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | — | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 235,106 | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 4,287,140 | ​ | ​
​ | ​ | ​ | 2017 | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 760,427 | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | — | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 1,668,585 | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 378,243 | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | — | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 231,466 | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 3,038,721 | ​ | ​
Michael A. Schlonsky, Executive Vice President, Human Resources | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 2019 | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 513,600 | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | — | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 1,155,591 | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 218,763 | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | — | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 139,672 | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 2,027,626 | ​ | ​
​ | ​ | ​ | 2018 | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 511,008 | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | — | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 1,620,517 | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | — | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | — | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 135,267 | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 2,266,792 | ​ | ​
​ | ​ | ​ | 2017 | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 496,390 | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | — | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 1,089,219 | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 246,909 | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | — | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 156,370 | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 1,988,888 | ​ | ​
Ronald A. Robins, Jr., Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Corporate Secretary | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 2019 | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 481,358 | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | — | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 1,066,047 | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 212,970 | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | — | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 96,540 | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 1,856,915 | ​ | ​
​ | ​ | ​ | 2018 | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 471,412 | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | — | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 1,379,975 | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | — | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | — | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 84,277 | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 1,935,664 | ​ | ​
​ | ​ | ​ | 2017 | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 456,577 | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | — | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 875,484 | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 227,783 | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | — | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 56,769 | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 1,616,613 | ​ | ​
Timothy A. Johnson, Former Chief Administrative Officer and Financial Officer (10) | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 2019 | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 402,982 | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | — | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 1,386,731 | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 173,088 | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | — | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 441,159 | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 2,403,960 | ​ | ​
​ | ​ | ​ | 2018 | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 613,214 | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | — | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 2,560,971 | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | — | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | — | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 217,967 | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 3,392,152 | ​ | ​
​ | ​ | ​ | 2017 | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 595,668 | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | — | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 1,307,022 | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 296,291 | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | — | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 207,378 | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 2,406,359 | ​ | ​ ​ (1) We are a party to an employment agreement with Ms. Bachmann, the material terms of which are described in the “Agreements with Named Executive Officers — Employment Agreement” section of the CD&A. We are a party to a senior executive severance agreement with Mr. Thorn, Mr. Ramsden, Mr. Schlonsky, and Mr. Robins, the material terms of which are described in the “Agreements with Named Executive Officers — Senior Executive Severance Agreements” section of the CD&A. We are a party to an executive severance plan with each of our named executive officers, the material terms of which are described in the “Agreements with Named Executive Officers — Severance Plan” section of the CD&A. ​ (2) The amounts in this column reflect the salary earned by each named executive officer for fiscal 2019, fiscal 2018 and fiscal 2017. ​ (3) The amount in this column reflects the one-time bonus paid by the Company to Mr. Thorn upon the commencement of his employment with the Company. ​ 52 TABLE OF CONTENTS (4) The amounts in this column reflect the sum of (i) the grant date fair value of the RSUs, as determined in accordance with ASC 718, and (ii) the estimated fair value of the PSUs awarded to the named executive officers in fiscal 2019 and fiscal 2018 under the 2017 LTIP and in fiscal 2017 under the Big Lots 2012 Long-Term Incentive Plan (“ 2012 LTIP ”). These amounts do not represent the actual amounts that will be realized by the Named Executive Officers with respect to such awards. Assumptions used in the calculation of these amounts are included in Note 7 to the Company’s audited consolidated financial statements for the fiscal year ended February 1, 2020, included in the Form 10-K. ​ (5) The amounts in this column reflect annual incentive awards earned under the 2019 Bonus Plan for performance during fiscal 2019 and the 2006 Bonus Plan for performance during fiscal 2018 and fiscal 2017. ​ (6) For fiscal 2019, the amounts in this column include the following compensation for the executives, as more fully described in the table included with this footnote: ​ i. The reimbursement of taxes related to our payment of healthcare costs, including costs covered by the Executive Benefit Plan, long-term disability insurance premiums, and relocation expenses; ​ ii. Matching contributions made by Big Lots pursuant to the Savings Plan and the Supplemental Savings Plan, both of which are described in the narrative disclosure accompanying the Nonqualified Deferred Compensation table below; ​ iii. Healthcare costs paid by Big Lots pursuant to the Executive Benefit Plan, which is described in the “Components of our Executive Compensation Program — Personal Benefits and Perquisites” section of the CD&A; ​ iv. Premiums paid by Big Lots for life insurance, which is generally available to all full-time employees; ​ v. Premiums paid by Big Lots for long-term disability insurance, which is described in the “Components of our Executive Compensation Program — Personal Benefits and Perquisites” section of the CD&A; ​ vi. The cost to Big Lots associated with the executive’s use of an automobile or receipt of a cash allowance in lieu of an automobile; ​ vii. Matching charitable contributions made by Big Lots; ​ viii. Dividends paid on vested RSU and PSU awards; and ​ ix. Separation payments made to Mr. Johnson pursuant to the executive severance plan. ​ Name | ​ | ​ | Mr. Thorn | ​ | ​ | Mr. Ramsden | ​ | ​ | Ms. Bachmann | ​ | ​ | Ms. Schlonsky | ​ | ​ | Mr. Robins | ​ | ​ | Mr. Johnson | ​
Reimbursement of Taxes ($) | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 10,549 | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 2,448 | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 9,156 | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 11,516 | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 4,021 | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 31,841 | ​ | ​
Big Lots Contributions to Defined Contribution Plans ($) | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 10,154 | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | — | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 11,200 | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 11,200 | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 11,200 | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 11,200 | ​ | ​
Big Lots Paid Health Care under Executive Benefits Plans ($) | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 8,363 | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 4,190 | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 9,533 | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 12,376 | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 7,727 | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 37,245 | ​ | ​
Big Lots Paid Life Insurance Premiums ($) | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 775 | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 388 | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 755 | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 599 | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 566 | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 478 | ​ | ​
Big Lots Paid Long-Term Disability Insurance Premiums ($) | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 1,501 | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 625 | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 1,501 | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 1,501 | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 1,501 | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 1,126 | ​ | ​
Use of Automobile or Automobile Allowance ($) | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 13,200 | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 6,346 | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 13,200 | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 13,200 | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 13,200 | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 10,408 | ​ | ​
Severance Expenses ($) | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | — | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | — | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | — | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | — | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | — | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 244,724 | ​ | ​
Matching Charitable Contributions ($) | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | — | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 15,000 | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 15,000 | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 15,000 | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 11,500 | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 15,000 | ​ | ​
Dividend Payments ($) | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 27,179 | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | — | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 136,490 | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 74,280 | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 46,825 | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 89,137 | ​ | ​
Total | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 71,721 | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 28,997 | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 196,835 | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 139,672 | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 96,540 | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 441,159 | ​ | ​ ​ (7) We purchase tickets to entertainment and sporting venues for the primary purpose of allowing employees to use such tickets in furtherance of our business. Because we incur no incremental cost if a ​ 53 TABLE OF CONTENTS named executive officer uses such tickets for purposes other than our business, such tickets are not included in the amounts in this column. (8) Mr. Thorn joined Big Lots as our President and CEO on September 30, 2018 and did not serve in any other capacity with Big Lots prior to such date. ​ (9) Mr. Ramsden joined Big Lots as our Executive Vice President, Chief Financial and Administrative Officer on August 5, 2019 and did not serve in any other capacity with Big Lots prior to such date. ​ (10) Mr. Johnson served as our Executive Vice President, Chief Administrative Officer and Financial Officer until August 4, 2019. ​ Bonus and Equity Plans The amounts reported in the Summary Compensation Table above include awards granted to the named executive officers under the 2006 Bonus Plan, the 2019 Bonus Plan, the 2012 LTIP and the 2017 LTIP. Below is a description of the material terms of each plan and the awards made under those plans to our named executive officers, as reflected in the following Grants of Plan-Based Awards in Fiscal 2019 table. Big Lots 2019 Bonus Plan The 2019 Bonus Plan provides for cash compensation paid annually when we meet or exceed pre-established minimum corporate performance amounts under one or more financial measures approved by the Compensation Committee and other non-employee directors at the start of the fiscal year. Whether we achieve the minimum corporate performance amounts is substantially uncertain at the time the corporate performance amounts and financial measures are established. No right to a minimum annual incentive award exists under the 2019 Bonus Plan, and the Compensation Committee has the discretion to cancel or decrease an annual incentive award calculated under the 2019 Bonus Plan. Payments made with respect to a fiscal year were made in the first quarter of the following fiscal year. The annual incentive awards that may be earned under the 2019 Bonus Plan range from the threshold to the maximum annual incentive award payout percentages, and include all amounts in between. The smallest target and maximum annual incentive award payout percentages that may be set annually for Ms. Bachmann is set forth in her employment agreement. The threshold annual incentive award payout percentage is pre-established annually by the Compensation Committee and the other non-employee directors and has historically been one-half of the target annual incentive award payout percentage. Subject to the terms of Ms. Bachmann’s employment agreement, the Compensation Committee and the other non-employee directors retain the right to adjust the payout percentages and, in the past, have generally done so as deemed necessary to realign an executive’s annual incentive award opportunity with our compensation philosophy. See the “Components of our Executive Compensation Program — Annual Cash Incentive Awards” and “Agreements with Named Executive Officers — Employment Agreement” sections of the CD&A for more information regarding the 2019 Bonus Plan and the awards made under that plan for fiscal 2019. Big Lots 2006 Bonus Plan The 2006 Bonus Plan provided for cash compensation paid annually when we met or exceeded pre-established minimum corporate performance amounts under one or more financial measures approved by the Compensation Committee and other non-employee directors at the start of the fiscal year. Whether we achieve the minimum corporate performance amounts is substantially uncertain at the time the corporate performance amounts and financial measures are established. No right to a minimum annual incentive award existed under the 2006 Bonus Plan, and the Compensation Committee had the discretion to cancel or decrease an annual incentive award (but not increase an annual incentive award for a covered employee (as that term was defined under Section 162(m) of the IRC on the grant date)) calculated under the 2006 Bonus Plan. Payments made with respect to a fiscal year were made in the first quarter of the following fiscal year. The annual incentive awards could be earned under the 2006 Bonus Plan ranged from the threshold to the maximum annual incentive award payout percentages, and included all amounts in between. The threshold annual incentive award payout percentage was pre-established annually by the Compensation Committee and the other non-employee directors and has historically been one-half of the target annual incentive award payout percentage. Subject to the terms of Ms. Bachmann’s employment agreement, the Compensation Committee and the other non-employee directors retained the right to adjust the 54 TABLE OF CONTENTS payout percentages and, in the past, have generally done so as deemed necessary to realign an executive’s annual incentive award opportunity with our compensation philosophy. Pursuant to the terms of the 2006 Bonus Plan, the maximum annual incentive award payable under the plan to a participant in a single fiscal year was $4,000,000. Big Lots 2012 Long-Term Incentive Plan From May 23, 2012 through May 25, 2017, all employee equity awards, including those made to our named executive officers, were granted under the 2012 LTIP. The 2012 LTIP authorized the grant of (1) NQSOs, (2) ISOs as defined in Section 422 of the IRC, (3) SARs, (4) restricted stock, (5) RSUs, (6) deferred stock units, (7) performance shares, (8) PSUs, (9) performance units, (10) cash-based awards, and (11) other stock-based awards (NQSOs, ISOs, SARs, restricted stock, restricted stock units, deferred stock units, performance shares, performance share units, performance units, cash-based awards and other stock-based awards are referred to collectively as “ Awards ”). Each stock option granted under the 2012 LTIP allows the recipient to acquire our Common Shares, subject to the completion of a vesting period and continued employment with us through the applicable vesting date. Once vested, these Common Shares may be acquired at a fixed exercise price per share and the stock options remain exercisable for the term set forth in the award agreement. Stock option awards under the 2012 LTIP vest on the anniversary of the grant date at a rate of 25% per year over the first four years of the seven-year option term. Pursuant to the terms of the 2012 LTIP, the exercise price of a stock option may not be less than the average trading price of our Common Shares on the grant date or, if the grant date occurs on a day other than a trading day, on the next trading day. The RSUs awarded to our named executive officers pursuant to the 2012 LTIP covered a fixed number of RSUs. The RSUs will vest, if at all, ratably over three years from the grant date of the award if the participant remains employed by us through each annual vesting date (except in the case of death, disability, retirement, involuntary termination or constructive termination). These RSUs are also subject to an operating profit performance component that requires us to earn at least one dollar in operating profit for the fiscal year in which the grant date occurs or in either of the two fiscal years immediately thereafter. The PSUs awarded to our named executive officers pursuant to the 2012 LTIP covered a target number of PSUs. The PSUs will vest, if at all, after the completion of a three-year performance period, based: (1) 50% on our average EPS performance, excluding selected plan-defined items, for each of the three service periods during the performance period; (2) 50% on our average ROIC performance (net operating profit after-tax divided by invested capital for the fiscal year), excluding selected plan-defined items, for each of the three service periods during the performance period; and (3) on the named executive officer’s continued employment through the end of the performance period (except in the case of death, disability or retirement). The actual number of PSUs that will vest will increase to 150% of the target number if we achieve the maximum performance levels for both of the EPS and ROIC performance goals, and decrease to zero if we fail to meet the minimum performance levels for both of the performance goals. If we achieve the minimum performance levels for both of the EPS and ROIC performance goals, 50% of the target number of PSUs will vest. The percentage of the target number of PSUs that will vest for performance between the threshold and maximum performance levels will increase proportionately from 50% to 150% based on our actual performance. Upon a change in control (as defined in the 2012 LTIP), all awards outstanding under the 2012 LTIP automatically become fully vested. For a discussion of the change in control provisions in Ms. Bachmann’s employment agreement, our named executive officers’ senior executive severance agreements and the 2012 LTIP, see the “Potential Payments Upon Termination or Change in Control — Rights Under Post-Termination and Change in Control Arrangements” section below. Big Lots 2017 Long-Term Incentive Plan All equity awards granted to our employees and non-employee directors since May 25, 2017 have been granted under the 2017 LTIP. The 2017 LTIP authorizes grants of (1) NQSOs, (2) ISOs, (3) SARs, (4) restricted 55 TABLE OF CONTENTS stock, (5) RSUs, (6) deferred stock units, (7) performance shares, (8) PSUs, (9) performance units, (10) cash-based awards, and (11) other stock-based awards. All of our and our affiliates’ employees, outside directors and consultants are eligible to receive Awards under the 2017 LTIP. The RSUs awarded to our named executive officers in fiscal 2019 pursuant to the 2017 LTIP covered a fixed number of RSUs. The RSUs will vest, if at all, ratably over three years from the grant date of the award if the participant remains employed by us through each annual vesting date (except in the case of death, disability, retirement, involuntary termination or constructive termination). These RSUs are also subject to an operating profit performance component that requires us to earn at least one dollar in operating profit for the fiscal year in which the grant date occurs or in either of the two fiscal years immediately thereafter. The PSUs awarded to our named executive officers in fiscal 2019 covered a target number of PSUs. The PSUs will vest, if at all, after the completion of a three-year performance period, based: (1) 50% on our average EPS performance, excluding selected plan-defined items, for each of the three service periods during the performance period; (2) 50% on our average ROIC performance (net operating profit after-tax divided by invested capital for the fiscal year), excluding selected plan-defined items, for each of the three service periods during the performance period; and (3) on the named executive officer’s continued employment through the end of the performance period (except in the case of death, disability or retirement). The actual number of PSUs that will vest will increase to 150% of the target number if we achieve the maximum performance levels for both of the EPS and ROIC performance goals, and decrease to zero if we fail to meet the minimum performance levels for both of the performance goals. If we achieve the minimum performance levels for both of the EPS and ROIC performance goals, 50% of the target number of PSUs will vest. The percentage of the target number of PSUs that will vest for performance between the threshold and maximum performance levels will increase proportionately from 50% to 150% based on our actual performance. For the first service period of the fiscal 2019 PSU awards, the Committee established the target EPS performance level at $3.72, and the target ROIC performance level at 14.7%. Upon a change in control (as defined in the 2017 LTIP), all awards outstanding under the 2017 LTIP automatically become fully vested. For a discussion of the change in control provisions in Ms. Bachmann’s employment agreements, our senior executive severance agreements and the 2017 LTIP, see the “Potential Payments Upon Termination or Change in Control — Rights Under Post-Termination and Change in Control Arrangements” section below. See the “Components of our Executive Compensation Program — Long-Term Equity Incentive Compensation” section of the CD&A and the “Potential Payments Upon Termination or Change in Control — Rights Under Post-Termination and Change in Control Arrangements” section below for more information regarding the equity awards made under the 2017 LTIP in fiscal 2019. 56 TABLE OF CONTENTS Grants of Plan-Based Awards in Fiscal 2019 The following table sets forth each award made to our named executive officers in fiscal 2019 under the 2019 Bonus Plan and the 2017 LTIP. Name (a) | ​ | ​ | Grant Date (1) (b) | ​ | ​ | Estimated Possible Payouts Under Non-Equity Incentive Plan Awards (2) | ​ | ​ | Estimated Future Payouts Under Equity Incentive Plan Awards (3) | ​ | ​ | All Other Stock Awards: Number of Shares of Stock or Units (#) (4) (i) | ​ | ​ | All Other Option Awards: Number of Securities Underlying Options (#) (j) | ​ | ​ | Exercise or Base Price of Option Awards ($/Sh.) (k) | ​ | ​ | Grant Date Fair Value of Stock and Option Awards ($/ ​ Shr.) (5) (l) | ​
​ | Threshold ($) (c) | ​ | ​ | Target ($) (d) | ​ | ​ | Maximum ($) (e) | ​ | ​ | Threshold (#) (f) | ​ | ​ | Target (#) (g) | ​ | ​ | Maximum (#) (h) | ​
Mr. Thorn | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | — | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 687,500 | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 1,375,000 | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 2,750,000 | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | — | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | — | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | — | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | — | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | — | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | — | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | — | ​ | ​
​ | ​ | ​ | 3/11/19 | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | — | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | — | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | — | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 36,264 | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 72,528 | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 108,792 | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | — | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | — | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | — | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 2,640,019 | ​ | ​
​ | ​ | ​ | 3/11/19 | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 48,351 | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 1,759,976 | ​ | ​
Mr. Ramsden | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | — | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 210,000 | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 420,000 | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 840,000 | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | — | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | — | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | — | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | — | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | — | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | — | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | — | ​ | ​
​ | ​ | ​ | 9/15/19 | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | — | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | — | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | — | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 10,385 | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 20,770 | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 31,155 | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | — | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | — | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | — | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 472,518 | ​ | ​
​ | ​ | ​ | 9/15/19 | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | — | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | — | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | — | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | — | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | — | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | — | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 20,439 | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 464,988 | ​ | ​
Ms. Bachmann | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | — | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 236,032 | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 472,065 | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 944,130 | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | — | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | — | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | — | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | — | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | — | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | — | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | — | ​ | ​
​ | ​ | ​ | 3/11/19 | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | — | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | — | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | — | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 14,590 | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 29,180 | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 43,770 | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | — | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | — | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | — | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 1,062,152 | ​ | ​
​ | ​ | ​ | 3/11/19 | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | — | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | — | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | — | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | — | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | — | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | — | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 19,453 | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 708,089 | ​ | ​
Mr. Schlonsky | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | — | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 154,080 | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 308,160 | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 616,320 | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | — | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | — | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | — | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | — | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | — | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | — | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | — | ​ | ​
​ | ​ | ​ | 3/11/19 | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | — | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | — | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | — | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 9,524 | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 19,049 | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 28,573 | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | — | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | — | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | — | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 693,384 | ​ | ​
​ | ​ | ​ | 3/11/19 | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | — | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | — | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | — | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | — | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | — | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | — | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 12,698 | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 462,207 | ​ | ​
Mr. Robins | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | — | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 150,000 | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 300,000 | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 600,000 | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | — | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | — | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | — | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | — | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | — | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | — | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | — | ​ | ​
​ | ​ | ​ | 3/11/19 | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | — | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | — | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | — | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 8,786 | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 17,573 | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 26,359 | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | — | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | — | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | — | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 639,657 | ​ | ​
​ | ​ | ​ | 3/11/19 | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | — | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | — | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | — | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | — | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | — | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | — | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 11,714 | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 426,390 | ​ | ​
Mr. Johnson | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | — | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 184,898 | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 369,795 | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 739,590 | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | — | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | — | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | — | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | — | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | — | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | — | ​ | ​
​ | ​ | ​ | 3/11/19 | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | — | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | — | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | — | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 11,430 | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 22,859 | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 34,289 | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | — | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | — | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 832,068 | ​ | ​
​ | ​ | ​ | 3/11/19 | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | — | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | — | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | — | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | — | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | — | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | — | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 15,238 | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | — | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 554,663 | ​ | ​ ​ (1) As discussed in the “Compensation Policies & Practices — Equity Grant Timing” section of the CD&A, in fiscal 2019, the Board set the grant date for the March RSU awards and the service inception date for the PSU awards as the first trading day following our release of results from our last completed fiscal year. This future date was established to allow the market to absorb and react to our release of material non-public information, and to avoid any suggestion that the Board, the Compensation Committee or any employee manipulated the terms or timing of the equity awards. For all other awards, the Board set the grant date as the 15 th day of the month following the award date. ​ (2) The amounts in columns (c), (d) and (e) represent our named executive officers’ threshold, target and maximum annual incentive award levels, respectively, for fiscal 2019 pursuant to the 2019 Bonus Plan, which annual incentive award levels are further described in the “Components of our Executive Compensation Program — Annual Cash Incentive Awards” section of the CD&A. ​ (3) The amounts in columns (f), (g) and (h) represent the threshold, target and maximum number of PSUs awarded pursuant to the 2017 LTIP that each named executive officer is eligible to earn depending on the level of achievement of the applicable performance metrics over the three-year performance period. For more information on PSUs, see the narrative discussion preceding this table and the “Components of our Executive Compensation Program — Long-Term Equity Incentive Compensation” section of the CD&A. ​ 57 TABLE OF CONTENTS (4) The amounts in column (i) represent RSUs awarded pursuant to the 2017 LTIP, which awards are described in the narrative discussion preceding this table and the “Components of our Executive Compensation Program — Long-Term Equity Incentive Compensation” section of the CD&A. ​ (5) This column represents the full grant date fair value of the RSUs as calculated in accordance with ASC 718 and the estimated fair value of the PSUs as of the issuance date based on the probable outcome of the performance conditions. ​ Outstanding Equity Awards at 2019 Fiscal Year-End The following table sets forth, as of the end of fiscal 2019, all equity awards outstanding under our equity compensation plans for each named executive officer. ​ | ​ | ​ | Option Awards | ​ | ​ | Stock Awards | ​
Name (a) | ​ | ​ | Number of Securities Underlying Unexercised Options (#) Exercisable (b) | ​ | ​ | Number of Securities Underlying Unexercised Options (#) Unexercisable (c) | ​ | ​ | Equity Incentive Plan Awards: Number of Securities Underlying Unexercised Unearned Options (#) (d) | ​ | ​ | Option Exercise Price ($) (1) (e) | ​ | ​ | Option Expiration Date (f) | ​ | ​ | Number of Shares or Units of Stock That Have Not Vested (#) (2) (g) | ​ | ​ | Market Value of Shares or Units of Stock That Have Not Vested ($) (4) (h) | ​ | ​ | Equity Incentive Plan Awards: Number of Unearned Shares, Units or Other Rights That Have Not Vested (#) (3) (i) | ​ | ​ | Equity Incentive Plan Awards: Market or Payout Value of Unearned Shares, Units or Other Rights That Have Not Vested ($) (4) (j) | ​
Mr. Thorn | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | — | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | — | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | — | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | — | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | — | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 94,336 | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 2,552,732 | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 72,528 | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 1,962,608 | ​ | ​
Mr. Ramsden | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | — | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | — | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 20,439 | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 553,079 | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 20,770 | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 562,036 | ​ | ​
Ms. Bachmann | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 40,000 | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | — | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | — | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 35.72 | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 3/8/2020 | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | — | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | — | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | — | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | — | ​ | ​
​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | — | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | — | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | — | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | — | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | — | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 49,715 | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 1,345,288 | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 70,398 | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 1,904,970 | ​ | ​
Mr. Schlonsky | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 20,000 | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | — | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | — | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 35.72 | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 3/8/2020 | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | — | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | — | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | — | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | — | ​ | ​
​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | — | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | — | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | — | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | — | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | — | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 32,452 | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 878,151 | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 45,956 | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 1,243,569 | ​ | ​
Mr. Robins | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | — | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | — | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | — | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | — | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | — | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 28,945 | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 783,252 | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 39,431 | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 1,067,003 | ​ | ​
Mr. Johnson | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 40,000 | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | — | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 35.72 | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 3/8/2020 | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | — | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | — | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | — | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | — | ​ | ​
​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | — | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | — | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | — | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | — | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | — | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 31,629 | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 855,881 | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | — | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | — | ​ | ​ ​ (1) All stock option awards reflected in this table were made pursuant to the 2012 LTIP. ​ (2) The awards reported in column (g) reflect the unvested RSUs awarded to Mr. Thorn in fiscal 2019 and fiscal 2018 under the 2017 LTIP, the unvested RSUs awarded to Mr. Ramsden in fiscal 2019 under the 2017 LTIP and the unvested RSUs awarded to our other named executive officers in fiscal 2019, fiscal 2018 and fiscal 2017 under the 2012 LTIP and 2017 LTIP. The first third of the fiscal 2018 RSU awards and the second third of the fiscal 2017 RSU awards vested during fiscal 2019. For additional information regarding the fiscal 2019 RSU awards, including the vesting terms, see the narrative discussion preceding the Grants of Plan-Based Awards in Fiscal 2019 table and the “Components of our Executive Compensation Program — Long-Term Equity Incentive Compensation” section of the CD&A. ​ (3) The awards reported in column (i) reflect the following: (1) for Mr. Thorn and Mr. Ramsden, a PSU award in fiscal 2019 (each at target amount); and (2) for Ms. Bachmann, Mr. Schlonsky, and Mr. Robins, a PSU award in fiscal 2019, fiscal 2018 and fiscal 2017 (each at the target amount). If we achieve the maximum performance levels applicable to the PSU awards in fiscal 2019 and fiscal 2018, the total number of PSUs that would vest and be earned for such PSU awards would be: (1) 108,792 for Mr. Thorn; (2) 31,155 for Mr. Ramsden; (3) 76,431 for Ms. Bachmann; (4) 47,620 for Mr. Schlonsky; and (5) 43,843 for Mr. Robins. The fiscal 2017 PSU awards vested on April 1, 2020. For additional information on ​ 58 TABLE OF CONTENTS the fiscal 2019 PSU awards, see the narrative discussion in the “Components of our Executive Compensation Program — Long-Term Equity Incentive Compensation” section of the CD&A. The awards reported in column (i) were made pursuant to the 2012 LTIP and 2017 LTIP. The actual number of PSUs awarded to each named executive officer in fiscal 2019, fiscal 2018 and fiscal 2017 that will vest and be earned (if any) by each named executive officer is determined after the three-year performance period based: (1) 50% on our average EPS performance, excluding plan-defined items, for each of the three service periods during the performance period; (2) 50% on our average ROIC performance (net operating profit after-tax divided by invested capital for the fiscal year), excluding plan-defined items, for each of the three service periods during the performance period; and (3) on the named executive officer’s continued employment through the end of the performance period (except in the case of death, disability or retirement). For additional information regarding the fiscal 2019 PSU awards, including the vesting terms, see the narrative discussion preceding the Grants of Plan-Based Awards in Fiscal 2019 table and the “Components of our Executive Compensation Program — Long-Term Equity Incentive Compensation” section of the CD&A. (4) The market value was computed by multiplying the number of units or shares by $27.06, the closing price of our Common Shares on February 1, 2020. If we achieve the maximum performance levels applicable to the PSU awards in fiscal 2019 and fiscal 2018, the aggregate market value for such PSU awards would be: (1) $2,943,912 for Mr. Thorn; (2) $843,054 for Mr. Ramsden; (3) $2,068,223 for Ms. Bachmann; (4) $1,288,597 for Mr. Schlonsky; and (5) $1,186,392 for Mr. Robins. The fiscal 2017 PSU awards vested on April 1, 2020. For additional information on the fiscal 2017 PSU awards, see the narrative discussion in the “Components of our Executive Compensation Program — Long-Term Equity Incentive Compensation” section of the CD&A. ​ Option Exercises and Stock Vested in Fiscal 2019 The following table reflects all stock option exercises and the vesting of restricted stock held by each of our named executive officers during fiscal 2019. ​ | ​ | ​ | Option Awards | ​ | ​ | Stock Awards | ​
Name (a) | ​ | ​ | Number of Shares Acquired on Exercise (#) (b) | ​ | ​ | Value Realized on Exercise ($) (1) (c) | ​ | ​ | Number of Shares Acquired on Vesting (#) (d) | ​ | ​ | Value Realized on Vesting ($) (2) (e) | ​
Mr. Thorn | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | — | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | — | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 22,649 | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 498,278 | ​ | ​
Mr. Ramsden | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | — | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | — | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | — | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | — | ​ | ​
Ms. Bachmann | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | — | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | — | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 58,045 | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 1,882,462 | ​ | ​
Mr. Schlonsky | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 5,000 | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 40,850 | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 25,542 | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 947,904 | ​ | ​
Mr. Robins | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | — | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | — | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 16,637 | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 615,488 | ​ | ​
Mr. Johnson | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | — | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | — | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 30,651 | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 1,137,506 | ​ | ​ ​ (1) The amounts shown reflect the difference between the exercise price of the option and the market price of the Common Shares at the time of exercise. ​ (2) The amounts shown reflect the number of Common Shares issued to the named executive officer in settlement of the vesting of stock awards multiplied by the closing price of our Common Shares on trading day before the vesting date. ​ Nonqualified Deferred Compensation Supplemental Savings Plan All of our named executive officers, as well as substantially all other full-time employees, are eligible to participate in the Savings Plan, our “401(k) plan.” The Supplemental Savings Plan is maintained for those executives participating in the Savings Plan who desire to contribute more than the amount allowable under the Savings Plan. The Supplemental Savings Plan constitutes a contract to pay deferred compensation and limits deferrals in accordance with prevailing tax law. The Supplemental Savings Plan is designed to pay the 59 TABLE OF CONTENTS deferred compensation in the same amount as if contributions had been made to the Savings Plan. We have no obligation to fund the Supplemental Savings Plan, and all assets and amounts payable under the Supplemental Savings Plan are subject to the claims of our general creditors. In order to participate in the Savings and Supplemental Savings Plans, an eligible employee must satisfy applicable age and service requirements and must make contributions to such plans (“ Participant Contributions ”). Participant Contributions are made through authorized payroll deductions to one or more of the several investment funds available under the Savings and Supplemental Savings Plans and selected at the discretion of the participant. All Participant Contributions are matched by us (“ Registrant Contributions ”) at a rate of 100% for the first 3% of salary contributed and 50% for the next 2% of salary contributed. Additionally, the amount of the Registrant Contribution is subject to the maximum annual compensation that may be taken into account for benefit calculation purposes under the IRC ($280,000 for calendar year 2019). Accordingly, the maximum aggregate Registrant Contribution that could be made to a named executive officer participating in the Savings and Supplemental Savings Plans was $11,200 for fiscal 2019. Prior to fiscal 2017, under the Savings Plan and the Supplemental Savings Plan, 25% of the Registrant Contributions vests annually beginning on the second anniversary of the employee’s hiring. Under the Savings Plan, a participant who has terminated employment with us is entitled to all funds in his or her account, except that if termination is for a reason other than retirement, disability or death, then the participant is entitled to receive only the Participant Contributions and the vested portion of the Registrant Contributions. Under the Supplemental Savings Plan, a participant who has terminated employment with us for any reason is entitled to receive the Participant Contributions and only the vested portion of the Registrant Contributions. Under both plans, all other unvested accrued benefits pertaining to Registrant Contributions will be forfeited. Upon a change in control of Big Lots, the participant will receive a lump sum payment of all amounts (vested and unvested) under the Supplemental Savings Plan. In fiscal 2017, the Savings Plan and Supplemental Savings Plan were amended and all Registrant Contributions in fiscal 2017 and in the future will vest immediately and a participant in the Savings Plan and Supplemental Savings Plan who has terminated employment will be entitled to all funds in his or her account. Nonqualified Deferred Compensation Table for Fiscal 2019 The following table reflects the contributions to, earnings in and balance of each named executive officer’s account held under the Supplemental Savings Plan. Name (a) | ​ | ​ | Executive Contributions in Last FY ($) (1) (b) | ​ | ​ | Registrant Contributions in Last FY ($) (c) | ​ | ​ | Aggregate Earnings in Last FY ($) (2) (d) | ​ | ​ | Aggregate Withdrawals/ ​ Distributions ($) (e) | ​ | ​ | Aggregate Balance at Last FYE ($) (3) (f) | ​
Mr. Thorn | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | — | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | — | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | — | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | — | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | — | ​ | ​
Mr. Ramsden | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | — | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | — | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | — | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | — | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | — | ​ | ​
Ms. Bachmann | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | — | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | — | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 190,868 | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | — | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 1,465,081 | ​ | ​
Mr. Schlonsky | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 25,680 | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | — | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 155,222 | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | — | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 1,085,922 | ​ | ​
Mr. Robins | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | — | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | — | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 30,004 | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | — | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 171,377 | ​ | ​
Mr. Johnson | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 105,818 | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | — | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 295,331 | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 170,128 | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 2,426,874 | ​ | ​ ​ (1) The amounts in this column are included in the “Salary” column of the Summary Compensation Table for fiscal 2019. ​ (2) The amounts in this column are not included in the Summary Compensation Table as these amounts reflect only the earnings on the investments designated by the named executive officer in his or her Supplemental Savings Plan account in fiscal 2019 (i.e., appreciation or decline in account value). The amounts in this column do not include any above-market or preferential earnings, as defined by Item 402(c)(2)(viii) of Regulation S-K and the instructions thereto. ​ 60 TABLE OF CONTENTS (3) $674,532, $87,348, $50,226, and $724,356 of the amounts in this column were previously reported as compensation to Ms. Bachmann, Mr. Schlonsky, Mr. Robins, and Mr. Johnson, respectively, in the Summary Compensation Table for the prior years reported. ​ Potential Payments Upon Termination or Change in Control The “Rights Under Post-Termination and Change in Control Arrangements” section below summarizes the rights of our named executive officers under their employment agreements and other compensation arrangements upon a change in control or in the event their employment with us is terminated. The “Estimated Payments if Triggering Event Occurred at 2019 Fiscal Year End” section below sets forth the payments that would have been received by each executive (or his or her beneficiaries, as applicable) upon a change in control or in the event the executive’s employment with us terminated on February 1, 2020: (1) involuntarily without cause (including a constructive termination (as defined in the Severance Plan)); (2) in connection with the executive’s disability; (3) upon the executive’s death; (4) upon the executive’s retirement (only Ms. Bachmann was retirement eligible at the end of fiscal 2019); or (5) in connection with a change in control. Rights Under Post-Termination and Change in Control Arrangements Termination for Cause If a named executive officer who is a party to an employment agreement with us (Ms. Bachmann) is terminated for cause or due to his or her voluntary resignation, we have no obligation under the employment agreement to pay any unearned compensation or to provide any future benefits to the executive. Involuntary Termination Without Cause If a named executive officer is involuntarily terminated without cause (including a constructive termination), the Severance Plan would entitle the named executive officer to: • a cash payment equal to the product of (1) the named executive officer’s annualized base salary in effect on the date of termination and (2) a multiple thereof; ​ • a cash payment equal to a prorated portion of the annual incentive award that the named executive officer would have earned for the fiscal year in which the termination occurred had such termination not occurred; ​ • a cash payment for outplacement assistance; ​ • continued coverage for the named executive officer under our health plans until the last day of the calendar month in which the post-termination restriction period applicable to the named executive officer elapses, plus the amount necessary to reimburse the named executive officer for the taxes he or she would be liable for as a result of such continued coverage; and ​ • upon achievement of the applicable performance trigger, except for Mr. Thorn’s 2018 RSU award, prorated vesting of all unvested, outstanding RSU awards granted to the named executive officer. If Mr. Thorn is involuntary terminated without cause, his 2018 RSU award will vest in full. ​ Termination due to Disability or Death If a named executive officer is terminated as a result of his or her disability or death: • the Severance Plan would entitle the named executive officer to a cash payment equal to a prorated portion of the annual incentive award that the named executive officer would have earned for the fiscal year in which the termination occurred had such termination not occurred; ​ • a prorated portion of the unvested PSUs granted under the 2012 LTIP and 2017 LTIP that the named executive officer would have earned had the named executive officer remained employed for the entire performance period would vest upon the certification of the applicable performance condition; and ​ 61 TABLE OF CONTENTS • a prorated portion of the unvested RSUs granted under the 2012 LTIP and 2017 LTIP would vest on the termination date. ​ Termination Upon Retirement If a named executive officer is terminated as a result of his or her retirement (as defined in the applicable award agreement): • a prorated portion of the unvested PSUs granted under the 2012 LTIP and 2017 LTIP that the named executive officer would have earned had the named executive officer remained employed for the entire performance period would vest upon the certification of the applicable performance condition; and ​ • if the performance condition is satisfied before the third anniversary of the grant date, a prorated portion of the unvested RSUs granted under the 2012 LTIP and 2017 LTIP would vest on the termination date. ​ Termination in connection with Change in Control If terminated without cause (including a constructive termination) within 24 months after a change in control, the senior executive severance agreements would entitle Mr. Thorn, Mr. Ramsden, Mr. Schlonsky and Mr. Robins to (1) a lump-sum payment equal to 200% of the executive’s then current annual base salary and target annual incentive award (2) a lump-sum payment equal to executive’s target bonus prorated for the number of days the executive worked during the applicable performance period prior to the executive’s termination and (3) continued coverage under our health plans for up to two years after the date of termination. If terminated without cause (including a constructive termination), Ms. Bachmann’s employment agreement would entitle her to (1) a lump-sum payment equal to 200% of the highest annual base salary and maximum annual incentive award in effect during the three months before and the 24 months after the change in control and (2) continued coverage under our health plans for up to two years after the date of termination, plus the amount necessary to reimburse her for the taxes she would be liable for as a result of such continued healthcare coverage. In addition, upon a change in control: • if the change in control occurs before the third anniversary of the grant date, all unvested RSUs granted to the named executive officer under the 2012 LTIP and 2017 LTIP would vest; and ​ • if the change in control occurs before the end of the applicable performance period, the greater of (1) the target number of PSUs and (2) a number of PSUs calculated based on the satisfaction of the applicable performance conditions before the change in control, would vest for each named executive officer. ​ Upon a change in control, each participating named executive officer would also receive a lump sum payment of all vested and unvested amounts under the Supplemental Savings Plan. (See the “Nonqualified Deferred Compensation” section above for more information regarding the Supplemental Savings Plan and our named executive officers’ aggregate balances under such plans at the end of fiscal 2019.) Change in Control Described Under the 2012 LTIP, the 2017 LTIP, the Supplemental Savings Plan (as to amounts earned and vested before January 1, 2005, including earnings attributable to such amounts) and the Severance Plan, a change in control generally occurs upon: (i) certain acquisitions of 20% or more of our outstanding voting securities; (ii) an unapproved change in the majority of the Board during any two-year period; or (iii) certain corporate transactions, including certain mergers, consolidations or the sale of substantially all of the Company’s assets. Under Ms. Bachmann’s employment agreement, the senior executive severance agreements, the 2006 Bonus Plan, the 2019 Bonus Plan and the Supplemental Savings Plan (as to all amounts earned and vested 62 TABLE OF CONTENTS on or after January 1, 2005), a change in control generally occurs upon: (i) certain acquisitions of more than 50% of the total fair market value or voting power in our outstanding voting securities; (ii) certain acquisitions during a one-year period of 30% or more of our outstanding voting securities; (iii) an unapproved change in the majority of the Board during any one-year period; or (iv) the disposition, during any one-year period, of 40% or more of the total gross fair market value of all of our assets. Estimated Payments if Triggering Event Occurred at 2019 Fiscal Year-End The amounts in the following tables are approximations based on various assumptions and estimates. The actual amounts to be paid can only be determined at the time of the change in control or termination of employment, as applicable. In the tables that follow, we have made the following material assumptions, estimates and characterizations: • Except as otherwise provided in the tables below, the amounts are calculated based on compensation levels and benefits effective at February 1, 2020, the last day of fiscal 2019. ​ • We have not taken into account the possibility that a named executive officer may be eligible to receive healthcare benefits from another source following his or her termination. Therefore, the amounts shown in the “Healthcare Coverage” row in the tables below reflect, consistent with the assumptions that would be used to estimate the cost of these benefits for financial reporting purposes under generally accepted accounting principles, the current monthly cost to provide continued healthcare coverage under the Consolidated Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of 1985 (“ COBRA ”) applied to each month these benefits would be provided to the named executive officer. Included in the amounts shown in the “Healthcare Coverage” row in the tables below are the related tax gross-up amounts. The amounts shown in the “Long-Term Disability Benefit” row in the tables below represent 67% of the named executive officer’s monthly salary, up to a maximum of $25,000 per month in accordance with the long-term disability insurance we maintain for our named executive officers. This benefit is payable until the named executive officer is no longer disabled or age 65, whichever occurs earlier. Due to the speculative nature of estimating the period of time during which a named executive officer may be disabled, we have presented only one month of disability benefits in the tables below. ​ • The amounts in the “Accelerated Equity Awards” row under the “Termination upon Disability” and “Termination upon Death” columns in the tables below represent the value (as of the final trading day on the NYSE during fiscal 2019) of (1) a prorated portion of the unvested RSUs granted under the 2012 LTIP and 2017 LTIP, (2) a prorated portion of the unvested PSUs granted under the 2017 LTIP in fiscal 2018 and fiscal 2019, respectively, assuming that the applicable performance goals will be achieved at the target level, and (3) the PSUs granted under the 2012 LTIP in fiscal 2017, that will vest based on our actual performance. The amounts in the “Accelerated Equity Awards” row under the “Retirement” columns in the tables below represent the value (as of the final trading day of fiscal 2019) of (1) a prorated portion of the unvested RSUs granted under the 2012 LTIP and 2017 LTIP, (2) a prorated portion of the unvested PSUs granted under the 2017 LTIP in fiscal 2018 and fiscal 2019, respectively, assuming that the applicable performance goals will be achieved at the target level and (3) the PSUs granted under the 2012 LTIP in fiscal 2017 that vested based on our actual performance. ​ • The amounts in the “Accelerated Equity Awards” row under the “Termination in Connection with a Change in Control” and “Change in Control (without termination)” columns in the tables below include all unvested RSUs and PSUs that would have vested on an accelerated basis had a change in control occurred as of the end of fiscal 2019. These amounts do not reflect any equity awards that vested in fiscal 2019. ​ • The closing market price of our Common Shares on the final trading day on the NYSE during fiscal 2019 was $27.06 per share. ​ 63 TABLE OF CONTENTS Bruce K. Thorn The following table reflects the payments that would have been due to Mr. Thorn in the event of a change in control and/or the termination of his employment on February 1, 2020. ​ | ​ | ​ | Event Occurring at February 1, 2020 | ​
​ | ​ | ​ | Voluntary Termination/ ​ For Cause ($) | ​ | ​ | Involuntary Termination without Cause ($) | ​ | ​ | Retirement ($) | ​ | ​ | Termination upon Disability ($) | ​ | ​ | Termination upon Death ($) | ​ | ​ | Termination in Connection with a Change in Control ($) | ​ | ​ | Change in Control (without termination) ($) | ​
Salary/Salary Continuation ($) | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | — | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 2,200,000 | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | — | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | — | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | — | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 2,200,000 | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | — | ​ | ​
Non-Equity Incentive Plan Compensation ($) | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | — | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 976,113 | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | — | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 976,113 | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 976,113 | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 4,125,000 | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | — | ​ | ​
Healthcare Coverage ($) | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | — | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 59,314 | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | — | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | — | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | — | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 59,314 | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | — | ​ | ​
Long-Term Disability Benefit ($) | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | — | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | — | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | — | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 25,000 | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | — | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | — | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | — | ​ | ​
Outplacement Benefits ($) | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | — | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 40,000 | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | — | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | — | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | — | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | — | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | — | ​ | ​
Accelerated Equity Awards ($) | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | — | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 612,722 | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | — | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 1,294,043 | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 1,294,043 | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 4,729,372 | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 4,729,372 | ​ | ​
Total ($) | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | — | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 3,888,149 | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | — | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 2,295,156 | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 2,270,156 | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 11,113,686 | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 4,729,372 | ​ | ​ Jonathan E. Ramsden The following table reflects the payments that would have been due to Mr. Ramsden in the event of a change in control and/or the termination of his employment with us on February 1, 2020. ​ | ​ | ​ | Event Occurring at February 1, 2020 | ​
​ | ​ | ​ | Voluntary Termination/ ​ For Cause ($) | ​ | ​ | Involuntary Termination without Cause ($) | ​ | ​ | Retirement ($) | ​ | ​ | Termination upon Disability ($) | ​ | ​ | Termination upon Death ($) | ​ | ​ | Termination in Connection with a Change in Control ($) | ​ | ​ | Change in Control (without termination) ($) | ​
Salary/Salary Continuation ($) | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | — | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 1,400,000 | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | — | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | — | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | — | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 1,400,000 | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | — | ​ | ​
Non-Equity Incentive Plan Compensation ($) | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | — | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 177,519 | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | — | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 177,519 | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 177,519 | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 1,260,000 | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | — | ​ | ​
Healthcare Coverage ($) | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | — | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 82,791 | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | — | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | — | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | — | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 82,791 | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | — | ​ | ​
Long-Term Disability Benefit ($) | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | — | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | — | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | — | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 25,000 | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | — | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | — | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | — | ​ | ​
Outplacement Benefits ($) | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | — | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 25,000 | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | — | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | — | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | — | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | — | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | — | ​ | ​
Accelerated Equity Awards ($) | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | — | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 71,464 | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | — | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 144,105 | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 144,105 | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 1,127,478 | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 1,127,478 | ​ | ​
Total ($) | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | — | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 1,756,774 | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | — | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 346,624 | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 321,624 | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 3,870,269 | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 1,127,478 | ​ | ​ 64 TABLE OF CONTENTS Lisa M. Bachmann The following table reflects the payments that would have been due to Ms. Bachmann in the event of a change in control and/or the termination of her employment with us on February 1, 2020. ​ | ​ | ​ | Event Occurring at February 1, 2020 | ​
​ | ​ | ​ | Voluntary Termination/ ​ For Cause ($) | ​ | ​ | Involuntary Termination without Cause ($) | ​ | ​ | Retirement ($) | ​ | ​ | Termination upon Disability ($) | ​ | ​ | Termination upon Death ($) | ​ | ​ | Termination in Connection with a Change in Control ($) | ​ | ​ | Change in Control (without termination) ($) | ​
Salary/Salary Continuation ($) | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | — | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 1,573,550 | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | — | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | — | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | — | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 1,573,550 | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | — | ​ | ​
Non-Equity Incentive Plan Compensation ($) | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | — | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 335,119 | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 335,119 | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 335,119 | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 335,119 | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 1,888,260 | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | — | ​ | ​
Healthcare Coverage ($) | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | — | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 59,314 | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | — | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | — | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | — | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 59,314 | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | — | ​ | ​
Long-Term Disability Benefit ($) | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | — | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | — | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | — | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 25,000 | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | — | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | — | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | — | ​ | ​
Outplacement Benefits ($) | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | — | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 25,000 | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | — | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | — | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | — | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | — | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | — | ​ | ​
Accelerated Equity Awards ($) | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | — | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 866,537 | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 1,779,732 | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 1,779,732 | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 1,779,732 | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 3,504,021 | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 3,504,021 | ​ | ​
Total ($) | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | — | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 2,859,520 | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 2,114,851 | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 2,139,851 | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 2,114,851 | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 7,025,145 | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 3,504,021 | ​ | ​ Michael A. Schlonsky The following table reflects the payments that would have been due to Mr. Schlonsky in the event of a change in control and/or the termination of his employment with us on February 1, 2020. ​ | ​ | ​ | Event Occurring at February 1, 2020 | ​
​ | ​ | ​ | Voluntary Termination/ ​ For Cause ($) | ​ | ​ | Involuntary Termination without Cause ($) | ​ | ​ | Retirement ($) | ​ | ​ | Termination upon Disability ($) | ​ | ​ | Termination upon Death ($) | ​ | ​ | Termination in Connection with a Change in Control ($) | ​ | ​ | Change in Control (without termination) ($) | ​
Salary/Salary Continuation ($) | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | — | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 1,027,200 | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | — | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | — | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | — | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 1,027,200 | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | — | ​ | ​
Non-Equity Incentive Plan Compensation ($) | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | — | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 218,763 | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | — | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 218,763 | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 218,763 | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 924,480 | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | — | ​ | ​
Healthcare Coverage ($) | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | — | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 82,791 | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | — | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | — | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | — | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 82,791 | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | — | ​ | ​
Long-Term Disability Benefit ($) | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | — | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | — | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | — | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 25,000 | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | — | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | — | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | — | ​ | ​
Outplacement Benefits ($) | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | — | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 25,000 | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | — | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | — | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | — | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | — | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | — | ​ | ​
Accelerated Equity Awards ($) | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | — | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 565,605 | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | — | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 1,161,720 | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 1,161,720 | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 2,287,373 | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 2,287,373 | ​ | ​
Total ($) | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | — | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 1,919,359 | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | — | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 1,405,483 | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 1,380,483 | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 4,321,844 | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 2,287,373 | ​ | ​ 65 TABLE OF CONTENTS ​ Ronald A. Robins, Jr. The following table reflects the payments that would have been due to Mr. Robins in the event of a change in control and/or the termination of his employment with us on February 1, 2020. ​ | ​ | ​ | Event Occurring at February 1, 2020 | ​
​ | ​ | ​ | Voluntary Termination/ ​ For Cause ($) | ​ | ​ | Involuntary Termination without Cause ($) | ​ | ​ | Retirement ($) | ​ | ​ | Termination upon Disability ($) | ​ | ​ | Termination upon Death ($) | ​ | ​ | Termination in Connection with a Change in Control ($) | ​ | ​ | Change in Control (without termination) ($) | ​
Salary/Salary Continuation ($) | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | — | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 1,000,000 | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | — | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | — | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | — | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 1,000,000 | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | — | ​ | ​
Non-Equity Incentive Plan Compensation ($) | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | — | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 212,970 | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | — | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 212,970 | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 212,970 | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 900,000 | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | — | ​ | ​
Healthcare Coverage ($) | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | — | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 82,791 | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | — | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | — | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | — | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 82,791 | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | — | ​ | ​
Long-Term Disability Benefit ($) | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | — | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | — | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | — | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 25,000 | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | — | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | — | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | — | ​ | ​
Outplacement Benefits ($) | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | — | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 25,000 | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | — | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | — | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | — | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | — | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | — | ​ | ​
Accelerated Equity Awards ($) | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | — | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 503,668 | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | — | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 1,008,564 | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 1,008,564 | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 1,991,728 | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 1,991,728 | ​ | ​
Total ($) | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | — | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 1,824,429 | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | — | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 1,246,534 | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 1,221,534 | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 3,974,519 | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 1,991,728 | ​ | ​ Timothy A. Johnson The following table reflects the payments due to Mr. Johnson following his termination of employment on September 27, 2019. ​ | ​ | ​ | Event Occurring at September 27, 2019 | ​
​ | ​ | ​ | Voluntary Termination/ ​ For Cause ($) | ​ | ​ | Involuntary Termination without Cause ($) | ​ | ​ | Retirement ($) | ​ | ​ | Termination upon Disability ($) | ​ | ​ | Termination upon Death ($) | ​ | ​ | Termination in Connection with a Change in Control ($) | ​ | ​ | Change in Control (without termination) ($) | ​
Salary/Salary Continuation ($) | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | — | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 1,232,650 | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | — | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | — | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | — | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | — | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | — | ​ | ​
Non-Equity Incentive Plan Compensation ($) | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | — | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 173,088 | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | — | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | — | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | — | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | — | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | — | ​ | ​
Healthcare Coverage ($) | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | — | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 82,791 | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | — | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | — | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | — | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | — | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | — | ​ | ​
Long-Term Disability Benefit ($) | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | — | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | — | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | — | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | — | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | — | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | — | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | — | ​ | ​
Outplacement Benefits ($) | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | — | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 25,000 | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | — | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | — | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | — | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | — | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | — | ​ | ​
Accelerated Equity Awards ($) | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | — | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 917,045 | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | — | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | — | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | — | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | — | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | — | ​ | ​
Total ($) | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | — | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 2,430,574 | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | — | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | — | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | — | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | — | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ PROPOSAL THREE: APPROVAL, ON AN ADVISORY BASIS, OF THE COMPENSATION OF OUR NAMED EXECUTIVE OFFICERS, AS DISCLOSED IN THIS PROXY STATEMENT PURSUANT TO ITEM 402 OF REGULATION S-K, INCLUDING THE CD&A, COMPENSATION TABLES AND THE NARRATIVE DISCUSSION ACCOMPANYING THE TABLES Section 14A of the Exchange Act requires that we provide our shareholders with the opportunity to vote to approve, on a nonbinding, advisory basis, the compensation of our named executive officers as disclosed in this Proxy Statement in accordance with the compensation disclosure rules of the SEC. The following summary of our executive compensation program describes our compensation philosophy and the key objectives identified by our Compensation Committee to implement our compensation philosophy. Our executive compensation program is designed to: (1) pay for superior results by rewarding executives for achieving short- and long-term performance goals and creating long-term shareholder value; (2) align 66 TABLE OF CONTENTS the interests of our executives with the interests of our shareholders through performance- and equity-based compensation; and (3) attract and retain talented executives by paying compensation that is competitive with the compensation paid by the companies in our peer group. We use a balanced mix of salary, annual cash incentive awards and equity awards to promote these objectives. For a more detailed discussion of how our executive compensation program promotes these objectives and our executive compensation philosophy, including information about the fiscal 2019 compensation of our named executive officers, we encourage you to read the CD&A as well as the Summary Compensation Table and other compensation tables in this Proxy Statement and the narrative discussion accompanying the tables. In fiscal 2019, we continued to focus on improving our financial and operating performance. Given the commitment of the Compensation Committee and other outside directors to a pay-for-performance philosophy and our focus on improving our financial and operating performance in fiscal 2019, the Compensation Committee and other outside directors structured a significant portion of the compensation awarded to our named executive officers for fiscal 2019 as “at risk” or “variable” and dependent on our performance and/or the value of our Common Shares, including: • Annual Cash Incentive Awards . Each named executive officer was eligible to receive a cash performance bonus based solely on our adjusted operating profit. The Compensation Committee and other outside directors selected adjusted operating profit as the sole financial measure because they believe it represents a key indicator of the strength of our operating results and financial condition and incentivizes the participants in our annual cash incentive award program to achieve strong earnings growth. The fiscal 2019 annual incentive awards were structured so that the target bonus would be earned only if we achieved the operating profit for fiscal 2019 projected in our annual corporate operating plan. Based on our adjusted operating profit in fiscal 2019, our named executive officers earn an annual incentive award between threshold and target for fiscal 2019. ​ • Performance Share Unit Awards . All of our named executive officers received a significant portion (60%) of their equity awards in the form of PSUs. The PSUs awarded to our named executive officers in fiscal 2019 will vest, if at all, after the completion of a three-year performance period based: (1) 50% on our average EPS performance, excluding plan-defined items, for each of the three service periods during the performance period; (2) 50% on our average ROIC performance, excluding plan-defined items, for each of the three service periods during the performance period; and (3) on the named executive officer’s continued employment through the end of the performance period. The Compensation Committee and other outside directors selected EPS and ROIC as the financial measures applicable to the PSUs to incentivize our named executive officers to achieve long-term financial results that we believe will create shareholder value. Based on EPS of $3.69 and ROIC of 17.49%, as adjusted, we achieved 99.2% of the targeted goal for EPS and 94.8% of the targeted goal for ROIC for the first service period of the performance period applicable to the PSUs awarded to our named executive officers in fiscal 2019. ​ • Restricted Stock Unit Awards . RSUs are primarily intended to align the interests of our named executive officers and our shareholders and help retain and motivate our named executive officers. The RSUs will vest ratably over three years from the grant date of the award if the participant remains employed by us through each annual vesting date and are subject to an operating profit performance component. ​ We request that our shareholders indicate their support for the compensation of our named executive officers as disclosed in this Proxy Statement pursuant to Item 402 of Regulation S-K by approving the following resolution: “RESOLVED, that the shareholders of Big Lots approve, on an advisory basis, the compensation of the named executive officers of Big Lots, as disclosed in Big Lots’ Proxy Statement for the 2020 Annual Meeting of Shareholders pursuant to Item 402 of Regulation S-K, including the Compensation Discussion and Analysis, compensation tables and the narrative discussion accompanying the tables.” The vote on the approval of the compensation of our named executive officers is advisory, which means that the vote is not binding on the Board, the Compensation Committee or us. If a majority of the votes are cast against the approval of the compensation of our named executive officers, the Board and the 67 TABLE OF CONTENTS Compensation Committee will evaluate whether to take any actions to address the concerns of the shareholders with respect to our executive compensation program. THE BOARD RECOMMENDS THAT YOU VOTE FOR THE APPROVAL OF THE COMPENSATION OF OUR NAMED EXECUTIVE OFFICERS, AS DISCLOSED IN THIS PROXY STATEMENT PURSUANT TO ITEM 402 OF REGULATION S-K, INCLUDING THE CD&A, COMPENSATION TABLES AND THE NARRATIVE DISCUSSION ACCOMPANYING THE TABLES. 2019 CEO PAY RATIO As required by Section 953(b) of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act and Item 402(u) of Regulation S-K, the Company is disclosing the following information about the relationship of the annual total compensation of our CEO and the median of the annual total compensation of our employees (other than the CEO) for our 2019 fiscal year: • The annual compensation of our CEO (Bruce K. Thorn) was $6,547,830. ​ • The annual total compensation of our median employee was $9,871. ​ • The ratio of the annual total compensation of our CEO to the annual total compensation of our median employee was 663 to 1. ​ We identified our median employee for our fiscal year 2019 pay ratio using the methodology and the following material assumptions and adjustments. To identify the median of the annual total compensation of our active employees as of February 1, 2020, including any full-time, part-time, temporary or seasonal employees but excluding our CEO, we used total wages from our payroll records as reported to the Internal Revenue Service on Form W-2 for 2019. In making this determination, we did not annualize compensation for any full-time or part-time permanent employees who were employed on February 1, 2020 but did not work for us the entire year or make any full-time equivalent adjustments for part-time employees. We consistently applied this compensation measure and methodology to all of our employees included in the calculation. We determined the annual total compensation for fiscal year 2019 of our median employee (who was calculated to be a part-time store associate) in the same manner that we determine the total compensation of our named executive officers for purposes of the Summary Compensation Table. With respect to the annual total compensation of our CEO for fiscal year 2019, we used the amount for fiscal 2019 reported in the “Total” column of the Summary Compensation Table. This information is being provided for compliance purposes. Neither the Compensation Committee nor management of the Company used the pay ratio measure in making compensation decisions. 68 TABLE OF CONTENTS ​ AUDIT COMMITTEE DISCLOSURE General Information The Audit Committee consists of five non-employee directors of the Board. The members of the Audit Committee have been reviewed by the Board and determined to be independent within the meaning of all applicable SEC regulations and NYSE listing standards. The charter of the Audit Committee states that the purpose of the Audit Committee is to assist the Board in its oversight of: • the integrity of our financial statements and financial reporting process, and our systems of internal accounting and financial controls; ​ • our compliance with legal and regulatory requirements, including our disclosure controls and procedures; ​ • the annual independent audit of our financial statements, the engagement of our independent registered public accounting firm, and the evaluation of the firm’s qualifications, independence and performance; ​ • the performance of our internal audit function; ​ • the evaluation of enterprise risk issues; and ​ • the fulfillment of other responsibilities set forth in its charter. ​ The full text of the Audit Committee’s charter is available in the Investor Relations section of our website (www.biglots.com) under the “Corporate Governance” caption. The Audit Committee regularly reviews its responsibilities as outlined in its charter, prepares an annual agenda that addresses all of its responsibilities and conducts a self-assessment and review of the charter annually. The Audit Committee believes it fulfilled its responsibilities under the charter in fiscal 2019. The Audit Committee schedules its meetings with a view towards ensuring that it devotes appropriate attention to all of its responsibilities. The Audit Committee’s meetings include, whenever appropriate, executive sessions with the independent registered public accounting firm, the Company’s Vice President, Internal Audit and our Chief Financial Officer, in each case without the presence of management. The Audit Committee also meets in executive session without the presence of anyone else, whenever appropriate. During fiscal 2019, our management completed an assessment of our system of internal control over financial reporting in accordance with the requirements set forth in Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and related regulations. The Audit Committee was apprised of the progress of the assessment and provided oversight and advice to management during the process. In connection with its oversight, the Audit Committee received periodic updates provided by management and the independent registered public accounting firm at each regularly scheduled Audit Committee meeting. The Audit Committee also reviewed the report of management contained in our Form 10-K, as well as the independent registered public accounting firm’s Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm included in our Form 10-K related to its audit of (1) our financial statements and (2) the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting. The Audit Committee continues to oversee efforts related to our system of internal control over financial reporting and management’s preparations for the assessment thereof in fiscal 2020. The Audit Committee has also reviewed key initiatives and programs aimed at strengthening the effectiveness of our internal and disclosure control structure. Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm The Audit Committee engaged Deloitte & Touche LLP as our independent registered public accounting firm to audit our financial statements for fiscal 2019. Deloitte & Touche LLP has served as our independent registered public accounting firm since October 1989. The Audit Committee annually selects and evaluates our independent registered public accounting firm and reviews the scope of and plans for the audit by the independent registered public accounting firm. Some of the factors the Audit Committee considers in its evaluation include the independent auditor’s qualifications, performance, independence and tenure. Based on 69 TABLE OF CONTENTS its evaluation and review, the Audit Committee believes that it is in the best interest of the Company to retain Deloitte & Touche LLP as our independent registered public accounting firm for fiscal 2020. Audit and Non-Audit Services Pre-Approval Policy Pursuant to the Audit Committee’s Audit and Non-Audit Services Pre-Approval Policy, all audit and non-audit services rendered by Deloitte & Touche LLP in fiscal 2019 and fiscal 2018, including the related fees, were pre-approved by the Audit Committee. Under the policy, the Audit Committee is required to pre-approve all audit and permissible non-audit services performed by the independent registered public accounting firm to assure that the provision of those services does not impair the firm’s independence. Pre-approval is detailed as to the particular service or category of service and is subject to a specific engagement authorization. The Audit Committee requires the independent registered public accounting firm and management to report on the actual fees incurred for each category of service at Audit Committee meetings throughout the year. During the year, it may become necessary to engage the independent registered public accounting firm for additional services that have not been pre-approved. In those instances, the Audit Committee requires specific pre-approval before engaging the independent registered public accounting firm. The Audit Committee may delegate pre-approval authority to one or more of its members for those instances when pre-approval is needed prior to a scheduled Audit Committee meeting. The member or members to whom pre-approval authority is delegated must report any pre-approval decisions to the Audit Committee at its next scheduled meeting. Fees Paid to Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm The fees billed to us for the professional services rendered by Deloitte & Touche LLP during the two most recently completed fiscal years were as follows: ($ in thousands) | ​ | ​ | Fiscal 2018 ($) | ​ | ​ | Fiscal 2019 ($) | ​
Audit Fees | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 1,400 | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 1,400 | ​ | ​
Audit-Related Fees (1) | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 125 | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 20 | ​ | ​
Tax Fees | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 40 | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 40 | ​ | ​
All Other Fees (2) | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 2 | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 2 | ​ | ​
Total Fees | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 1,567 | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 1,462 | ​ | ​ ​ (1) For fiscal 2018 and fiscal 2019, the audit-related fees principally related to implementation of new accounting standards and significant non-routine transactions. ​ ( 2 ) For fiscal 2018 and fiscal 2019, the other fees include fees related to online subscription fees for technical support. ​ 70 TABLE OF CONTENTS ​ ​ Audit Committee Report The Audit Committee has reviewed and discussed the audited financial statements for fiscal 2019 with management and the independent registered public accounting firm. The Audit Committee has discussed with the independent registered public accounting firm the matters required to be discussed by Auditing Standard No. 1301, as adopted by the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board. The Audit Committee has received the written communications from the independent registered public accounting firm required by applicable requirements of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board regarding the independent registered public accounting firm’s communications with the Audit Committee concerning independence, and has discussed with the independent registered public accounting firm its independence. Based on these reviews and discussions, the undersigned members of the Audit Committee recommended to the Board that the audited consolidated financial statements for fiscal 2019 be included in our Form 10-K for filing with the SEC. Members of the Audit Committee: Marla C. Gottschalk, Chair Sebastian J. DiGrande Cynthia T. Jamison Christopher J. McCormick Wendy L. Schoppert PROPOSAL FOUR: RATIFICATION OF THE APPOINTMENT OF DELOITTE & TOUCHE LLP AS OUR INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM FOR FISCAL 2020 At its March 3, 2020 meeting, the Audit Committee appointed Deloitte & Touche LLP as our independent registered public accounting firm for fiscal 2020, subject to our entry into a mutually agreed upon services contract with Deloitte & Touche LLP. The submission of this matter for approval by shareholders is not legally required; however, we believe that such submission is consistent with best practices in corporate governance and is another opportunity for shareholders to provide direct feedback on an important issue of our corporate governance. If the shareholders do not ratify the appointment of Deloitte & Touche LLP, the selection of such firm as our independent registered public accounting firm will be reconsidered by the Audit Committee. A representative of Deloitte & Touche LLP will be present at the Annual Meeting to respond to appropriate questions and to make a statement if so desired. THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS RECOMMENDS THAT YOU VOTE FOR THE PROPOSAL TO RATIFY THE APPOINTMENT OF DELOITTE & TOUCHE LLP AS OUR INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM FOR FISCAL 2020. SHAREHOLDER PROPOSALS Any proposals of shareholders that are intended to be presented at our 2021 annual meeting of shareholders must be received by our Corporate Secretary at our corporate offices on or before January 1, 2021 to be eligible for inclusion in our 2021 proxy statement and form of proxy. Such proposals must be submitted in accordance with Rule 14a-8 of the Exchange Act. If a shareholder intends to present a proposal at our 2021 annual meeting of shareholders without inclusion of that proposal in our 2021 proxy materials and written notice of the proposal is not received by our Corporate Secretary at our corporate offices on or before March 17, 2021, or if we meet other requirements of the SEC rules, proxies solicited by the Board for our 2021 annual meeting of shareholders will confer discretionary authority on the proxy holders named therein to vote on the proposal at the meeting. Our Amended Code of Regulations permits a shareholder, or a group of shareholders, who has continuously owned at least 3% of our outstanding common shares for at least 3 years, to nominate and include in our proxy statement candidates for the Board, subject to certain requirements. Each eligible shareholder, or group of shareholders that together is an eligible shareholder, may nominate candidates for director, up to a limit of 25% of the number of directors on the Board. Any nominee must meet the qualification standards set forth in our Amended Code of Regulations. Any such notice and nomination 71 TABLE OF CONTENTS ​ ​ materials must be delivered to, or mailed to and received by, our Corporate Secretary no earlier than 150 days and no later than 120 days before the anniversary of the date that the Company issued its proxy statement for the previous year’s annual meeting of shareholders; provided however, that if the date of the annual meeting has changed by more than 30 calendar days from the previous year, then the eligible shareholder must deliver the notice and nomination materials to our Corporate Secretary a reasonable time before we issue our proxy materials. Based on the anticipated one-year anniversary of the date that we issued our proxy statement for the 2020 annual meeting, an eligible shareholder wishing to nominate a candidate for election to the Board at the 2021 annual meeting must provide such notice no earlier than December 2, 2020 and no later than January 1, 2021. Any such notice and accompanying nomination materials must meet the requirements set forth in our Amended Code of Regulations, which is available in the Investor Relations section of our website (www.biglots.com) under the “Corporate Governance” caption. PROXY SOLICITATION COSTS This solicitation of proxies is made by and on behalf of the Board. In addition to mailing the paper copies of this Proxy Statement, the Notice of Annual Meeting of Shareholders, the Annual Report on Form 10-K and the proxy card to shareholders of record on the Record Date, the brokers and banks holding our Common Shares for beneficial holders must, at our expense, provide our proxy materials to persons for whom they hold our Common Shares in order that such Common Shares may be voted. Solicitation of proxies may also be made by our officers and regular employees personally or by telephone, mail or electronic mail. Officers and employees who assist with the solicitation will not receive any additional compensation. The cost of the solicitation will be borne by the Company. Innisfree M&A Incorporated is helping us solicit votes for a fee of $20,000, plus reimbursable expenses and customary charges. OTHER MATTERS As of the date of this Proxy Statement, we know of no business that will be presented for consideration at the Annual Meeting other than as referred to in Proposal One, Proposal Two, Proposal Three and Proposal Four above. If any other matter is properly brought before the Annual Meeting for action by shareholders, Common Shares represented by proxies returned to us and not revoked will be voted on such matter in accordance with the recommendations of the Board. By order of the Board of Directors, Ronald A. Robins, Jr. Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Corporate Secretary May 1, 2020 72 TABLE OF CONTENTS EXHIBIT A Big Lots 2020 Long-term Incentive Plan Effective June   , 2020 73 TABLE OF CONTENTS ​ Contents ​ | Article 1. Establishment, Purpose, and Duration ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 75 | ​ | ​
​ | Article 2. Definitions ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 75 | ​ | ​
​ | Article 3. Administration ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 79 | ​ | ​
​ | Article 4. Shares Subject to this Plan and Award Limitations ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 80 | ​ | ​
​ | Article 5. Eligibility and Participation ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 81 | ​ | ​
​ | Article 6. Options ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 81 | ​ | ​
​ | Article 7. Stock Appreciation Rights ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 83 | ​ | ​
​ | Article 8. Restricted Stock and Restricted Stock Units ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 84 | ​ | ​
​ | Article 9. Deferred Stock Units ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 85 | ​ | ​
​ | Article 10. Performance Shares, Performance Share Units, and Performance Units ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 86 | ​ | ​
​ | Article 11. Cash-Based Awards and Other Stock-Based Awards ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 89 | ​ | ​
​ | Article 12. Nonemployee Director Awards ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 89 | ​ | ​
​ | Article 13. Transferability of Awards ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 90 | ​ | ​
​ | Article 14. Impact of Termination of Employment or Service on Awards ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 90 | ​ | ​
​ | Article 15. Substitution Awards ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 91 | ​ | ​
​ | Article 16. Dividend-Equivalent Rights ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 91 | ​ | ​
​ | Article 17. Beneficiary Designation ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 91 | ​ | ​
​ | Article 18. Rights of Participants ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 91 | ​ | ​
​ | Article 19. Change in Control ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 92 | ​ | ​
​ | Article 20. Amendment, Modification, Suspension, and Termination ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 93 | ​ | ​
​ | Article 21. Withholding ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 94 | ​ | ​
​ | Article 22. Successors ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 94 | ​ | ​
​ | Article 23. General Provisions ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | ​ | 94 | ​ | ​ 74 TABLE OF CONTENTS ​ ​ Big Lots 2020 Long-Term Incentive Plan Article 1. Establishment, Purpose, and Duration 1.1 Establishment . Big Lots, Inc., an Ohio corporation (hereinafter referred to as the “Company”), establishes an incentive compensation plan to be known as the Big Lots 2020 Long-Term Incentive Plan (hereinafter referred to as the “Plan”), as set forth in this document. This Plan permits the grant of Nonqualified Stock Options, Incentive Stock Options, Stock Appreciation Rights, Restricted Stock, Restricted Stock Units, Deferred Stock Units, Performance Shares, Performance Share Units, Performance Units, Cash-Based Awards, and Other Stock-Based Awards. This Plan shall become effective upon shareholder approval (the “Effective Date”) and shall remain in effect as provided in Section 1.3 ( Establishment, Purposes, and Duration / Duration of this Plan ) hereof. 1.2 Purpose of this Plan . This Plan is intended to promote the Company’s long-term financial success by motivating performance through incentive compensation and to encourage Participants to acquire ownership interests in the Company. This Plan is also intended to provide a means whereby Employees, Directors, and Third Party Service Providers of the Company develop a sense of proprietorship and personal involvement in the development and financial success of the Company, and to encourage them to devote their best efforts to the business of the Company, thereby advancing the interests of the Company and its shareholders. A further purpose of this Plan is to provide a means through which the Company and its Affiliates may attract able individuals to become Employees or serve as Directors or Third Party Service Providers of the Company and its Affiliates and to provide a means whereby those individuals upon whom the responsibilities of the successful administration and management of the Company are of importance, can acquire and maintain stock ownership, thereby strengthening their concern for the welfare of the Company. 1.3 Duration of this Plan . Unless sooner terminated as provided herein, this Plan shall terminate ten (10) years from the Effective Date. After this Plan is terminated, no Awards may be granted but Awards previously granted shall remain outstanding in accordance with their applicable terms and conditions and this Plan’s terms and conditions. Notwithstanding the foregoing, no Incentive Stock Options may be granted more than ten (10) years after the earlier of (a) adoption of this Plan by the Board, or (b) the Effective Date. 1.4 No More Grants Under Prior Plan . After the Effective Date, no more grants will be made under the Prior Plan. Article 2. Definitions Whenever used in this Plan, the following terms shall have the meanings set forth below, and when the meaning is intended, the initial letter of the word shall be capitalized. 2.1 “Affiliate” shall mean (a) in the case of an ISO, a “parent corporation” or a “subsidiary corporation” of the Company, as those terms are defined in Code Sections 424(e) and (f), respectively; and (b) in all other cases, any other entity regardless of its form (including, but not limited to, a partnership or a limited liability company) that directly or indirectly controls, is controlled by or is under common control with, the Company within the meaning of Code Section 414(b), as modified by Code Section 409A. 2.2 “Annual Award Limit” or “Annual Award Limits” have the meaning set forth in Section 4.3 ( Shares Subject to this Plan and Award Limitations/Annual Award Limits ). 2.3 “Award” means, individually or collectively, a grant under this Plan of Nonqualified Stock Options, Incentive Stock Options, Stock Appreciation Rights, Restricted Stock, Restricted Stock Units, Deferred Stock Units, Performance Shares, Performance Share Units, Performance Units, Cash-Based Awards, or Other Stock-Based Awards, in each case subject to the terms of this Plan. At the Committee’s discretion, an Award may be granted as a Qualified Performance-Based Award. 2.4 “Award Agreement” means either (a) a written or electronic agreement entered into by the Company and a Participant setting forth the terms and provisions applicable to an Award granted under 75 TABLE OF CONTENTS this Plan, or (b) a written or electronic statement issued by the Company to a Participant describing the terms and provisions of such Award, including any amendment or modification thereof. The Committee may provide for the use of electronic, internet or other non-paper Award Agreements, and the use of electronic, internet or other non-paper means for the acceptance thereof and actions thereunder by a Participant. 2.5 “Beneficial Owner” or “Beneficial Ownership” shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Rule 13d-3 of the General Rules and Regulations under the Exchange Act. 2.6 “Board” or “Board of Directors” means the Board of Directors of the Company. 2.7 “Cash-Based Award” means an Award, denominated in cash, granted to a Participant as described in Article 11 ( Cash-Based Awards and Other Stock-Based Awards ). 2.8 “Change in Control” means any one or more of the following events: (a) Any person or group (as defined for purposes of Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act) becomes the beneficial owner, directly or indirectly, of 20 percent or more of the outstanding equity securities of the Company entitled to vote for the election of directors; (b) A majority of the members of the Board of Directors then in office is replaced within any period of two years or less by directors not nominated and approved by a majority of the directors in office at the beginning of such period (or their successors so nominated and approved), or a majority of the Board of Directors at any date consists of persons not so nominated and approved; or (c) The consummation of a merger or consolidation with another entity or the sale or other disposition of all or substantially all of the Company’s assets (including, without limitation, a plan of liquidation), which has been approved by shareholders of the Company. Provided, however, the other provisions of this Section 2.8 ( Definitions/Change in Control ) notwithstanding, the term “Change in Control” shall not mean any merger, consolidation, reorganization, or other transaction in which the Company exchanges or offers to exchange newly-issued or treasury Common Shares representing 20 percent or more, but less than 50 percent, of the outstanding equity securities of the Company entitled to vote for the election of directors, for 51 percent or more of the outstanding equity securities entitled to vote for the election of at least the majority of the directors of a corporation other than the Company or an Affiliate (the “Acquired Corporation”), or for all or substantially all of the assets of the Acquired Corporation. Provided further, if a Change in Control constitutes a payment event with respect to any Award that provides for the deferral of compensation and is subject to Code Section 409A, payments to be made upon a Change in Control shall only be made upon a “change in control event” within the meaning of Code Section 409A. 2.9 “Code” means the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended from time to time. For purposes of this Plan, references to sections of the Code shall be deemed to include references to any applicable rules, regulations, and authoritative interpretations thereunder and any successor or similar provision. 2.10 “Committee” means the Compensation Committee of the Board or such other committee to which the Board assigns the responsibility of administering this Plan. The Committee shall consist of at least three members of the Board, each of whom may serve on the Committee only if the Board determines that he or she (a) is a “Non-employee Director” for purposes of Rule 16b-3 under the Exchange Act, (b) satisfies the requirements of an “outside director” as historically defined for purposes of Code Section 162(m), and (c) qualifies as “independent” in accordance with applicable stock exchange listing standards. The members of the Committee shall be appointed from time to time by and shall serve at the discretion of the Board. If the Committee does not exist or cannot function for any reason, the members of the Board that each satisfy the requirements of an “outside director” as historically defined for purposes of Code Section 162(m) may take any action under the Plan that would otherwise be the responsibility of the Committee. 76 TABLE OF CONTENTS 2.11 “Company” means Big Lots, Inc., an Ohio corporation, and any successor thereto as provided in Article 23 ( Successors ) herein. 2.12 “Deferred Annual Amount” has the meaning set forth in Section 9.1 ( Deferred Stock Units/In General ). 2.13 “Deferred Stock Unit” means a Participant’s contractual right to receive a stated number of Shares or, if provided by the Committee on the Grant Date, cash equal to the Fair Market Value of such Shares, under the Plan at the end of a specified period of time or upon the occurrence of a specified event, as further described in Section 9.1 ( Deferred Stock Units/In General ). 2.14 “Deferral Election Form” has the meaning set forth in Section 9.1 ( Deferred Stock Units/In General ). 2.15 “Director” means any individual who is a member of the Board of Directors of the Company or the board of directors of any Affiliate of the Company. 2.16 “Disability” means: (a) With respect to ISOs, as that term is defined in Code Section 22(e)(3); (b) If Disability constitutes a payment event with respect to any Award that is subject to Code Section 409A, Disability shall mean, unless the Committee determines otherwise in accordance with Code Section 409A, that the Participant is (i) unable to engage in any substantial gainful activity by reason of any medically determinable physical or mental impairment which can be expected to result in death or can be expected to last for a continuous period of not less than twelve (12) months, (ii) by reason of any readily determinable physical or mental impairment which can be expected to result in death or can be expected to last for a continuous period of not less than twelve (12) months, receiving income replacement benefits for a period of at least three (3) months under an accident and health plan covering employees of the Participant’s employer, or (iii) determined to be totally disabled by the Social Security Administration or the Railroad Retirement Board; and (c) Unless the Committee determines otherwise, with respect to any other Award, a physical or mental condition that, for more than six (6) consecutive months, renders the Participant incapable, with reasonable accommodation, of performing his or her assigned duties on a full-time basis. 2.17 “Dividend-Equivalent Right” means the right to receive an amount, calculated with respect to a Full Value Award, which is determined by multiplying the number of Shares subject to the applicable Award by the per-Share cash dividend, or the per-Share Fair Market Value (as determined by the Committee) of any dividend in consideration other than cash, paid by the Company on Shares. 2.18 “Effective Date” has the meaning set forth in Section 1.1 ( Establishment, Purpose, and Duration/ ​ Establishment ). 2.19 “Elective Deferred Stock Units” has the meaning set forth in Section 9.1 ( Deferred Stock Units/In General ). 2.20 “Eligible Individual” means an individual who is an Employee, Director, and/or Third Party Service Provider. 2.21 “Employee” means any employee of the Company or any of its Affiliates. 2.22 “Exchange Act” means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended from time to time, or any successor act thereto. 2.23 “Exercise Price” means the price at which a Share may be purchased by a Participant pursuant to an Option. 2.24 “Fair Market Value” or “FMV” means a price that is equal to the opening, closing, actual, high, low, or average selling prices of a Share reported on the New York Stock Exchange (“NYSE”) or other established stock exchange (or exchanges) on the applicable date, the preceding trading day, the next succeeding 77 TABLE OF CONTENTS trading day, or an average of trading days, as determined by the Committee and, to the extent applicable, in a manner consistent with Code Section 409A. Unless the Committee determines otherwise, Fair Market Value shall be deemed to be equal to the closing price per Share reported on a consolidated basis for securities listed on the principal stock exchange or market on which Shares are traded on the day as of which such Fair Market Value is being determined or, if there is no closing price on that day, then the closing price on the last previous day on which a closing price was reported. . In the event Shares are not publicly traded at the time a determination of their value is required to be made hereunder, the determination of their Fair Market Value shall be made by the Committee in such manner as it deems appropriate taking into account all information material to the value of the Company within the meaning of Code Section 409A. 2.25 “Full Value Award” means an Award other than an ISO, NQSO, or SAR, which is settled by the issuance of Shares or their cash equivalent. 2.26 “Grant Date” means the later of (a) the date the Committee establishes the terms of an Award, or (b) any later date specified in the Award Agreement. In no event may the Grant Date be earlier than the Effective Date. 2.27 “Grant Price” means the price established at the time of grant of an SAR pursuant to Article 7 ( Stock Appreciation Rights ), used to determine whether there is any payment due upon exercise of the SAR. 2.28 “Incentive Stock Option” or “ISO” means an Option to purchase Shares granted under Article 6 ( Options ) to an Employee and that is designated as an Incentive Stock Option and that meets the rules and requirements of Code Section 422, or any successor provision. 2.29 “Nonemployee Director” means a Director who is not an Employee. 2.30 “Nonemployee Director Award” means any Award granted to a Nonemployee Director as described in Article 12 ( Nonemployee Director Awards ). 2.31 “Nonqualified Stock Option” or “NQSO” means an Option that is not intended to meet the requirements of Code Section 422, or that otherwise does not meet such requirements. 2.32 “Option” means an Incentive Stock Option or a Nonqualified Stock Option, as described in Article 6 ( Options ). 2.33 “Other Stock-Based Award” means an equity-based or equity-related Award not otherwise described by the terms of this Plan, granted pursuant to Article 11 ( Cash-Based Awards and Other Stock-Based Awards ). 2.34 “Participant” means any Eligible Individual as set forth in Article 5 ( Eligibility and Participation ) to whom an Award is granted. 2.35 “Performance Period” means the period of time during which the performance goals must be met in order to determine the degree of payout and/or vesting with respect to an Award. 2.36 “Performance Share” means a grant of a stated number of Shares to a Participant under the Plan that is forfeitable by the Participant until the attainment of specified performance goals, or until otherwise determined by the Committee or in accordance with the Plan, subject to the continuous employment of the Participant through the applicable Performance Period. 2.37 “Performance Share Unit” means a Participant’s contractual right to receive a stated number of Shares or, if provided by the Committee on or after the Grant Date, cash equal to the Fair Market Value of such Shares, under the Plan at a specified time that is forfeitable by the Participant until the attainment of specified performance goals, or until otherwise determined by the Committee or in accordance with the Plan, subject to the continuous employment of the Participant through the applicable Performance Period. 2.38 “Performance Unit” means a Participant’s contractual right to receive a cash-denominated award, payable in cash or Shares, under the Plan at a specified time that is forfeitable by the Participant until the attainment of specified performance goals, or until otherwise determined by the Committee or in accordance with the Plan, subject to the continuous employment of the Participant through the applicable Performance Period. 78 TABLE OF CONTENTS ​ 2.39 “Person” shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3(a)(9) of the Exchange Act and used in Sections 13(d) and 14(d) thereof, including a “group” as defined in Section 13(d) thereof. 2.40 “Plan” means the Big Lots 2020 Long-Term Incentive Plan. 2.41 “Plan Year” means the Company’s fiscal year . 2.42 “Prior Plan” means the Big Lots 2012 Long-Term Incentive Plan, as amended and restated, effective May 29, 2014 and the Big Lots 2017 Long-Term Incentive Plan, effective May 25, 2017. 2.43 “Restricted Stock ” means an Award granted to a Participant pursuant to Article 8 ( Restricted Stock and Restricted Stock Units ). 2.44 “Restricted Stock Unit” means an Award granted to a Participant pursuant to Article 8 ( Restricted Stock and Restricted Stock Units ), except no Shares are actually awarded to the Participant on the Grant Date. 2.45 “Restriction Period” means the period when Restricted Stock, Restricted Stock Units, Deferred Stock Units and/or Other Stock-Based Awards are subject to a substantial risk of forfeiture (based on the passage of time, the achievement of performance goals, or upon the occurrence of other events as determined by the Committee, in its discretion). 2.46 “Share” means a common share of the Company, par value $.01 per share (as such par value may be amended from time to time), whether presently or hereafter issued, and any other stock or security resulting from adjustment thereof as described hereinafter, or a share of common stock of any successor pursuant to Article 22 ( Successors ). 2.47 “Share Authorization” has the meaning set forth in Section 4.1(a) ( Shares Subject to this Plan and Award Limitations/Share Authorization ). 2.48 “Stock Appreciation Right” or “ SAR ” means an Award, designated as an SAR, pursuant to the terms of Article 7 ( Stock Appreciation Rights) herein. 2.49 “Termination of Employment or Service” means the occurrence of any act or event that causes a Participant to cease being an employee of the Company and any Affiliate, including, without limitation, death, Disability, dismissal, severance at the election of the Participant, or severance as a result of the discontinuance, liquidation, sale, or transfer by the Company or its Affiliates of a business owned or operated by the Company or any Affiliate. With respect to any Participant who is not an employee of the Company or any Affiliate, the Award Agreement shall establish what act or event shall constitute a Termination of Employment or Service for purposes of this Plan. A Termination of Employment or Service shall occur with respect to a Participant who is employed by an Affiliate if the Affiliate shall cease to be an Affiliate and the Participant shall not immediately thereafter become an employee of the Company or an Affiliate. Notwithstanding the foregoing, as described in Section 14.4 ( Impact of Termination of Employment or Service on Awards/Change in Participant Status ), no Termination of Employment or Service shall occur if the Participant continues to be an Employee, Director, or Third Party Service Provider after such termination. Provided, however, if a Termination of Employment or Service constitutes a payment event with respect to any Award that provides for the deferral of compensation and is subject to Code Section 409A, payments to be made upon a Termination of Employment or Service shall only be made upon a “separation from service” within the meaning of Code Section 409A. 2.50 “Third Party Service Provider” means any consultant, agent, advisor, or independent contractor who renders services to the Company or an Affiliate pursuant to a written agreement that (a) are not in connection with the offer and sale of the Company’s securities in a capital raising transaction, and (b) do not directly or indirectly promote or maintain a market for the Company’s securities. Article 3. Administration 3.1 General . The Committee shall be responsible for administering this Plan, subject to this Article 3 ( Administration ) and the other provisions of this Plan. The Committee may employ attorneys, consultants, accountants, agents, and other individuals, any of whom may be an Employee, and the Committee, the Company, and its officers and Directors shall be entitled to rely upon the advice, opinions, 79 TABLE OF CONTENTS ​ or valuations of any such individuals. All actions taken and all interpretations and determinations made by the Committee shall be final and binding upon the Participants, the Company, and all other interested individuals. 3.2 Authority of the Committee . The Committee shall have full and exclusive discretionary power to interpret the terms and the intent of this Plan and any Award Agreement or other agreement or document ancillary to or in connection with this Plan, to determine eligibility for Awards and to adopt such rules, regulations, forms, instruments, and guidelines for administering this Plan as the Committee may deem necessary or proper. Such authority shall include, but not be limited to, (a) selecting Participants, (b) establishing all Award terms and conditions, including the terms and conditions set forth in Award Agreements and any ancillary document or materials, (c) granting Awards as an alternative to or as the form of payment for grants or rights earned or due under compensation plans or arrangements of the Company, (d) construing any ambiguous provision of the Plan or any Award Agreement, (e) establishing performance goals and certifying satisfaction of performance goals, (f) subject to Article 20 ( Amendment, Modification, Suspension, and Termination ), adopting modifications and amendments to this Plan or any Award Agreement, including without limitation, any that are necessary to comply with the laws of the countries and other jurisdictions in which the Company or its Affiliates operate, and (g) making any other determination and taking any other action that it deems necessary or desirable for the administration or operation of the Plan and/or any Award Agreement. 3.3 Delegation . The Committee may delegate to one or more of its members or to one or more officers of the Company or its Affiliates or to one or more agents or advisors such administrative duties or powers as it may deem advisable, and the Committee or any individuals to whom it has delegated duties or powers as aforesaid may employ one or more individuals to render advice with respect to any responsibility the Committee or such individuals may have under this Plan. Subject to applicable law, the Committee may authorize one or more officers of the Company to do one or more of the following on the same basis as can the Committee: (a) designate Employees to be recipients of Awards, (b) designate Third Party Service Providers to be recipients of Awards, and (c) determine the size of and make any such Awards; provided, however, (i) the Committee shall not delegate such responsibilities to any such officer for Awards granted to a Nonemployee Director or an Employee who is considered an executive officer, as determined by the Board in accordance with Section 16 of the Exchange Act, and (ii) the officer(s) shall report periodically to the Committee regarding the nature and scope of the Awards granted pursuant to the authority delegated. Article 4. Shares Subject to this Plan and Award Limitations 4.1 Number of Shares Available for Awards . (a) Share Authorization . Subject to adjustment as provided in Section 4.4 ( Shares Subject to this Plan and Award Limitations/Adjustments in Authorized Shares ) herein, the maximum number of Shares available for grant to Participants under this Plan (the “Share Authorization”) shall be: (i) 3,600,000 Shares, plus ​ (ii) any Shares subject to the 1,360,943 outstanding full value awards as of February 1, 2020 that on or after February 1, 2020 cease for any reason to be subject to such awards (other than by reason of exercise or settlement of the awards to the extent they are exercised for or settled in vested and nonforfeitable Shares). ​ (b) Limits on ISOs . The maximum number of Shares of the Share Authorization that may be issued pursuant to the exercise of ISOs granted under this Plan shall be 3,600,000 Shares. 4.2 Share Usage . Subject to the terms of this Plan, Shares covered by an Award shall only be counted as used to the extent they are actually issued. Any Shares related to Awards issued under the Plan on or after the Effective Date or under the Prior Plan before the Effective Date which (a) terminate by expiration, forfeiture, cancellation, or otherwise without the issuance of such Shares, (b) are settled in cash in lieu of Shares, or (c) are exchanged with the Committee’s permission prior to the issuance of Shares for Awards not involving Shares, shall be available again for grant under this Plan. Shares that are withheld from an Award of Restricted Stock, Restricted Stock Units, or Performance Share Units to satisfy tax withholding obligations related to that Award shall be deemed to constitute Shares that are not issued under 80 TABLE OF CONTENTS ​ ​ this Plan. Shares which are (i) not issued or delivered as a result of the net settlement of an Option or Share-settled SAR, (ii) withheld to satisfy tax withholding obligations on an Option or SAR issued under the Plan, (iii) tendered to pay the Exercise Price of an Option or the Grant Price of a Stock Appreciation Right under the Plan, or (iv) repurchased on the open market with the proceeds of an Option exercise will no longer be eligible to be again available for grant under this Plan. To the extent permitted by applicable law or stock exchange rule, Shares issued in assumption of, or in substitution for, any outstanding awards of any entity acquired in any form of combination by the Company or any Affiliate shall not be counted against Shares available for grant pursuant to the Plan. The Shares available for issuance under this Plan may be authorized and unissued Shares or treasury Shares. 4.3 Adjustments in Authorized Shares . In the event of any corporate event or transaction (including, but not limited to, a change in the Shares of the Company or the capitalization of the Company) such as a merger, consolidation, reorganization, recapitalization, separation, partial or complete liquidation, stock dividend, special cash dividend, stock split, reverse stock split, split up, spin-off, or other distribution of stock or property of the Company, combination of Shares, exchange of Shares, dividend in kind, or other like change in capital structure, number of outstanding Shares or distribution (other than normal cash dividends) to shareholders of the Company, or any similar corporate event or transaction, the Committee, in order to prevent dilution or enlargement of Participants’ rights under this Plan, shall substitute or adjust, as applicable, (i) the number and kind of Shares that may be issued under this Plan or under particular forms of Awards, (ii) the number and kind of Shares subject to outstanding Awards, (iii) the Exercise Price or Grant Price applicable to outstanding Awards, (iv) the Annual Award Limits, and (v) other value determinations applicable to outstanding Awards. Any such adjustment shall be done in a manner consistent with Code Section 409A and, where applicable, Code Section 424. The Committee may also make appropriate adjustments in the terms of any Awards under this Plan to reflect such changes or distributions, including modifications of performance goals and changes in the length of Performance Periods as the Committee otherwise determines. The determination of the Committee as to the foregoing adjustments, if any, shall be at the discretion of the Committee and shall be conclusive and binding on Participants under this Plan. Subject to the provisions of Article 20 ( Amendment, Modification, Suspension, and Termination ) and notwithstanding anything else herein to the contrary, without affecting the number of Shares reserved or available hereunder, the Committee may authorize the issuance or assumption of benefits under this Plan in connection with any merger, consolidation, acquisition of property or stock, or reorganization upon such terms and conditions as it may deem appropriate (including, but not limited to, a conversion of equity awards into Awards under this Plan), subject to compliance with the rules under Code Sections 409A, 422 and 424, to the extent applicable. Article 5. Eligibility and Participation 5.1 Eligibility . Individuals eligible to participate in this Plan include all Employees, Directors, and Third Party Service Providers. 5.2 Actual Participation . Subject to the provisions of this Plan, the Committee may, from time to time, select from the Eligible Individuals, those individuals to whom Awards shall be granted. Awards need not be uniform as among Participants. 5.3 Conditions of Participation . By accepting an Award, each Participant agrees in his or her own behalf and in behalf of his or her beneficiaries (1) to be bound by the terms of the Award Agreement and the Plan and (2) that the Committee (or the Board) may amend the Plan and the Award Agreement pursuant to Article 21 ( Amendment, Modification, Suspension, and Termination ). Article 6. Options 6.1 Grant of Options . Subject to the terms and provisions of this Plan, Options may be granted to Eligible Individuals in such number, and upon such terms, and at any time and from time to time as shall be determined by the Committee; provided that ISOs may be granted only to Employees of the Company or of any parent or subsidiary corporation (as permitted under Code Sections 422 and 424). However, unless legitimate business criteria exist (within the meaning of Treas. Reg. Section 1.409A-1(b)(5)(iii)(E)(1)), an 81 TABLE OF CONTENTS Eligible Individual may only be granted Options to the extent that such individual provides services to the Company or an Affiliate of the Company that is part of the Company’s controlled group for purposes of Code Section 409A. 6.2 Option Award Agreement . Each Option grant shall be evidenced by an Award Agreement that shall specify the Exercise Price, the term of the Option, the number of Shares to which the Option pertains, the conditions upon which an Option shall become vested and exercisable, and such other provisions as the Committee shall determine which are not inconsistent with the terms of this Plan. The Award Agreement also shall specify whether the Option is intended to be an ISO or a NQSO. 6.3 Exercise Price . The Exercise Price for each grant of an Option shall be determined by the Committee and shall be specified in the Award Agreement; provided, however, the Exercise Price must be at least equal to (a) one hundred percent (100%) of the FMV of the Shares as determined on the Grant Date, or (b) one hundred ten percent (110%) of the FMV of the Shares as determined on the Grant Date in the case of an ISO granted to an individual who owns or who is deemed to own shares possessing more than ten percent (10%) of the total combined voting power of all classes of shares of the Company or any Affiliate, as determined under Code Section 422. 6.4 Term of Options . Each Option granted to a Participant shall expire at such time as the Committee shall determine at the time of grant; provided, however, no Option shall be exercisable later than the tenth (10 th ) anniversary date of the Grant Date. 6.5 Exercise of Options . Options granted under this Article 6 ( Options ) shall be exercisable at such times and be subject to such restrictions and conditions as the Committee shall in each instance approve, which terms and restrictions need not be the same for each grant or for each Participant. Options granted under this Article 6 ( Options ) shall be exercised by the delivery of a notice of exercise to the Company or an agent designated by the Company in a form specified or accepted by the Committee (setting forth the number of Shares with respect to which the Option is to be exercised, accompanied by full payment for the Shares), or by complying with any alternative exercise procedure(s) the Committee may authorize. 6.6 Payment . A condition of the issuance of the Shares as to which an Option shall be exercised shall be the payment of the Exercise Price. The Exercise Price of any Option shall be payable to the Company in full either: (a) in cash; (b) by tendering (either by actual delivery or attestation) previously acquired Shares having an aggregate Fair Market Value at the time of exercise equal to the Exercise Price; (c) by a cashless (broker-assisted) exercise; (d) by a combination of (a), (b) and/or (c); or (e) any other method approved or accepted by the Committee in its sole discretion. Subject to any governing rules or regulations, as soon as practicable after receipt of written notification of exercise and full payment (including satisfaction of any applicable tax withholding), the Company shall deliver to the Participant evidence of book entry Shares or Share certificates in an appropriate amount based upon the number of Shares purchased under the Option(s). Unless otherwise determined by the Committee, all payments under all of the methods indicated above shall be paid in United States dollars. 6.7 Minimum Vesting Conditions . All Option Awards shall have a minimum vesting period of one year from the date of its grant with no vesting prior to the first anniversary of the grant date (or 50 weeks for an Option granted to a Nonemployee Director at the regular annual meeting of shareholders that vests at the next regular annual meeting of shareholders); except that this minimum vesting condition need not apply (i) in the case of the death, disability or Retirement of the Participant or termination of employment of a Participant in connection with a Change of Control, and (ii) with respect to up to an aggregate of 5% of the shares of Stock authorized under the Plan, which may be granted (or regranted upon forfeiture) in any form permitted under the Plan without regard to such minimum vesting requirements. 6.8 Other Conditions and Restrictions . The Committee may impose such other conditions and/or restrictions on any Shares acquired pursuant to the exercise of an Option granted under this Article 6 ( Options ) as it may deem advisable or desirable. Such conditions and restrictions may include, but shall not 82 TABLE OF CONTENTS ​ be limited to, minimum holding period requirements, restrictions under applicable federal securities laws, under the requirements of any stock exchange or market upon which such Shares are then listed and/or traded, or under any blue sky or state securities laws applicable to such Shares. 6.9 Notification of Disqualifying Disposition . If any Participant shall make any disposition of Shares issued pursuant to the exercise of an ISO under the circumstances described in Code Section 421(b) (relating to certain disqualifying dispositions), such Participant shall notify the Company of such disposition within ten (10) days thereof. Article 7. Stock Appreciation Rights 7.1 Grant of SARs . Subject to the terms and conditions of this Plan, SARs may be granted to Eligible Individuals in such number, and upon such terms, and at any time and from time to time as shall be determined by the Committee. However, unless legitimate business criteria exist (within the meaning of Treas. Reg. Section 1.409A-1(b)(5)(iii)(E)(1)), an Eligible Individual may only be granted SARs to the extent that such individual provides services to the Company or an Affiliate of the Company that is part of the Company’s controlled group for purposes of Code Section 409A. 7.2 SAR Award Agreement . Each SAR Award shall be evidenced by an Award Agreement that shall specify the Grant Price, the term of the SAR, and such other provisions as the Committee shall determine which are not inconsistent with the terms of this Plan. 7.3 Grant Price . The Grant Price for each grant of an SAR shall be determined by the Committee and shall be specified in the Award Agreement; provided, however, the Grant Price must be at least equal to one hundred percent (100%) of the FMV of the Shares as determined on the Grant Date. 7.4 Term of SAR . Each SAR granted to a Participant shall expire at such time as the Committee shall determine at the time of grant; provided, however, no SAR shall be exercisable later than the tenth (10 th ) anniversary date of the Grant Date. 7.5 Exercise of SARs . SARs may be exercised upon whatever terms and conditions the Committee, in its sole discretion, imposes. 7.6 Settlement of SARs . Upon the exercise of a SAR, a Participant shall be entitled to receive payment from the Company in an amount determined by multiplying: (a) The excess of the Fair Market Value of a Share on the date of exercise over the Grant Price; by ​ (b) The number of Shares with respect to which the SAR is exercised. ​ At the discretion of the Committee, the payment upon SAR exercise may be in cash, Shares, or any combination thereof, or in any other manner approved by the Committee in its sole discretion. The Committee’s determination regarding the form of SAR payout shall be set forth in the Award Agreement pertaining to the grant of the SAR. 7.7 Minimum Vesting Conditions . All SAR Awards shall have a minimum vesting period of one year from the date of its grant with no vesting prior to the first anniversary of the grant date (or 50 weeks for a SAR granted to a Nonemployee Director at the regular annual meeting of shareholders that vests at the next regular annual meeting of shareholders); except that this minimum vesting condition need not apply (i) in the case of the death, disability or Retirement of the Participant or termination of employment of a Participant in connection with a Change of Control, and (ii) with respect to up to an aggregate of 5% of the shares of Stock authorized under the Plan, which may be granted (or regranted upon forfeiture) in any form permitted under the Plan without regard to such minimum vesting requirements. 7.8 Other Conditions and Restrictions . The Committee may impose such other conditions and/or restrictions on any Shares received upon exercise of an SAR granted pursuant to this Plan as it may deem advisable or desirable. Such conditions and restrictions may include, but shall not be limited to, a requirement that the Participant hold the Shares received upon exercise of an SAR for a specified period of time. 83 TABLE OF CONTENTS ​ Article 8. Restricted Stock and Restricted Stock Units 8.1 Grant of Restricted Stock or Restricted Stock Units . Subject to the terms and provisions of this Plan, the Committee, at any time and from time to time, may grant Shares of Restricted Stock and/or Restricted Stock Units to Eligible Individuals in such amounts as the Committee shall determine. Restricted Stock Units shall be similar to Restricted Stock except that no Shares are actually awarded to the Eligible Individual on the Grant Date. 8.2 Restricted Stock or Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement . Each Award of Restricted Stock and/or Restricted Stock Unit shall be evidenced by an Award Agreement that shall specify the Restriction Period, the number of Shares of Restricted Stock or the number of Restricted Stock Units granted, and such other provisions as the Committee shall determine which are not inconsistent with the terms of this Plan. 8.3 Other Conditions and Restrictions . The Committee may impose such other conditions and/or restrictions on any Shares of Restricted Stock or Restricted Stock Units granted pursuant to this Plan as it may deem advisable or desirable. Such conditions and restrictions may include, but shall not be limited to, without limitation, a requirement that the Participant pay a stipulated purchase price for each Share of Restricted Stock or each Restricted Stock Unit, restrictions based upon the achievement of specific performance goals, acceleration of a Restriction Period based on the achievement of performance goals, time-based restrictions on vesting following the attainment of the performance goals, time-based restrictions, and/or restrictions under applicable laws or under the requirements of any stock exchange or market upon which such Shares are listed or traded, or holding requirements or sale restrictions placed on the Shares by the Company upon vesting of such Restricted Stock or Restricted Stock Units. An Award of Shares of Restricted Stock or Restricted Stock Units shall have a minimum vesting period of one year from the date of its grant with no vesting prior to the first anniversary of the grant date (or 50 weeks for an Award granted to a Nonemployee Director at the regular annual meeting of shareholders that vests at the next regular annual meeting of shareholders); except that this minimum vesting condition need not apply (i) in the case of the death, disability or Retirement of the Participant or termination of employment of a Participant in connection with a Change of Control, and (ii) with respect to up to an aggregate of 5% of the shares of Stock authorized under the Plan, which may be granted (or regranted upon forfeiture) in any form permitted under the Plan without regard to such minimum vesting requirements. To the extent deemed appropriate by the Committee, the Company may retain the certificates representing Shares of Restricted Stock in the Company’s possession until such time as all conditions and/or restrictions applicable to such Shares have been satisfied or lapse. Except as otherwise provided in this Article 8 ( Restricted Stock and Restricted Stock Units ), Shares of Restricted Stock covered by each Restricted Stock Award shall become freely transferable by the Participant after all conditions and restrictions applicable to such Shares have been satisfied or lapse (including satisfaction of any applicable tax withholding obligations), and Restricted Stock Units shall be settled in cash, Shares, or a combination of cash and Shares as the Committee, in its sole discretion shall determine. 8.4 Certificate Legend . In addition to any legends placed on certificates pursuant to Section 8.3 ( Restricted Stock and Restricted Stock Units/Other Conditions and Restrictions ), each certificate representing Shares of Restricted Stock granted pursuant to this Plan may bear a legend such as the following or as otherwise determined by the Committee in its sole discretion: “The sale or transfer of Shares of stock represented by this certificate, whether voluntary, involuntary, or by operation of law, is subject to certain restrictions on transfer as set forth in the Big Lots 2020 Long-Term Incentive Plan, and in the associated Award Agreement. A copy of this Plan and such Award Agreement may be obtained from Big Lots, Inc.” 8.5 Rights . Unless otherwise determined by the Committee and set forth in a Participant’s Award Agreement, to the extent permitted or required by law, as determined by the Committee, Participants holding Shares of Restricted Stock granted hereunder shall have the right to exercise full voting rights with respect to those Shares during the Period of Restriction. Unless otherwise determined by the Committee and set forth in a Participant’s Award Agreement, a Participant receiving a Restricted Stock Award will have, with respect to the Restricted Stock, all of the rights of a shareholder of the Company holding the class of Shares that is the subject of the Restricted Stock, including, if applicable, the right to vote the shares and the right 84 TABLE OF CONTENTS ​ to receive any Dividend-Equivalent Rights pursuant to Article 16 ( Dividend-Equivalent Rights ) of this Plan. Any dividends paid on Restricted Stock will be subject to the same restrictions that affect the Restricted Stock with respect to which the dividend was paid. Dividends paid out of escrow will be treated as remuneration for employment unless an election has been made under Section 8.6 ( Restricted Stock and Restricted Stock Units/Section 83(b) Election ). A Participant shall have no voting rights with respect to any Restricted Stock Units granted hereunder. A Participant shall have no dividend rights with respect to any Restricted Stock Units granted hereunder unless the Participant is also granted Dividend-Equivalent Rights. 8.6 Section 83(b) Election . The Committee may provide in an Award Agreement that the Award of Restricted Stock is conditioned upon the Participant making or refraining from making an election with respect to the Award under Code Section 83(b). If a Participant makes an election pursuant to Code Section 83(b) concerning a Restricted Stock Award, the Participant shall be required to file promptly a copy of such election with the Company. 8.7 Deferral Rights . The Committee may, in accordance with the requirements of Code Section 409A, permit an Employee or Director to elect to defer any Award of Restricted Stock and/or Restricted Stock Units. Any deferral of Restricted Stock shall be converted into a deferred Restricted Stock Unit. Any deferral of Restricted Stock or Restricted Stock Units shall be evidenced by a deferral election form containing such terms and conditions not inconsistent with this Plan or Code Section 409A as the Committee shall determine, including customary representations, warranties and covenants with respect to securities law matters. Any Dividend Equivalent Rights provided a Participant with respect to deferred Restricted Stock or Restricted Stock Units shall be subject to Article 16 ( Dividend-Equivalent Rights ). Article 9. Deferred Stock Units 9.1 In General . The Committee may, in accordance with the requirements of Code Section 409A, permit an Employee or Director to elect to defer receipt of all or a portion of his annual compensation, annual incentive bonus and/or long-term compensation (other than Options or SARs) (“Deferred Annual Amount”) payable by the Company or an Affiliate and receive in lieu thereof an Award of elective Deferred Stock Units equal to the number which may be obtained by dividing (a) the amount of the Deferred Annual Amount, by (b) the Fair Market Value of a Share on the date such compensation and/or annual bonus would otherwise have been paid (“Deferred Stock Units”). Deferred Stock Units shall be evidenced by a deferral election form (“Deferral Election Form”) containing such terms and conditions not inconsistent with this Plan or Code Section 409A as the Committee shall determine, including customary representations, warranties and covenants with respect to securities law matters. The Deferral Election Form shall serve as the Award Agreement for the Deferred Stock Units. Upon receipt of a Deferral Election Form, the Company shall establish a notional account for the Participant and will record in such account the number of Shares underlying the Deferred Stock Units awarded to the Participant. No Shares will be issued to the Participant at the time Deferred Stock Units are credited in connection with a Deferral Election Form. 9.2 Rights as a Stockholder . The Committee may, in its discretion, provide in the Deferral Election Form related to a Deferred Stock Unit, that Dividend Equivalent Rights shall be granted with respect to such Deferred Stock Unit, and if Dividend Equivalent Rights are granted, when such Dividend Equivalent Rights shall be accrued, paid to, or credited to the account of, a Participant credited with Deferred Stock Units pursuant to Article 16 ( Dividend-Equivalent Rights ) of this Plan. Unless otherwise provided by the Committee in the Deferral Election Form, (a) any cash dividends or distributions credited to the Participant’s account shall be deemed to have been invested in additional Deferred Stock Units on the record date established for the related dividend or distribution in an amount equal to the number which may be obtained by dividing (i) the value of such dividend or distribution on the record date by (ii) the Fair Market Value of a Share on such date, and such additional Deferred Stock Units shall be subject to the same terms and conditions as are applicable in respect of the Deferred Stock Units with respect to which such dividends or distributions were payable, and (b) if any such dividends or distributions are paid in Shares or other securities, such shares and other securities shall be subject to the same Restriction Period and other restrictions, if any, as apply to the Deferred Stock Units with respect to which they were paid. A Participant shall not have any rights as a shareholder in respect of Deferred Stock Units awarded pursuant to the Plan (including, without limitation, the right to vote on any matter submitted to the Company’s shareholders) until such time as the Shares attributable to such Deferred Stock Units have been issued to such Participant or his beneficiary. 85 TABLE OF CONTENTS ​ 9.3 Vesting . Unless otherwise provided in the Deferral Election Form related to a Deferred Stock Unit, each Deferred Stock Unit, together with any Dividend — Equivalent Rights credited with respect thereto, shall not be subject to any Restriction Period and shall be non-forfeitable at all times. For purposes of clarity, any Deferred Stock Unit (and any related Dividend Equivalent Right) issued in connection with the deferral of any Award of long-term compensation that would have been granted under the Plan shall be subject to the same Restriction Period that would have applied to such Award had it not been deferred. Elective deferrals of other compensation that would otherwise have been payable in cash shall not be subject to any Restriction Period. 9.4 Settlement . Subject to Article 23 ( General Provisions ), and the last sentence of Section 9.1 ( Deferred Stock Units/In General ), unless otherwise provided in the Deferral Election Form related to a Deferred Stock Unit, the Company shall issue the Shares underlying any of a Participant’s Deferred Stock Units (and any related Dividend-Equivalent Rights) credited to such Participant’s account under this Plan within ninety (90) days following the date of such Participant’s Termination of Employment or Service (or such other Code Section 409A-compliant distribution event as may be elected by the Participant in the initial Deferral Election Form in accordance with the rules and procedures of the Committee and Code Section 409A). The Committee may provide, or the Participant may elect, in the Deferral Election Form applicable to any Deferred Stock Unit that, in lieu of issuing Shares in settlement of that Deferred Stock Units, the Fair Market Value of the Shares corresponding to such Deferred Stock Units shall be paid in cash. For each Share received in settlement of Deferred Stock Units, the Company shall deliver to the Participant a certificate representing such Share, bearing appropriate legends, if applicable. Notwithstanding any other provision of the Plan to the contrary, any distribution that complies with Code Section 409A shall be deemed for all purposes to comply with the Plan requirements regarding the time and form of distributions. 9.5 Further Deferral Elections . If permitted by the Committee in the Deferral Election Form, a Participant may, elect to further defer receipt of Shares issuable in respect of Deferred Stock Units in accordance with the requirements of Code Section 409A. Any such redeferral election shall be valid only if : (a) such election does not take effect until at least twelve (12) months after the date on which it is made; (b) in the case of an election not related to a payment on account of Disability, death, or an unforeseeable emergency (within the meaning of Code Section 409A), the distribution is deferred for at least five (5) years from the date such distribution would otherwise have been paid; and (c) any election related to a distribution at a specified time or pursuant to a fixed schedule (within the meaning of Code Section 409A) is made at least twelve (12) months prior to the date on which distributions are otherwise scheduled to be paid. Any redeferral election in accordance with this paragraph shall be irrevocable on the date it is filed with the Committee unless subsequently changed pursuant to this paragraph. Article 10. Performance Shares, Performance Share Units, and Performance Units 10.1 Grant of Performance Shares, Performance Share Units, and Performance Units . Subject to the terms and provisions of this Plan, the Committee, at any time and from time to time, may grant Performance Shares, Performance Share Units, and/or Performance Units to Eligible Individuals in such amounts and upon such terms as the Committee shall determine. With respect to any Award of Performance Shares, Performance Share Units or Performance Units, the Committee shall establish in writing (a) the performance goals or measures (as described in Article 10 ( Performance Shares, Performance Share Units, and Performance Units )) applicable to a given Performance Period, and (b) such performance goals shall state the method for computing the amount of compensation payable to the Covered Employee Participant if such performance goals are attained. 10.2 Performance Goals . Performance objectives will be based on the performance of the Company or one or more subsidiary, Affiliate, business unit, business group, business venture or legal entity on an absolute, relative, adjusted or per-share basis, individual performance goals, strategic and business unit operational goals, subjective goals and any other performance measures and goals that the Committee determines to be appropriate. Financial performance measures may include, but are not limited to: earnings, profits, income (on a gross or net basis), EBIT, EBITDA, return measures, cash flow, or any other financial measure that appears as a line item in Company’s filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission or the annual report to shareholders; the price per share of the Company’s common stock; total shareholder return; market shares; or working capital. Non-financial performance measures may include, but are not limited to: productivity ratios; customer satisfaction; ESG; individual performance goals or any other 86 TABLE OF CONTENTS performance measure or goal that the Committee determines to be appropriate. Relative performance may be measured against a group of peer companies, a financial market index or other acceptable objective and quantifiable indices. The Committee may establish any of the performance measures above computed without taking into account an amount reflected therein related to Awards under the Plan. The Committee shall explicitly state such exclusion of the Awards when establishing the material terms of the performance measure. If the performance measure (considered without this exclusion of the Awards) reflects an income tax effect of the Awards, this exclusion should reflect the corresponding income tax effects attributable thereto. In its sole discretion in setting the performance objectives, the Committee may provide for the making of equitable adjustments in recognition of unusual or non-recurring events, transactions and accruals, such as (a) asset write-downs, (b) litigation or claim judgments or settlements, (c) changes in tax laws, accounting principles, or other laws or provisions affecting reported results, (d) any reorganization and restructuring programs, (e) acquisitions, mergers, or divestitures (including non-recurring transaction-related expenses); (f) securities offerings; and (g) other special charges or extraordinary items as approved by the Committee, in its sole discretion. 10.3 Evaluation of Performance . Effective as of the Effective Date, the Committee may provide in any Award that any evaluation of performance may include or exclude any of the following events that occur during a Performance Period (including the income tax effects attributable thereto), singularly or in combination, to the goals/targets in recognition of the following categories (or any particular item(s) within the following categories or portion(s) thereof): (a) Asset impairments as described in ASC 360, Property, Plant and Equipment, as amended, revised or superseded; or (b) Costs associated with exit or disposal activities as described in ASC 420, Exit or Disposal Cost Obligations, as amended, revised or superseded; or (c) Impairment charges (excluding the amortization thereof) related to goodwill or other intangible assets, as described in ASC 350, Intangibles — Goodwill and Other, as amended, revised or superseded; or (d) Integration costs related to all merger and acquisition activity of the Company and/or its Affiliates, including, without limitation, any merger, acquisition, reverse merger, triangular merger, tender offer, consolidation, amalgamation, arrangement, security exchange, business combination or any other purchase or sale involving the Company and/or its Affiliates (or foreign equivalent of any of the foregoing); or (e) Transaction costs related to all merger and acquisition activity of the Company and/or its Affiliates, including, without limitation, any merger, acquisition, reverse merger, triangular merger, tender offer, consolidation, amalgamation, arrangement, security exchange, business combination or any other purchase or sale involving the Company and/or its Affiliates (or foreign equivalent of any of the foregoing); or (f) Any profit or loss attributable to the business operations of a specified segment as described in ASC 280, Segment Reporting, as amended, revised or superseded; or (g) Any profit or loss attributable to a specified segment as described in ASC 280, Segment Reporting, as amended, revised or superseded acquired during the Performance Period or an entity or entities acquired during the Performance Period to which the performance goal relates; or (h) Any tax settlement(s) with a tax authority; or (i) Any gains and losses that are treated as unusual in nature or infrequent in their occurrence as described in ASC 225-20, Income Statement — Unusual or Infrequently Occurring Items, as amended, revised or superseded; or (j) Any other non-recurring items, any events or transactions that do not constitute ongoing operations, or other non-GAAP financial measures (not otherwise listed); or 87 TABLE OF CONTENTS (k) Any change in accounting principle as described in ASC 250-10, Accounting Changes and Error Corrections, as amended, revised or superseded; or (l) Unrealized gains or losses on investments in debt and equity securities as described in ASC 320, Investments — Debt and Equity Securities, as amended, revised or superseded; or (m) Any gain or loss recognized as a result of derivative instrument transactions or other hedging activities as described in ASC 815, Derivatives and Hedging, as amended, revised or superseded; or (n) Stock-based compensation charges as described in ASC 718, Compensation — Stock Compensation and ASC 505-50, Equity Based Payments to Non Employees, as amended, revised or superseded; or (o) Any gain or loss as reported as a component of other comprehensive income as described in ASC 220, Comprehensive Income, as amended, revised or superseded; or (p) Any expense (or reversal thereof) as a result of incurring an obligation for a direct or indirect guarantee, as described in ASC 460, Guarantees, as amended, revised or superseded; or (q) Any gain or loss as the result of the consolidation of a variable interest entity as described in ASC 810, Consolidation, as amended, revised or superseded; or (r) Any expense, gain or loss (including, but not limited to, judgments, interest on judgments, settlement amounts, attorneys’ fees and costs, filing fees, experts’ fees, and damages sustained as a result of the imposition of injunctive relief) as a result of claims, litigation or lawsuit settlement (including collective actions or class action lawsuits); or (s) Any charges associated with the early retirement of debt; or (t) The relevant tax effect(s) of tax laws or regulations, or amendments thereto, that become effective after the beginning of the applicable Performance Period. 10.4 Value of Performance Shares, Performance Share Units, and Performance Units . Each Performance Share and each Performance Share Unit shall have an initial value equal to the Fair Market Value of a Share on the Grant Date. Each Performance Unit shall have an initial value that is established by the Committee at the time of grant. The Committee shall set performance goals in its discretion which, depending on the extent to which they are met, will determine the value and/or number of Performance Shares, Performance Share Units, and/or Performance Units that will be paid out to the Participant. 10.5 Earning of Performance Shares, Performance Share Units, and Performance Units . Subject to the terms of this Plan, after the applicable Performance Period has ended, the holder of Performance Shares, Performance Share Units, and/or Performance Units shall be entitled to receive payout on the value and number of Performance Shares, Performance Share Units, and/or Performance Units earned by the Participant over the Performance Period, to be determined as a function of the extent to which the corresponding performance goals have been achieved. Performance goals may include minimum, maximum and target levels of performance, with the size of the Award or payout of Performance Shares, Performance Share Units or Performance Units or the vesting or lapse of restrictions with respect thereto, based on the level attained. The Committee may also provide in any such Award that any evaluation of performance against a performance goal may include or exclude events that occur during a Performance Period (including the income tax effects attributable thereto), singularly or in combination. 10.6 Form and Timing of Payment of Performance Shares, Performance Share Units, and Performance Units . Payment of earned Performance Shares, Performance Share Units, and/or Performance Units shall be as determined by the Committee and as evidenced in the Award Agreement. Subject to the terms of this Plan, the Committee, in its sole discretion, may pay earned Performance Shares, Performance Share Units, and/or Performance Units in the form of cash or in Shares (or in a combination thereof) equal to the value of the earned Performance Shares, Performance Share Units, and/or Performance Units at the close of the applicable Performance Period, but no later than the fifteenth (15 th ) day of the third month after the year in which the Performance Period ended. Any Shares may be granted subject to any restrictions 88 TABLE OF CONTENTS ​ ​ deemed appropriate by the Committee. The determination of the Committee with respect to the form of payout of such Awards shall be set forth in the Award Agreement pertaining to the grant of the Award. 10.7 Minimum Vesting Conditions . All Awards of Performance Shares, Performance Share Units, and Performance Units shall have a minimum vesting period of one year from the date of its grant, with no vesting prior to the first anniversary of the grant date; except that this minimum vesting condition need not apply (i) in the case of the death, disability or Retirement of the Participant or termination of employment of a Participant in connection with a Change of Control, and (ii) with respect to up to an aggregate of 5% of the shares of Stock authorized under the Plan, which may be granted (or regranted upon forfeiture) in any form permitted under the Plan without regard to such minimum vesting requirements. 10.8 Deferral Rights. The Committee may, in accordance with the requirements of Code Section 409A, permit an Employee or Director to elect to defer any Award of Performance Shares, Performance Share Units and/or Performance Units. Any deferral of Performance Shares shall be converted into a deferred Performance Share Unit. Any deferral of Performance Shares, Performance Share Units and/or Performance Units shall be evidenced by a deferral election form containing such terms and conditions not inconsistent with this Plan or Code Section 409A as the Committee shall determine, including customary representations, warranties and covenants with respect to securities law matters. Any Dividend Equivalent Rights provided a Participant with respect to deferred Performance Shares, Performance Share Units or Performance Units shall be subject to Article 16 ( Dividend-Equivalent Rights ). Article 11. Cash-Based Awards and Other Stock-Based Awards 11.1 Grant of Cash-Based Awards . Subject to the terms and provisions of the Plan, the Committee, at any time and from time to time, may grant Cash-Based Awards to Eligible Individuals in such amounts and upon such terms as the Committee may determine. 11.2 Other Stock-Based Awards . The Committee, at any time and from time to time, may grant to Eligible Individuals other types of equity-based or equity-related Awards not otherwise described by the terms of this Plan (including the grant or offer for sale of unrestricted Shares) in such amounts and subject to such terms and conditions, as the Committee shall determine. Such Awards may involve the transfer of actual Shares to Participants, or payment in cash or otherwise of amounts based on the value of Shares and may include, without limitation, Awards designed to comply with or take advantage of the applicable local laws of jurisdictions other than the United States. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in no event may more than an aggregate of 5% of the shares of Stock authorized under the Plan be granted as an Other Stock-Based Award that is not subject to a minimum vesting period of one year from the date of its grant (or 50 weeks for an Other Stock-Based Award granted to a Nonemployee Director at the regular annual meeting of shareholders that vests at the next regular annual meeting of shareholders). 11.3 Value of Cash-Based and Other Stock-Based Awards . Each Cash-Based Award shall specify a payment amount or payment range as determined by the Committee. Each Other Stock-Based Award shall be expressed in terms of Shares or units based on Shares, as determined by the Committee. The Committee may establish performance goals in its discretion. If the Committee exercises its discretion to establish performance goals, the number and/or value of Cash-Based Awards or Other Stock-Based Awards that will be paid out to the Participant will depend on the extent to which the performance goals are met. 11.4 Payment of Cash-Based Awards and Other Stock-Based Awards . Payment, if any, with respect to a Cash-Based Award or an Other Stock-Based Award shall be made in accordance with the terms of the Award, in cash or Shares as the Committee determines. The Company may pay earned Cash-Based Awards and Other Stock-Based Awards in the form of cash or in Shares (or in a combination thereof) equal to the value of the earned Award at the close of the applicable Performance Period, if any, but no later than the fifteenth (15 th ) day of the third month after the year in which the Performance Period ended, the award vests (unless a valid deferral election has been made), or the date the payment was otherwise scheduled to be made. Article 12. Nonemployee Director Awards The Board or a committee of the Board shall determine all Awards to Nonemployee Directors. The terms and conditions of any grant to any such Nonemployee Director shall be set forth in an Award 89 TABLE OF CONTENTS ​ ​ Agreement. Nonemployee Directors, pursuant to this Article 12 ( Nonemployee Director Awards ), may be awarded, or may be permitted to elect to receive, pursuant to the procedures established by the Board or a committee of the Board, all or any portion of their annual retainer, meeting fees or other fees in Shares, Restricted Stock, Restricted Stock Units, Deferred Stock Units or other Awards as contemplated by this Plan in lieu of cash. Notwithstanding Section 4.4 ( Shares Subject to this Plan and Award Limitations/Annual Award Limits ), a Nonemployee Director may not receive equity-based Awards under this Plan in any one Plan Year which have an aggregate grant date “fair value’ that exceeds five hundred thousand dollars ($500,000), with fair value determined under applicable accounting standards. All Awards to Nonemployee Directors shall have a minimum vesting period of one year from the date of its grant (or 50 weeks for an Award granted to a Nonemployee Director at the regular annual meeting of shareholders that vests at the next regular annual meeting of shareholders); except that this minimum vesting condition need not apply (i) in the case of the death, disability or Retirement of the Participant or termination of employment of a Participant in connection with a Change of Control, and (ii) with respect to up to an aggregate of 5% of the shares of Stock authorized under the Plan, which may be granted (or regranted upon forfeiture) in any form permitted under the Plan without regard to such minimum vesting requirements. Article 13. Transferability of Awards During a Participant’s lifetime, his or her Awards shall be exercisable only by the Participant (or by the Participant’s legal representative in the event of the Participant’s incapacity). Awards shall not be transferable other than by will or the laws of descent and distribution; no Awards shall be subject, in whole or in part, to attachment, execution, or levy of any kind; and any purported transfer in violation hereof shall be null and void. Article 14. Impact of Termination of Employment or Service on Awards 14.1 In General . Unless otherwise determined by the Committee and set forth in the Award Agreement, upon a Participant’s Termination of Employment or Service with or to the Company or an Affiliate, for any reason whatsoever, except as otherwise set forth in this Article 14 ( Impact of Termination of Employment or Service on Awards ), in an Award Agreement or, with the consent of such individual, as determined by the Committee at any time prior to or after such termination, Awards granted to such Participant will be treated as follows: (a) Any Options and SARs will (i) to the extent not vested and exercisable as of the date of such Termination of Employment or Service with or to the Company or an Affiliate, terminate on the date of such termination, and (ii) to the extent vested and exercisable as of the date of such Termination of Employment or Service with or to the Company or an Affiliate, remain exercisable for a period of one (1) year following the date of such termination (but in no event beyond the maximum term of such Award); provided, however, that a Participant may not exercise an ISO more than three (3) months following the date of such termination for any reason other than death or Disability (but in no event beyond the maximum term of such Award). (b) Any unvested portion of any Restricted Stock, Restricted Stock Units, or Deferred Stock Units will be immediately forfeited. (c) Any Performance Shares, Performance Share Units, or Performance Units will be immediately forfeited and terminate. (d) Any other Awards, including, but not limited to, Cash-Based Awards and Other Stock-Based Awards, to the extent not vested will be immediately forfeited and terminate. 14.2 Upon Termination of Employment or Service in Connection with a Change in Control . Except as otherwise provided in an Award Agreement, upon a Termination of Employment or Service in connection with a change in control, Awards granted to a Participant will be treated as set forth in Article 19 ( Change in Control ). 14.3 Bona Fide Leave . Notwithstanding the fact that a Participant’s employment ostensibly terminates and except as otherwise provided in an Award Agreement, if the Participant is on a bona fide leave of absence, as defined in Treas. Reg. Section 1.409A-1(h)(1), then the Participant will be treated as 90 TABLE OF CONTENTS ​ ​ ​ ​ having a continuing employment relationship (and not as having terminated employment for purposes of this Plan) so long as the period of the leave does not exceed six (6) months, or if longer, so long as the Participant retains a right to reemployment with the Company or an Affiliate under an applicable statute or by contract. 14.4 Change in Participant Status . If a Participant changes status from an Employee, Director, or Third Party Service Provider to an Employee, Director, and/or Third Party Service Provider, without interruption, the Committee, in its sole discretion, may permit any Award held by such Participant at the time of such change in status to be unaffected by such status change; provided, however, that an ISO held by an Employee shall be treated as a NQSO on the first (1 st ) day that is three (3) months after the date that the Participant ceases to be an Employee. Article 15. Substitution Awards Awards may be granted under the Plan from time to time in substitution for stock options and other awards held by employees or directors of other entities who are about to become Employees, whose employer is about to become an Affiliate as the result of a merger or consolidation of the Company or its Affiliate with another corporation, or the acquisition by the Company or its Affiliate of substantially all the assets of another corporation, or the acquisition by the Company or its Affiliate of at least fifty percent (50%) of the issued and outstanding stock of another corporation as the result of which such other corporation will become a subsidiary. The terms and conditions of the substitute Awards so granted may vary from the terms and conditions set forth in the Plan to such extent as the Board at the time of grant may deem appropriate to conform, in whole or in part, to the provisions of the award in substitution for which they are granted to ensure that the requirements imposed under Code Section 409A and 424, to the extent applicable, are satisfied. Article 16. Dividend-Equivalent Rights Any Participant selected by the Committee may be granted Dividend-Equivalent Rights (in connection with any Award other than an Option of SAR) based on the dividends declared on Shares that are subject to the Award to which they relate, to be accrued as of dividend payment dates, during the period between the date the Award is granted and the date the Award is exercised, vests or expires, as determined by the Committee. Such Dividend-Equivalent Rights shall be converted to cash or additional Shares by such formula and at such time and subject to such limitations as may be determined by the Committee. Notwithstanding the foregoing or any provision of the Plan to the contrary, if any Award for which Dividend-Equivalent Rights have been granted has its vesting or grant dependent upon the satisfaction of (i) a service condition, (ii) one or more performance conditions, or (iii) both a service condition and one or more performance conditions, then such Dividend-Equivalent Rights shall be subject to the same performance conditions and service conditions, as applicable, as the underlying Award. For purposes of clarity, no amount shall be paid or settled in connection with a Dividend-Equivalent Right until the underlying Award has become vested. Under no circumstances may Dividend-Equivalent Rights be granted for any Option or SAR. Article 17. Beneficiary Designation Each Participant under this Plan may, from time to time, name any beneficiary or beneficiaries (who may be named contingently or successively) to whom any benefit under this Plan is to be paid in case of his death before he receives any or all of such benefit. Each such designation shall revoke all prior designations by the same Participant, shall be in a form prescribed by the Committee, and will be effective only when filed by the Participant in writing with the Company during the Participant’s lifetime. In the absence of any such beneficiary designation, benefits remaining unpaid or rights remaining unexercised at the Participant’s death shall be paid to or exercised by the Participant’s surviving spouse, if any, or the Participant’s executor, administrator, or legal representative. Article 18. Rights of Participants 18.1 Employment/Service . Nothing in this Plan or an Award Agreement shall interfere with or limit in any way the right of the Company or its Affiliates to terminate any Participant’s employment or service on the Board or to the Company or its Affiliates at any time or for any reason, nor confer upon any Participant any right to continue his employment or service as a Director or Third Party Service Provider for any 91 TABLE OF CONTENTS ​ specified period of time. Neither an Award nor any benefits arising under this Plan shall constitute an employment contract with the Company or any of its Affiliates and, accordingly, subject to Article 3 ( Administration ) and Article 20 ( Amendment, Modification, Suspension, and Termination ), this Plan and the benefits hereunder may be terminated at any time in the sole and exclusive discretion of the Committee without giving rise to any liability on the part of the Company or its Affiliates. Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to alter the relationship between the Company or an Affiliate and a Participant, or the contractual relationship between a Participant and the Company or an Affiliate if there is a written contract regarding such relationship. 18.2 Participation . No individual shall have the right to be selected to receive an Award under this Plan, or, having been so selected, to be selected to receive a future Award. 18.3 Rights as a Shareholder . Except as otherwise provided herein, a Participant shall have none of the rights of a shareholder with respect to Shares covered by any Award until the Participant becomes the record holder of such Shares. Article 19. Change in Control 19.1 Impact of Event . Notwithstanding any other provision of the Plan to the contrary and unless otherwise specifically provided in an Award Agreement, but subject to Section 4.4 ( Shares Subject to this Plan and Award Limitations/Adjustments in Authorized Shares ), in the event of a Change in Control and where the Participant incurs a separation from service (as defined in Code Section 409A) within the thirty (30) days preceding or the twenty-four (24) months following the Change in Control: (a) Any Options and SARs outstanding as of the date of such Change in Control and not then exercisable shall become fully exercisable to the full extent of the original grant; (b) All remaining Restriction Periods shall be accelerated and any remaining restrictions applicable to any Restricted Stock Awards shall lapse and such Restricted Stock shall become free of all restrictions and become fully vested and transferable to the full extent of the original grant; (c) All remaining Restriction Periods shall be accelerated and any remaining restrictions applicable to any Restricted Stock Units shall lapse and such Restricted Stock Units shall become free of all restrictions and become fully vested and redeemed to the full extent of the original grant (i.e., the Restriction Period shall lapse); (d) Any performance goal or other condition with respect to any Performance Units, Performance Shares, and Performance Share Units shall be deemed to have been satisfied in an amount equal to the greater of (i) the target number of Performance Units, Performance Shares, or Performance Share Units or (ii) the actual performance earned as measured on the date of the Change in Control; and the Common Shares or cash subject to such Award shall be fully distributable; (e) Any remaining restrictions, performance goals or other conditions with respect to any Deferred Stock Units shall lapse and such Deferred Stock Unit shall be deemed to have been satisfied in full and in the case of performance goals, as if target was achieved, and the Common Shares or cash subject to such Award shall be fully distributable; and (f) Any Cash-Based Awards and Other Stock-Based Awards outstanding as of the date of such Change in Control and not then vested shall vest to the full extent of the original grant, and shall be fully distributable. Notwithstanding the foregoing, with respect to any Award that provides for the deferral of compensation and is subject to Code Section 409A, unless the Committee determines otherwise in the Award Agreement, such Award shall be paid, distributed or settled, as applicable: (i) on the occurrence of a Change in Control if that Change in Control constitutes a “change in control event” within the meaning of Code Section 409A; or (ii) in accordance with the terms provided in the Award Agreement if that Change in Control does not constitute a “change in control event” within the meaning of Code Section 409A. 19.2 Effect of Code Section 280G . Except as otherwise provided in the Award Agreement or any other written agreement between the Participant and the Company or any Affiliate in effect on the date of 92 TABLE OF CONTENTS ​ the Change in Control, if the sum (or value) due under Section 19.1 ( Change in Control/Impact of Event ) that are characterizable as parachute payments, when combined with other parachute payments attributable to the same Change in Control, constitute “excess parachute payments” as defined in Code Section 280G(b)(1), the entity responsible for making those payments or its successor or successors (collectively, “Payor”) will reduce the Participant’s benefits under the Plan by the smaller of (a) the value of the sum or the value of the payments due under Section 19.1 ( Change in Control/Effect of Code Section 280G ), or (b) the amount necessary to ensure that the Participant’s total “parachute payment” as defined in Code Section 280G(b)(2)(A) under the Plan and all other agreements will be $1.00 less than the amount that would generate an excise tax under Code Section 4999. Any reduction pursuant to this Section 19.2 ( Change in Control/Effect of Code Section 280G ) shall be first applied against parachute payments (as determined above) that are not subject to Code Section 409A and, thereafter, shall be applied against all remaining parachute payments (as determined above) subject to Code Section 409A on a pro rata basis. Article 20. Amendment, Modification, Suspension, and Termination 20.1 Amendment, Modification, Suspension, and Termination . Subject to Section 20.3 ( Amendment, Modification, Suspension, and Termination/Awards Previously Granted ) and Section 20.5 ( Amendment, Modification, Suspension, and Termination/Repricing Prohibition ), the Committee may, at any time and from time to time, alter, amend, modify, suspend, or terminate this Plan and/or any Award Agreement in whole or in part; provided, however, that no material amendment of this Plan shall be made without shareholder approval if shareholder approval is required by law, regulation, or stock exchange rule. 20.2 Adjustment of Awards Upon the Occurrence of Certain Unusual or Nonrecurring Events . Except to the extent prohibited under Code Sections 409A and 424, to the extent applicable, the Committee may make adjustments in the terms and conditions of, and the criteria included in, Awards in recognition of unusual or nonrecurring events (other than those described in Section 4.4 ( Shares Subject to this Plan and Award Limitations/Adjustments in Authorized Shares ) hereof), affecting the Company or the financial statements of the Company or of changes in applicable laws, regulations, or accounting principles, whenever the Committee determines that such adjustments are appropriate in order to prevent unintended dilution or enlargement of the benefits or potential benefits intended to be made available under this Plan. The determination of the Committee as to the foregoing adjustments, if any, shall be conclusive and binding on Participants under this Plan. 20.3 Awards Previously Granted . Notwithstanding any other provision of this Plan to the contrary (other than Section 20.4 ( Amendment, Modification, Suspension, and Termination/Amendment to Conform to Law )), no termination, amendment, suspension, or modification of this Plan or an Award Agreement shall adversely affect in any material way any Award previously granted under this Plan, without the written consent of the Participant holding such Award. 20.4 Amendment to Conform to Law . Notwithstanding any other provision of this Plan to the contrary, the Board of Directors may amend the Plan or an Award Agreement, to take effect retroactively or otherwise, as deemed necessary or advisable for the purpose of (a) conforming the Plan or an Award Agreement to any present or future law relating to plans of this or similar nature (including, but not limited to, Code Section 409A to the extent applicable), and to the administrative regulations and rulings promulgated thereunder; (b) permitting the Company or its Affiliates to receive a tax deduction under applicable law; or (c) avoiding an expense charge to the Company or its Affiliates. By accepting an Award under this Plan, a Participant consents to any amendment made pursuant to this Section 20.4 ( Amendment, Modification, Suspension, and Termination/Amendment to Conform to Law) to any Award granted under the Plan without further consideration or action. 20.5 Repricing Prohibition . Except to the extent (a) approved by the Company’s shareholders, or (b) provided in Section 4.4 ( Shares Subject to this Plan and Award Limitations/Adjustments in Authorized Shares ), the Committee shall not have the power or authority to (i) reduce, whether through amendment or otherwise, the Exercise Price or the Grant Price of any outstanding Option or SAR; (ii) grant any new Option or SAR with a lower Exercise Price or Grant Price, as applicable, in substitution for or upon cancellation of an Option or SAR, or (iii) grant any new Award, or make any cash or in-kind payment, in substitution for or upon the cancellation of any Option or SAR at a time when the Exercise Price of the Option or the Grant Price of the SAR being substituted or cancelled is greater than the current Fair Market Value of a Share. 93 TABLE OF CONTENTS ​ ​ ​ 20.6 Reload Prohibition . Regardless of any other provision of the Plan, no Participant will be entitled to (and no Committee discretion may be exercised to extend to any Participant) an automatic grant of additional Awards in connection with the exercise of an Option or otherwise. Article 21. Withholding 21.1 Tax Withholding . The Company shall have the power and the right to deduct or withhold, or require a Participant to remit to the Company, the minimum statutory amount, or such higher withholding elected by the Participant provided that such higher withholding would not have a negative accounting impact for the Company, to satisfy federal, state, provincial, and local taxes, domestic or foreign, required by law or regulation to be withheld with respect to any taxable event arising as a result of this Plan. As soon as practicable after the date as of which the amount first becomes includible in the gross income of the Participant (but no later than the last business day of the calendar quarter during which the amount first becomes includible in gross income), the Participant shall pay to the Company or an Affiliate (or other entity identified by the Committee), or make arrangements satisfactory to the Company or other entity identified by the Committee regarding the payment of any federal, state, provincial, or local taxes of any kind (including any employment taxes) required by law to be withheld with respect to such income. The obligations of the Company under this Plan shall be conditional on such payment or arrangements, and the Company and its Affiliates shall, to the extent permitted by law, have the right to deduct any such taxes from any payment otherwise due to the Participant, or such higher withholding elected by the Participant provided that such higher withholding would not have a negative accounting impact for the Company 21.2 Share Withholding . With respect to withholding required upon the exercise of Options or SARs, upon the lapse of restrictions on Restricted Stock and Restricted Stock Units, or upon the achievement of performance goals related to Performance Shares, or any other taxable event arising as a result of an Award granted hereunder, unless the Participant has elected, with the approval of the Committee, to satisfy the withholding requirement, in whole or in part, by paying the taxes in cash or transferring to the Company Shares owned by the Participant that would satisfy no less than minimum statutory total tax but no more than the maximum statutory total tax with respect to the Company’s withholding obligation, the Participant shall be deemed to have elected to have the Company withhold a number of Shares that would satisfy no less than the minimum statutory total tax and, in the Committee’s discretion, up to the maximum statutory total tax that could be imposed on the transaction. All such elections shall be irrevocable, made by the Participant in a manner approved by the Committee, and shall be subject to any restrictions or limitations that the Committee, in its sole discretion, deems appropriate. Article 22. Successors All obligations of the Company under this Plan with respect to Awards granted hereunder shall be binding on any successor to the Company, whether the existence of such successor is the result of a direct or indirect purchase, merger, consolidation, or otherwise, of all or substantially all of the business and/or assets of the Company. All obligations imposed upon a Participant, and all rights granted to the Company hereunder, shall be binding upon each Participant’s heirs, legal representatives, and successors. Article 23. General Provisions 23.1 Recovery of Compensation . Any Award issued under this Plan will be subject to any clawback policy developed by the Board of Directors or the Committee that is consistent with applicable law, whether such Award was granted before or after the effective date of any such clawback policy. 23.2 Legend . The certificates for Shares may include any legend which the Committee deems appropriate to reflect any restrictions on transfer of such Shares. 23.3 Gender and Number . Except where otherwise indicated by the context, any masculine term used herein also shall include the feminine, the singular shall include the plural, and the plural shall include the singular. 23.4 Severability . In the event that any one or more of the provisions of this Plan shall be or become invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any respect, the validity, legality and enforceability of the remaining provisions contained herein shall not be affected thereby. 94 TABLE OF CONTENTS 23.5 Compliance with Legal and Exchange Requirements . The Plan, the granting and exercising of Awards thereunder, and any obligations of the Company under the Plan, shall be subject to all applicable federal and state laws, rules, and regulations, and to such approvals by any regulatory or governmental agency as may be required, and to any rules or regulations of any stock exchange on which the Shares are listed. The Company, in its discretion, may postpone the granting and exercising of Awards, the issuance or delivery of Shares under any Award or any other action permitted under the Plan to permit the Company, with reasonable diligence, to complete such stock exchange listing or registration or qualification of such Shares or other required action under any federal or state law, rule, or regulation and may require any Participant to make such representations and furnish such information as it may consider appropriate in connection with the issuance or delivery of Shares in compliance with applicable laws, rules, and regulations. The Company shall not be obligated by virtue of any provision of the Plan to recognize the exercise of any Award or to otherwise sell or issue Shares in violation of any such laws, rules, or regulations, and any postponement of the exercise or settlement of any Award under this provision shall not extend the term of such Awards. Neither the Company nor its Affiliates, or the directors or officers of any such entities, shall have any obligation or liability to a Participant with respect to any Award (or Shares issuable thereunder) that shall lapse because of such postponement. 23.6 No Limitation on Compensation . Nothing in the Plan shall be construed to limit the right of the Company to establish other plans or to pay compensation to its employees, in cash or property, in a manner which is not expressly authorized under the Plan. 23.7 Investment Representations . The Committee may require any individual receiving Shares pursuant to an Award under this Plan to represent and warrant in writing that the individual is acquiring the Shares for investment and without any present intention to sell or distribute such Shares. 23.8 Employees Based Outside of the United States . Notwithstanding any provision of this Plan to the contrary, in order to comply with the laws in other countries in which the Company or its Affiliates operate or have Employees, Directors or Third Party Service Providers, the Committee, in its sole discretion, shall have the power and authority to: (a) Determine which Affiliates shall be covered by this Plan; (b) Determine which Employees, Directors and/or Third Party Service Providers outside the United States are eligible to participate in this Plan; (c) Modify the terms and conditions of any Award granted to Employees, Directors and/or Third Party Service Providers outside the United States to comply with applicable foreign laws; (d) Establish subplans and modify exercise procedures and other terms and procedures, to the extent such actions may be necessary or advisable. Any subplans and modifications to Plan terms and procedures established under this Section 23.8 ( General Provisions/Employees Based Outside of the United States) by the Committee shall be attached to this Plan document as appendices; and (e) Take any action, before or after an Award is made, that it deems advisable to obtain approval or comply with any necessary local government regulatory exemptions or approvals. Notwithstanding the above, the Committee may not take any actions hereunder, and no Awards shall be granted, that would violate applicable law. 23.9 Uncertificated Shares . To the extent that this Plan provides for issuance of certificates to reflect the transfer of Shares, the transfer of such Shares may be effected on a noncertificated basis, to the extent not prohibited by applicable law or the rules of any stock exchange. 23.10 Unfunded Plan . It is intended that this Plan be an “unfunded” plan for incentive compensation. The Committee may authorize the creation of trusts or other arrangements to meet the obligations created under this Plan to deliver Shares or make payments; provided, however, that, unless the Committee otherwise determines, the existence of such trusts or other arrangements is consistent with the “unfunded” status of this Plan and Participants shall have no right, title, or interest whatsoever in or to any investments that the Company or its Affiliates may make to aid it in meeting its obligations under this Plan. 95 TABLE OF CONTENTS 23.11 No Fractional Shares . No fractional Shares shall be issued or delivered pursuant to this Plan or any Award. The Committee shall determine whether cash, Awards, or other property shall be issued or paid in lieu of fractional Shares or whether such fractional Shares or any rights thereto shall be forfeited or otherwise eliminated (i.e., rounded down to the nearest whole Share). 23.12 No Impact on Benefits . Except as may otherwise be specifically stated under any employee benefit plan, policy or program, no amount payable in respect of any Award shall be treated as compensation for purposes of calculating a Participant’s right under any such plan, policy or program. 23.13 Compliance with Code Section 409A . (a) In General . The Plan is intended to be administered in a manner consistent with the requirements, where applicable, of Code Section 409A. All Award Agreements shall be construed and administered such that the Award either (i) qualifies for an exemption from the requirements of Code Section 409A or (ii) satisfies the requirements of Code Section 409A. To the extent that any provision of the Plan or an Award Agreement would cause a conflict with the requirements of Code Section 409A, or would cause the administration of the Plan or an Award to fail to satisfy the requirements of Code Section 409A, such provision shall be deemed amended to the extent practicable to avoid adverse tax consequences under Code Section 409A for the Participant (including his or her beneficiaries). In no event shall a Participant, directly or indirectly, designate the calendar year in which payment, distribution or settlement, as applicable, of an Award subject to Code Section 409A is made, except in accordance with Code Section 409A. Notwithstanding any provision in this Plan to the contrary, neither the Company nor the Committee shall have any liability to any person in the event such Code Section 409A applies to any Award in a manner that results in adverse tax consequences for the Participant or any of his or her beneficiaries. (b) Six-Month Delay for Specified Employees . Notwithstanding anything in this Plan or an Award Agreement to the contrary, if a Participant is a “specified employee,” within the meaning of Code Section 409A and as determined under the Company’s policy for determining specified employees, on the date of his “separation from service”, within the meaning of Code Section 409A, the distribution, payment or settlement, as applicable, of all of Participant’s Awards that are both (i) subject to Code Section 409A and (ii) distributable, payable or settleable, as appropriate, on account of a separation from service, shall be postponed for six (6) months following the date of the Participant’s separation from service. If a distribution, payment or settlement, as applicable, is delayed pursuant to this paragraph, the distribution, payment or settlement, as applicable, shall be made within the thirty (30)-day period following the first (1 st ) business day of the seventh (7 th ) month following the Participant’s separation from service; provided that if the Participant dies during such six (6)-month period, any postponed amounts shall be paid within ninety (90) days of the Participant’s death. This distribution, payment or settlement, as applicable, shall include the cumulative amount of any amount that could not be paid or provided during such period. (c) Elective Deferrals . No Participant elective deferrals or re-deferrals of compensation (as defined under Code Section 409A and/or guidance thereto) other than in regard to Deferred Stock Units are permitted under this Plan. Instead, any such elective deferrals of compensation shall only be permitted pursuant to the Company’s nonqualified deferred compensation plan. To the extent elective deferrals or re-deferrals are permitted under this Plan, such elections shall be made in accordance with the requirements of Code Section 409A and the rules, procedures and forms specified from time to time by the Committee. (d) Mandatory Deferrals . If, at the grant of an Award under this Plan, the Committee decides that the payment of compensation with respect to such Award shall be deferred compensation within the meaning of Code Section 409A, then, the Committee shall set forth the time and form of payment in the Award Agreement in a manner consistent with Code Section 409A. (e) Timing of Payments . Payment(s) of compensation that is subject to Code Section 409A shall only be made in the form and upon an event or at a time permitted under Code Section 409A. 23.14 Nonexclusivity of this Plan . The adoption of this Plan shall not be construed as creating any limitations on the power of the Board or Committee to adopt such other compensation arrangements as it may deem desirable for any Participant. 96 TABLE OF CONTENTS 23.15 No Constraint on Corporate Action . Nothing in this Plan shall be construed to: (a) limit, impair, or otherwise affect the Company’s or an Affiliate’s right or power to make adjustments, reclassifications, reorganizations, or changes of its capital or business structure, or to merge or consolidate, or dissolve, liquidate, sell, or transfer all or any part of its business or assets; or (b) limit the right or power of the Company or an Affiliate to take any action which such entity deems to be necessary or appropriate. 23.16 Headings and Captions . The headings and captions herein are provided for reference and convenience only, shall not be considered part of this Plan, and shall not be employed in the construction of this Plan. 23.17 Offset . Subject to the requirements of Code Section 409A, if applicable, (a) any amounts owed to the Company or an Affiliate by a Participant of whatever nature up to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law may be offset by the Company from the value of any Award to be transferred to the Participant, and (b) no Shares, cash or other thing of value under the Plan or an Award Agreement shall be transferred unless and until all disputes between the Company and the Participant have been fully and finally resolved and the Participant has waived all claims to such against the Company and its Affiliates. However, no waiver of any liability (or the right to apply the offset described in this Section 23.17 ( General Provisions/Offset ) may be inferred because the Company pays an Award to a Participant with an outstanding liability owed to the Company or an Affiliate. 23.18 Governing Law . The Plan and each Award Agreement shall be governed by the laws of the State of Ohio, excluding any conflicts or choice of law rule or principle that might otherwise refer construction or interpretation of this Plan to the substantive law of another jurisdiction. The Plan shall be construed to comply with all applicable law and to avoid liability (other than a liability expressly assumed under the Plan or an Award Agreement) to the Company, an Affiliate or a Participant. Recipients of an Award under this Plan are deemed to submit to the exclusive jurisdiction and venue of the federal or state courts located in Franklin County, Ohio, to resolve any and all issues that may arise out of or relate to this Plan or any related Award Agreement. 23.19 Delivery and Execution of Electronic Documents . To the extent permitted by applicable law, the Company may (a) deliver by email or other electronic means (including posting on a web site maintained by the Company or an Affiliate or by a third party under contract with the Company or an Affiliate) all documents relating to the Plan or any Award thereunder (including without limitation, prospectuses required by the Securities and Exchange Commission) and all other documents that the Company is required to deliver to its security holders (including without limitation, annual reports and proxy statements), and (b) permit Participants to electronically execute applicable Plan documents (including, but not limited to, Award Agreements) in a manner prescribed by the Committee. 23.20 No Representations or Warranties Regarding Tax Affect . Notwithstanding any provision of the Plan to the contrary, the Company, its Affiliates, the Board, and the Committee neither represent nor warrant the tax treatment under any federal, state, local or foreign laws and regulations thereunder (individually and collectively referred to as the “Tax Laws”) of any Award granted or any amounts paid to any Participant under the Plan including, but not limited to, when and to what extent such Awards or amounts may be subject to tax, penalties and interest under the Tax Laws. 23.21 Indemnification . To the maximum extent permitted under the Company’s Articles of Incorporation and Code of Regulations, each person who is or shall have been a member of the Board, a committee appointed by the Board, or an officer of the Company to whom authority was delegated in accordance with Article 3 ( Administration ), shall be indemnified and held harmless by the Company against and from any (a) loss, cost, liability, or expense (including attorneys’ fees) that may be imposed upon or reasonably incurred by him or her in connection with or resulting from any claim, action, suit, or proceeding to which he or she may be a party or in which he or she may be involved by reason of any action taken or failure to act under this Plan or any Award Agreement, and (b) from any and all amounts paid by him or her in settlement thereof, with the Company’s prior written approval, or paid by him or her in satisfaction of any judgment in any such action, suit, or proceeding against him or her; provided, however, that he or she shall give the Company an opportunity, at its own expense, to handle and defend the same before he or she undertakes to handle and defend it on his or her own behalf. The foregoing right of indemnification shall not be exclusive of any other rights of indemnification to which such persons may be entitled under the 97 TABLE OF CONTENTS Company’s Articles of Incorporation or Code of Regulations, by contract, as a matter of law, or otherwise, or under any power that the Company may have to indemnify them or hold them harmless. 23.22 No Obligation to Disclose Material Information . Except to the extent required by applicable securities laws, none of the Company, an Affiliate, the Committee, or the Board shall have any duty or obligation to affirmatively disclose material information to a record or beneficial holder of Shares or an Award, and such holder shall have no right to be advised of any material information regarding the Company or any Affiliate at any time prior to, upon or in connection with receipt or the exercise or distribution of an Award. The Company makes no representation or warranty as to the future value of the Shares that may be issued or acquired under the Plan. 23.23 Entire Agreement . Except as expressly provided otherwise, this Plan and any Award Agreement constitute the entire agreement with respect to the subject matter hereof and thereof, provided that in the event of any inconsistency between this Plan and any Award Agreement, the terms and conditions of the Plan shall control. ***** 98 TABLE OF CONTENTS Signature [PLEASE SIGN WITHIN BOX] Date Signature (Joint Owners) DateTO VOTE, MARK BLOCKS BELOW IN BLUE OR BLACK INK AS FOLLOWS:KEEP THIS PORTION FOR YOUR RECORDSTHIS PROXY CARD IS VALID ONLY WHEN SIGNED AND DATED. DETACH AND RETURN THIS PORTION ONLYBIG LOTS, INC.01) James R. Chambers02) Andrew C. Clarke03) Sebastian J. DiGrande04) Aaron Goldstein05) Marla C. Gottschalk06) Cynthia T. Jamison1. ELECTION OF DIRECTORS. The Board of Directorsrecommends a vote FOR the election of the nomineesnamed below:3. APPROVAL, ON AN ADVISORY BASIS, OF THE COMPENSATION OF OUR NAMED EXECUTIVE OFFICERS. The Board of Directors recommends avote FOR the approval of the compensation of Big Lots’ named executive officers, as disclosed in the Proxy Statement pursuant to Item 402 of RegulationS-K, including the Compensation Discussion and Analysis, compensation tables and narrative discussion accompanying the tables.4. RATIFICATION OF THE APPOINTMENT OF DELOITTE & TOUCHE LLP AS OUR INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM FORFISCAL 2020. The Board of Directors recommends a vote FOR the ratification of the appointment of Deloitte & Touche LLP as Big Lots’ independentregistered public accounting firm for the 2020 fiscal year.If any other matter properly comes before the Annual Meeting, common shares represented by proxies will be voted in accordance with the recommendation ofthe Board of Directors on such matters.Only shareholders of record at the close of business on the record date, April 23, 2020, are entitled to notice of and to vote at the Annual Meeting and anypostponement or adjournment thereof.If any nominee named for election as a director is unable to serve or for good cause will not serve, common shares represented by proxies will be voted for suchsubstitute nominee(s) as recommended by Big Lots’ Board of Directors.Please sign exactly as your name(s) appear(s) hereon. When signing as attorney, executor, administrator, or other fiduciary, please give full title as such. JointOwners should each sign personally. If a corporation, partnership or other entity, please sign in full entity name by authorized officer.2. APPROVAL OF THE BIG LOTS 2020 LONG-TERM INCENTIVE PLAN. The Board of Directors recommends a vote FOR the approval of the Big Lots 2020Long-Term Incentive Plan.07) Thomas A. Kingsbury08) Christopher J. McCormick09) Nancy A. Reardon10) Wendy L. Schoppert11) Bruce K. ThornD16089-P40855! ! !ForAllWithholdAllFor AllExceptFor Against Abstain! ! !! ! !! ! !To withhold authority to vote for any individualnominee(s), mark "For All Except" and write thenumber(s) of the nominee(s) on the line below.ATTN: GENERAL COUNSEL4900 EAST DUBLIN-GRANVILLE ROADCOLUMBUS, OH 43081VOTE BY INTERNETBefore The Meeting - Go to www.proxyvote.comUse the Internet to transmit your voting instructions and for electronic deliveryof information up until 11:59 P.M. EDT on June 9, 2020. Have your proxy cardin hand when you access the web site and follow the instructions to obtain yourrecords and to create an electronic voting instruction form.During The Meeting - Go to www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/BIG2020You may attend the meeting via the Internet and vote during the meeting. Havethe information that is printed in the box marked by the arrow available andfollow the instructions.VOTE BY PHONE - 1-800-690-6903Use any touch-tone telephone to transmit your voting instructions up until11:59 P.M. EDT on June 9, 2020. Have your proxy card in hand when you calland then follow the instructions.VOTE BY MAILMark, sign and date your proxy card and return it in the postage-paidenvelope we have provided or return it to Vote Processing, c/o Broadridge,51 Mercedes Way, Edgewood, NY 11717. TABLE OF CONTENTS D16090-P40855Important Notice Regarding the Availability of Proxy Materials for the Annual Meeting ofShareholders of Big Lots, Inc. To Be Held on June 10, 2020:Big Lots, Inc.'s Notice of Annual Meeting of Shareholders and Proxy Statement and Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended February 1, 2020 are available at www.proxyvote.com.PLEASE SIGN AND DATE ON THE REVERSE SIDEBIG LOTS, INC.Proxy Solicited on Behalf of the Board of Directorsfor the June 10, 2020Annual Meeting of ShareholdersThe individual(s) signing on the reverse side of this proxy card as a shareholder or an attorney, executor, administrator, authorized officer or other fiduciary of the shareholder (collectively referred to as the "Owner") hereby appoint(s) Bruce K. Thorn, Jonathan E. Ramsden and Ronald A. Robins, Jr., and each of them, with full power of substitution, as proxies for the Owner to attend the Annual Meeting of Shareholders of Big Lots, Inc. ("Big Lots"), to be held virtually atwww.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/BIG2020, at 9:00 a.m. EDT on June 10, 2020, and at any postponement or adjournment thereof, and to vote and act with respect to all common shares of Big Lots which the Owner would be entitled to vote, with all the power the Owner would possess if present in person, as indicated on the reverse side of this proxy card.This proxy, when properly executed, will be voted in the manner specified by the Owner. If the Owner does not specify a choice as to a proposal, excluding broker non-votes, the above-named proxies will vote the common shares: (i) FOR the election of each of the nominees named on the reverse side of this proxy card (Proposal One); (ii) FOR the approval of the Big Lots 2020 Long-Term Incentive Plan (Proposal Two); (iii) FOR the approval of the compensation of Big Lots' named executive officers, as disclosed in the Proxy Statement pursuant to Item 402 of Regulation S-K, including the Compensation Discussion and Analysis, compensation tables and the narrative discussion accompanying the tables (Proposal Three); and (iv) FOR the ratification of Deloitte & Touche LLP as Big Lots' independent registered public accounting firm for fiscal 2020 (Proposal Four). If any nominee named for the election as a director is unable to serve or for good cause will not serve, this proxy will be voted by the above-named proxies for such substitute nominee(s) as recommended by Big Lots' Board of Directors. The above-named proxies will vote the common shares in accordance with the recommendations of Big Lots' Board of Directors on such other business as may properly come before the Annual Meeting of Shareholders. The Owner acknowledges receipt of the accompanying Notice of Annual Meeting of Shareholders and Proxy Statement for the June 10, 2020 meeting and the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended February 1, 2020.