DEF 14A 1 biglots_def14a.htm DEFINITIVE PROXY STATEMENT SCHEDULE 14A (Rule 14a-101) INFORMATION REQUIRED IN PROXY STATEMENT SCHEDULE 14A INFORMATION Proxy Statement Pursuant to Section 14(a) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 (Amendment No. ) Filed by the Registrant [X]
Filed by a Party other than the Registrant [ ]
Check the appropriate box:
[ ] | Preliminary Proxy Statement | [ ] | Soliciting Material Under Rule 14a-12
[ ] | Confidential, For Use of the Commission Only (as permitted by Rule 14a-6(e)(2))
[X] | Definitive Proxy Statement
[ ] | Definitive Additional Materials Big Lots, Inc.
(Name of Registrant as Specified In Its Charter)
(Name of Person(s) Filing Proxy Statement, if Other Than the Registrant) Payment of Filing Fee (Check the appropriate box):
[X] | No fee required.
[ ] | Fee computed on table below per Exchange Act Rules 14a-6(i)(4) and 0-11.
1) | Title of each class of securities to which transaction applies:
2) | Aggregate number of securities to which transaction applies:
3) | Per unit price or other underlying value of transaction computed pursuant to Exchange Act Rule 0-11 (set forth the amount on which the filing fee is calculated and state how it was determined):
4) | Proposed maximum aggregate value of transaction:
5) | Total fee paid:
[ ] | Fee paid previously with preliminary materials:
[ ] | Check box if any part of the fee is offset as provided by Exchange Act Rule 0-11(a)(2) and identify the filing for which the offsetting fee was paid previously. Identify the previous filing by registration statement number, or the form or schedule and the date of its filing.
1) | Amount previously paid:
2) | Form, Schedule or Registration Statement No.:
3) | Filing Party:
4) | Date Filed: Big Lots, Inc. 300 Phillipi Road Columbus, Ohio 43228 April 16, 2013 Dear Shareholder: We cordially invite you to attend the 2013
Annual Meeting of Shareholders of Big Lots, Inc. The Annual Meeting will be held
at our corporate offices located at 300 Phillipi Road, Columbus, Ohio, on May
30, 2013, beginning at 9:00 a.m. EDT. The following pages contain the Notice of
Annual Meeting of Shareholders and the Proxy Statement. You should review this
material for information concerning the business to be conducted at the Annual
Meeting. Your vote is important. Whether or not you
plan to attend the Annual Meeting, you are urged to vote as soon as possible. If
you attend the Annual Meeting, you may revoke your proxy and vote in person,
even if you have previously submitted a proxy. We have elected to take advantage of
Securities and Exchange Commission rules that allow us to furnish proxy
materials to certain shareholders on the Internet. On or about the date of this
letter, we began mailing a Notice of Internet Availability of Proxy Materials to
shareholders of record at the close of business on April 1, 2013. At the same
time, we provided those shareholders with access to our online proxy materials
and filed our proxy materials with the Securities and Exchange Commission. We
believe furnishing proxy materials to our shareholders on the Internet will
allow us to provide our shareholders with the information they need, while
lowering the costs of delivery of our proxy materials and reducing the
environmental impact of the Annual Meeting. Thank you for your ongoing support of, and
continued interest in, Big Lots, Inc. Respectfully submitted,
STEVEN S. FISHMAN
Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President Big Lots, Inc. 300 Phillipi Road Columbus, Ohio 43228 NOTICE OF ANNUAL MEETING OF
SHAREHOLDERS TO BE HELD MAY 30, 2013 Notice is hereby given that the 2013
Annual Meeting of Shareholders of Big Lots, Inc. will be held at our corporate
offices located at 300 Phillipi Road, Columbus, Ohio, on May 30, 2013, beginning
at 9:00 a.m. EDT, for the following purposes: 1. | To elect nine directors of Big Lots, Inc.;
2. | To approve, on an advisory basis, the compensation of our named executive officers, as disclosed in our 2013 Proxy Statement pursuant to Item 402 of Regulation S-K, including the Compensation Discussion and Analysis, compensation tables and the narrative discussion accompanying the tables;
3. | To ratify the appointment of Deloitte & Touche LLP as our independent registered public accounting firm for fiscal 2013; and
4. | To transact such other business as may properly come before the Annual Meeting. Only shareholders of record at the close
of business on the record date, April 1, 2013, are entitled to notice of and to
vote at the Annual Meeting and any postponement or adjournment thereof. By Order of the Board of Directors,
CHARLES W. HAUBIEL II
Executive Vice President, Chief Administrative Officer
and Corporate Secretary April 16, 2013 Columbus, Ohio _______________ Your vote is important. Shareholders
are urged to vote online. If you attend the Annual Meeting, you may revoke your
proxy and vote in person if you wish, even if you have previously submitted a
proxy. BIG LOTS, INC. PROXY STATEMENT TABLE OF CONTENTS ABOUT THE ANNUAL MEETING | 1
PROPOSAL ONE | 4
GOVERNANCE | 7
DIRECTOR COMPENSATION | 12
STOCK OWNERSHIP | 14
EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION | 16
PROPOSAL TWO | 57
AUDIT COMMITTEE DISCLOSURE | 59
PROPOSAL THREE | 61
SHAREHOLDER PROPOSALS | 61
ANNUAL REPORT ON FORM 10-K | 61
PROXY SOLICITATION COSTS | 61
OTHER MATTERS | 62 i Big Lots, Inc. 300 Phillipi Road Columbus, Ohio 43228 ____________________ PROXY
STATEMENT ____________________ This Proxy Statement is furnished in
connection with the solicitation of proxies by the Board of Directors (“Board”)
of Big Lots, Inc., an Ohio corporation (“we,” “us,” “our” and “Big Lots”), for
use at the 2013 Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be held on May 30, 2013
(“Annual Meeting”), at our corporate offices located at 300 Phillipi Road,
Columbus, Ohio at 9:00 a.m. EDT. On or about April 16, 2013, we began mailing to
our shareholders of record at the close of business on April 1, 2013, a Notice
of Internet Availability containing instructions on how to access the Notice of
Annual Meeting of Shareholders, this Proxy Statement and our Annual Report to
Shareholders for the fiscal year ended February 2, 2013 (“fiscal 2012”). ABOUT THE ANNUAL MEETING Purpose of the Annual Meeting At the Annual Meeting, shareholders will
act upon the matters outlined in the Notice of Annual Meeting included with this
Proxy Statement. Specifically, the shareholders will be asked to: (1) elect nine
directors to the Board; (2) approve, on an advisory basis, the compensation of
our named executive officers, as disclosed in this Proxy Statement pursuant to
Item 402 of Regulation S-K, including the Compensation Discussion and Analysis,
compensation tables and the narrative discussion accompanying the tables
(“say-on-pay vote”); (3) ratify the appointment of Deloitte & Touche LLP as
our independent registered accounting firm for the fiscal year ending February
1, 2014 (“fiscal 2013”); and (4) transact such other business as may properly
come before the Annual Meeting. Shareholder Voting Rights Only those shareholders of record at the
close of business on April 1, 2013, the record date for the Annual Meeting, are
entitled to receive notice of, and to vote at, the Annual Meeting. At the record
date, we had outstanding 58,218,482 common shares, $0.01 par value per share.
Each of the outstanding common shares entitles the holder thereof to one vote on
each matter to be voted upon at the Annual Meeting or any postponement or
adjournment thereof. The holders of our common shares have no cumulative voting
rights in the election of directors. All voting at the Annual Meeting will be
governed by our Amended Articles of Incorporation, our Code of Regulations and
the General Corporation Law of the State of Ohio. Registered Shareholders and Beneficial
Shareholders If our common shares are registered in
your name directly with our transfer agent, Computershare Investor Services,
LLC, you are considered, with respect to those common shares, a registered
shareholder. If our common shares are held for you in a brokerage account or by
a bank or other holder of record, you are considered the beneficial shareholder
of the common shares held in street name. - 1 - Internet Availability of Proxy
Materials In accordance with rules adopted by the
Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”), instead of mailing a printed copy of
our proxy materials to each shareholder of record, we are permitted to furnish
our proxy materials, including the Notice of Annual Meeting of Shareholders,
this Proxy Statement and our Annual Report to Shareholders, by providing access
to such documents on the Internet. Generally, shareholders will not receive
printed copies of the proxy materials unless they request them. A Notice of Internet Availability that
provides instructions for accessing our proxy materials on the Internet was
mailed directly to registered shareholders. The Notice of Internet Availability
also provides instructions regarding how registered shareholders may vote their
common shares on the Internet. Registered shareholders who prefer to receive a
paper or email copy of our proxy materials should follow the instructions
provided in the Notice of Internet Availability for requesting such materials. A notice that directs our beneficial
shareholders to the website where they can access our proxy materials should be
forwarded to each beneficial shareholder by the broker, bank or other holder of
record who is considered the registered shareholder with respect to the common
shares of the beneficial shareholder. Such broker, bank or other holder of
record should also provide to the beneficial shareholders instructions on how
the beneficial shareholders may request a paper or email copy of our proxy
materials. Beneficial shareholders have the right to direct their broker, bank
or other holder of record on how to vote their common shares by following the
voting instructions they received from their broker, bank or other holder of
record. To enroll in the electronic delivery
service for future shareholder meetings, use your Notice of Internet
Availability (or proxy card, if you received printed copies of the proxy
materials) to register online at www.proxyvote.com and, when prompted, indicate
that you agree to receive or access shareholder communications electronically in
future years. Attendance at the Annual Meeting All of our shareholders as of the record
date, or their duly appointed proxies, may attend the Annual Meeting.
Registration and seating will begin at 8:30 a.m. EDT, and the Annual Meeting
will begin at 9:00 a.m. EDT. If you attend the Annual Meeting, please note that
you may be asked to present valid picture identification, such as a driver’s
license or passport. Cameras, recording devices and other electronic devices
will not be permitted at the Annual Meeting. Please also note that if you hold
your common shares as a beneficial shareholder, you may be asked to check in at
the Annual Meeting registration desk and present a copy of a brokerage or bank
statement reflecting your beneficial ownership of our common shares as of the
record date. How to Vote After receiving the Notice of Internet
Availability (or proxy card, if you received printed copies of the proxy
materials), registered shareholders are urged to visit www.proxyvote.com to
access our proxy materials. You will have the opportunity to vote your common
shares online at www.proxyvote.com until May 29, 2013 at 11:59 p.m. EDT. When
voting online, you must follow the instructions posted on the website and you
will need the control number included on your Notice of Internet Availability
(or proxy card, if applicable). If, after receiving the Notice of Internet
Availability, you request (via toll-free telephone number, e-mail or online)
that we send you paper or electronic copies of our proxy materials, you may vote
your common shares by completing, dating and signing the proxy card included
with the materials and returning it in accordance with the instructions
provided. If you properly complete your proxy online or you complete, date, sign
and return your proxy card no later than 11:59 p.m. EDT on May 29, 2013, your
common shares will be voted as you direct. If you are a registered shareholder
and attend the Annual Meeting, you may deliver your completed proxy card in
person. A registered shareholder may revoke a
proxy at any time before it is exercised by filing with our Corporate Secretary
a written notice of revocation or duly executing and delivering to the Company a
proxy bearing a later date. A registered shareholder may also revoke a proxy by
attending the Annual Meeting and giving written notice of revocation to the
secretary of the meeting. Attendance at the Annual Meeting will not by itself
revoke a previously granted proxy. - 2 - Beneficial shareholders should follow the
procedures and directions set forth in the materials they should receive from
the broker, bank or other holder of record who is the registered holder of their
common shares to instruct such registered holder how to vote those common shares
or revoke previously given voting instructions. Please contact your broker, bank
or other holder of record to determine the applicable deadlines. Beneficial
shareholders who wish to vote at the Annual Meeting will need to obtain and
provide to the secretary of the meeting a completed form of proxy from the
broker, bank or other holder of record who is the registered holder of their
common shares. Brokers, banks and other holders of record
who hold common shares for beneficial owners in street name may vote such common
shares on “routine” matters (as determined under New York Stock Exchange
(“NYSE”) rules), such as Proposal Three, without specific voting instructions
from the beneficial owner of such common shares. Such brokers, banks and other
holders of record may not, however, vote such common shares on “non-routine”
matters, such as Proposal One and Proposal Two, without specific voting
instructions from the beneficial owner of such common shares. Proxies that are
signed and submitted by such brokers, banks and other holders of record that
have not been voted on “non-routine” matters are referred to as “broker
non-votes.” Broker non-votes will not be counted for purposes of determining the
number of common shares necessary for approval of any matter to which broker
non-votes apply (i.e., broker non-votes will have no effect on the outcome of
such matter). Householding SEC rules allow multiple shareholders
residing at the same address the convenience of receiving a single copy of the
Annual Report to Shareholders, proxy materials and Notice of Internet
Availability if they consent to do so (“householding”). Householding is
permitted only in certain circumstances, including when you have the same last
name and address as another shareholder. If the required conditions are met, and
SEC rules allow, your household may receive a single copy of the Annual Report
to Shareholders, proxy materials and Notice of Internet Availability. Upon
request, we will promptly deliver a separate copy of the Annual Report to
Shareholders, proxy materials and Notice of Internet Availability, as
applicable, to a shareholder at a shared address to which a single copy of the
document(s) was delivered. Such a request should be made in the same manner as a
revocation of consent for householding. You may revoke your consent for
householding at any time by contacting Broadridge Financial Solutions, Inc.
(“Broadridge”), either by calling 1-800-542-1061, or by writing to: Broadridge,
Householding Department, 51 Mercedes Way, Edgewood, New York 11717. You will be
removed from the householding program within 30 days of receipt of your
instructions, at which time you will be sent separate copies of the documents
sent to our shareholders. Beneficial shareholders can request more
information about householding from their brokers, banks or other holders of
record. Tabulation of Votes Tabulation of the votes cast at the Annual
Meeting will be performed by Broadridge, and such tabulation will be inspected
by our duly appointed inspectors of election. Board’s Recommendations Subject to revocation, all proxies that
are properly completed and timely received will be voted in accordance with the
instructions contained therein. If no instructions are given (excluding broker
non-votes), the persons named as proxy holders will vote the common shares in
accordance with the recommendations of the Board. The Board’s recommendations
are set forth together with the description of each proposal in this Proxy
Statement. In summary, the Board recommends a vote: (1) FOR the election of its
nominated slate of directors (see Proposal One); (2) FOR the approval, on an
advisory basis, of the compensation of our named executive officers, as
disclosed in this Proxy Statement pursuant to Item 402 of Regulation S-K,
including the Compensation Disclosure and Analysis, compensation tables and the
narrative discussion accompanying the tables (see Proposal Two); and (3) FOR the
ratification of Deloitte & Touche LLP as our independent registered public
accounting firm for fiscal 2013 (see Proposal Three). If any other matter
properly comes before the Annual Meeting, or if a director nominee named in this
Proxy Statement is unable to serve or for good cause will not serve, the proxy
holders will vote on such matter or for a substitute nominee as recommended by
the Board. - 3 - Quorum The presence, in person or by proxy, of
the holders of a majority of the outstanding common shares entitled to be voted
at the Annual Meeting will constitute a quorum, permitting us to conduct our
business at the Annual Meeting. Proxies received but marked as abstentions and
broker non-votes will be included in the calculation of the number of common
shares considered to be represented at the Annual Meeting for purposes of
establishing a quorum. Vote Required to Approve a Proposal Proposal One Our Corporate Governance Guidelines
contain a majority vote policy and our Amended Articles of Incorporation impose
a majority vote standard. Specifically, Article Eighth of our Amended Articles
of Incorporation provides that if a quorum is present at the Annual Meeting, a
director nominee in an uncontested election will be elected to the Board if the
number of votes cast for such nominee’s election exceeds the number of votes
cast against and/or withheld from such nominee’s election. In all director
elections other than uncontested elections, the nine director nominees receiving
the greatest number of votes cast for their election will be elected as
directors. An “uncontested election” generally means an election of directors at
a meeting of shareholders in which the number of director nominees does not
exceed the number of directors to be elected and with respect to which no
shareholder has submitted to us notice of an intent to nominate a candidate for
election as a director at such meeting in accordance with our Code of
Regulations, or, if such a notice has been submitted with respect to such
meeting, prior to the commencement of the election of directors at such meeting,
each such notice with respect to such meeting has been (1) withdrawn by its
respective submitting shareholder in writing to our Corporate Secretary, (2)
determined not to be a valid and effective notice of nomination, or (3)
determined not to create a bona fide election contest. A properly executed proxy marked as
withholding authority with respect to the election of one or more nominees for
director will not be voted with respect to the nominee or nominees for director
indicated. Broker non-votes will not be considered votes cast for or against or
withheld from a director nominee’s election at the Annual Meeting. See the “Governance – Majority Vote Policy
and Standard” section of this Proxy Statement for more information about our
majority vote policy and standard. Other Matters For purposes of Proposal Two and Proposal
Three, the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the common shares
represented in person or by proxy and entitled to vote on each such matter will
be required for approval. The votes received with respect to Proposal Two and
Proposal Three are advisory and will not bind the Board or us. A properly
executed proxy marked “abstain” with respect to Proposal Two and Proposal Three
will not be voted with respect to such matter, although it will be counted for
purposes of determining the number of common shares necessary for approval of
such matter. Accordingly, an abstention will have the effect of a negative vote
for purposes of Proposal Two and Proposal Three. If no voting instructions are
given (excluding broker non-votes), the persons named as proxy holders on the
proxy card will vote the common shares in accordance with the recommendation of
the Board. PROPOSAL ONE: ELECTION OF DIRECTORS At the Annual Meeting, the common shares
represented by proxies will be voted, unless otherwise specified, for the
election of the nine director nominees named below. All nine nominees are
currently directors on our Board. Proxies cannot be voted at the Annual Meeting
for more than nine persons. Set forth below is certain information
relating to the director nominees, including each nominee’s age (as of the end
of fiscal 2012), tenure as a director on our Board, current Board committee
memberships, business experience and principal occupation for the past five or
more years, the specific experience, qualifications, attributes or skills of
each nominee that led to the conclusion that the nominee should serve as a
director (which are in addition to the general qualifications discussed in the
“Selection of Nominees by the Board” section below), and other public - 4 - company directorships held by each nominee
during the past five years. Directors are elected to serve until the next annual
meeting of shareholders and until their respective successors are elected and
qualified, or until their earlier death, resignation or removal. As previously announced, on December 4,
2012, Steven S. Fishman notified our Board that he intends to retire as our
Chairman, CEO and President upon the appointment of his successor. Our Board has
formed an ad hoc Search Committee for the purpose of identifying a new CEO to
replace Mr. Fishman. The Search Committee has been assisted in its recruitment
efforts by an independent executive search firm that provides research and other
pertinent information regarding potential candidates, and the search process is
ongoing. In connection with his retirement, Mr.
Fishman intends to resign from his positions as CEO and President once his
successor is appointed. However, if that appointment occurs prior to the Annual
Meeting, Mr. Fishman intends to maintain his position on our Board through the
Annual Meeting. In such case, our Board expects Mr. Fishman to resign from our
Board, and our Board expects to appoint his successor to fill the resulting
vacancy. Current Committee Membership
Nominating /
Corporate | Strategic
Director | Audit | Compensation | Governance | Planning | Search
Name | Age | Since | Committee | Committee | Committee | Committee | Committee
Jeffrey P. Berger | 63 | 2006 | ** | ** | **
James R. Chambers | 55 | 2012 | *
Steven S. Fishman | 62 | 2005
Peter J. Hayes | 70 | 2008 | * | *
Brenda J. Lauderback | 62 | 1997 | * | *
Philip E. Mallott | 55 | 2003 | ** | * | *
Russell Solt | 65 | 2003 | ** | *
James R. Tener | 63 | 2005 | * | *
Dennis B. Tishkoff | 69 | 1991 | * ____________________ * | Committee Member
** | Committee Chair Jeffrey P.
Berger is the former Executive Vice
President, Global Foodservice of H.J. Heinz Company (food manufacturer and
marketer), and President and Chief Executive Officer of Heinz North America
Foodservice (food manufacturer and marketer). Mr. Berger is also currently a
director of GNC Holdings, Inc. (health and wellness specialty retailer). The
Board would be well served by the perspective provided by Mr. Berger’s 14 years
of experience as a chief executive of a multibillion dollar company, his service
on another public company board and his qualification as an “audit committee
financial expert,” as defined by applicable SEC rules. James R. Chambers is the President and Chief Operating
Officer of Weight Watchers International, Inc. (weight management services
provider). He previously served as President of the US Snacks and Confectionery
business unit and General Manager of the Immediate Consumption Channel of Kraft
Foods Inc. (food manufacturer). Mr. Chambers also served as President and CEO of
Cadbury Americas (confectionery manufacturer), and as the President and Chief
Executive Officer of Remy Amerique, Inc. (spirits manufacturer). Prior to his
employment with Remy Amerique, Inc., Mr. Chambers served as the Chief Executive
Officer of Paxonix, Inc. (online branding and packaging process solutions
business), as the Chief Executive Officer of Netgrocer.com (online grocery
retailer), and as the Group President of Information Resources, Inc. (global
market research provider). Mr. Chambers spent the first 17 years of his career
at Nabisco (food manufacturer), where he held leadership roles in sales,
distribution, marketing and information technology, culminating in the role of
President, Refrigerated Foods. Mr. Chambers previously served as a director of
B&G Foods (food manufacturer) for seven years where he chaired the - 5 - Nominating and Governance Committee and
served on the Compensation Committee. Mr. Chambers’ extensive cross-functional
packaged goods industry experience and 15 year track record in general
management make him an excellent candidate to serve on the Board. Steven S.
Fishman is the Chairman, Chief Executive
Officer and President of Big Lots. Before joining us in July 2005, Mr. Fishman
served as the President, Chief Executive Officer and Chief Restructuring Officer
of Rhodes, Inc. (furniture retailer that filed for bankruptcy on November 4,
2004); the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Frank’s Nursery & Crafts,
Inc. (lawn and garden specialty retailer that filed for bankruptcy on September
8, 2004); and the President and Founder of SSF Resources, Inc. (investment and
consulting). Mr. Fishman’s strong leadership skills, proven management
capabilities, and more than 36 years of diverse retail experience with discount,
specialty and department store retailers, including 26 years of experience in a
senior executive role, make Mr. Fishman an excellent choice to continue serving
on the Board. Peter J. Hayes is the former Chief Operating Officer of Variety Wholesalers,
Inc. (discount retailer). Mr. Hayes also previously served as the President and
Chief Operating Officer of Family Dollar Stores, Inc. (discount retailer); and
the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of the Gold Circle / Richway divisions
of Federated Department Stores, Inc. (department store retailer). Mr. Hayes’
experience in discount retail, his leadership experience at large corporations
and his qualification as an “audit committee financial expert,” as defined by
applicable SEC rules, make him well suited to continue serving on the
Board. Brenda J.
Lauderback is the former President –
Wholesale Group of Nine West Group, Inc. (footwear retailer and wholesaler). Ms.
Lauderback also previously served as the President – Footwear Wholesale of U.S.
Shoe Corporation (footwear retailer and wholesaler); and the Vice President,
General Merchandise Manager of Dayton Hudson Corporation (department store
retailer). Ms. Lauderback is also currently a director of Denny’s Corporation
(restaurant operator) (where she is the chair of the corporate governance and
nominating committee and a member of the audit committee), Select Comfort
Corporation (bedding manufacturer and retailer) (where she is the chair of the
corporate governance and nominating committee and a member of the compensation
committee), and Wolverine World Wide, Inc. (footwear manufacturer) (where she is
the chair of the governance committee and a member of the audit committee). Ms.
Lauderback previously served as a director of Irwin Financial Corporation (bank
holding company). Ms. Lauderback’s extensive service on the boards of other
public companies and experience in leadership roles with other retailers make
her well-suited to continue serving on the Board. Philip E.
Mallott is the former Vice President and
Chief Financial Officer of Intimate Brands, Inc. (intimate apparel and beauty
product retailer). Mr. Mallott is also currently a director of GNC Holdings,
Inc. (health and wellness specialty retailer) (where he is a member of the audit
committee and compensation committee). Mr. Mallott previously served as a
director of Tween Brands, Inc. (clothing retailer). Mr. Mallott’s qualification
as an “audit committee financial expert,” (as defined by applicable SEC Rules)
his experience as a certified public accountant, his service on the boards of
other public companies and charitable organizations, and his experience in
leadership roles with other retailers led to the conclusion that he would
continue to be a valuable member of the Board. Russell Solt is the former Director of Investor Relations of West Marine,
Inc. (boating supplies and accessories specialty retailer) where he also
previously served as the Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer.
Additionally, Mr. Solt previously served as the Chief Financial Officer of
Venture Stores, Inc. (discount retailer) and Williams-Sonoma, Inc. (home
furnishing and cookware specialty retailer). Mr. Solt’s experience as a
certified public accountant and as the Chief Financial Officer of other
publicly-traded retailers, his background in investor relations and his
qualification as an “audit committee financial expert,” (as defined by
applicable SEC Rules) makes him well-suited to continue serving on the
Board. James R. Tener is the former President and Chief Operating Officer of Brook
Mays Music Company (music retailer and wholesaler that filed for bankruptcy on
July 11, 2006). Mr. Tener also previously served as the Chief Operating Officer
of The Sports Authority (sporting goods retailer). Mr. Tener’s extensive
experience in senior leadership roles of other publicly-traded retailers and
prior service on the board of a privately-held company make him a strong choice
to continue serving on the Board. - 6 - Dennis B.
Tishkoff is the Chairman and Chief
Executive Officer of Drew Shoe Corporation (footwear manufacturer, importer,
exporter, retailer and wholesaler), and the President of Tishkoff and
Associates, Inc. (retail consultant). Mr. Tishkoff previously served as the
President and Chief Executive Officer of Shoe Corporation of America (footwear
retailer). Mr. Tishkoff’s extensive experience in senior management roles of
other retailers and wholesalers, his experience with importing merchandise and
his leadership skills led to the conclusion that he will continue to be a
valuable member of the Board. THE BOARD RECOMMENDS THAT YOU VOTE FOR THE ELECTION OF EACH NOMINEE LISTED ABOVE. GOVERNANCE Board Leadership and Presiding Director The Board is currently comprised of the
individuals identified in Proposal One. Aside from Mr. Fishman, each of the
other nominees are independent (as defined by the applicable NYSE and SEC
rules), non-employee directors (“outside directors”). Mr. Fishman is our Chief
Executive Officer (“CEO”) and serves as Chairman of the Board. The Board also
has a presiding director whose primary responsibility is to lead executive
sessions of the Board at which our CEO and other members of management are not
present. The role of presiding director is rotated quarterly among the outside
directors. The presiding director is responsible for establishing an agenda for
the session over which he or she presides and, upon the conclusion of an
executive session of the Board, meeting with our CEO to address the matters
discussed during the executive session. We believe that the current structure of
the Board provides both independent leadership and the benefits afforded by
having our CEO also serve as Chairman of the Board. As the individual with
primary responsibility for managing our day-to-day operations, our CEO is best
positioned to chair regular Board meetings as we discuss key business and
strategic issues. Coupled with an independent presiding director, this structure
provides independent oversight while avoiding unnecessary confusion regarding
the Board’s oversight responsibilities and the day-to-day management of our
business operations. The Board also believes that Mr. Fishman’s leadership,
integrity and vision have been instrumental in our success and that he has the
ability to execute both the short-term and long-term strategies necessary in the
competitive marketplace in which we operate. Additionally, we have implemented
mechanisms that we believe will ensure that we continue to maintain high
standards of corporate governance and the continued accountability of our CEO to
the Board, including a supermajority of independent outside directors on the
Board, the use of a presiding director, and the appointment of only independent
outside directors to chair and serve on each of our standing Board
committees. Board Meetings in Fiscal 2012 Eleven meetings of the Board were held
during fiscal 2012. During fiscal 2012, each director attended at least 75% of
the aggregate of the total number of meetings of the Board and the committees on
which he or she served (in each case, held during the periods that he or she
served). It is our policy that each director nominee standing for election be
present at the annual meeting of shareholders. Each director named in Proposal
One attended the most recent annual meeting of shareholders held in May 2012.
Under our Corporate Governance Guidelines, each director is expected to dedicate
sufficient time and attention to ensure the diligent performance of his or her
duties, including attending meetings of the shareholders, the Board and the
committees of which he or she is a member. Role of the Board’s
Committees The Board has standing Audit,
Compensation, and Nominating / Corporate Governance Committees. The Board also
has a Strategic Planning Committee. In fiscal 2012, the Board formed the ad hoc
Search Committee. Each committee reports on its activities to the Board. Audit Committee The primary function of the Audit
Committee is to assist the Board in fulfilling its oversight responsibility with
respect to: (1) the integrity of the financial reports and other financial
information provided by us to our shareholders and others; (2) our compliance
with legal and regulatory requirements; (3) the engagement of our - 7 - independent registered public accounting
firm and the evaluation of the firm’s qualifications, independence and
performance; (4) the performance of our system of internal controls; (5) our
audit, accounting and financial reporting processes generally; and (6) the
evaluation of enterprise risk issues. The Audit Committee was established in
accordance with the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (“Exchange
Act”), and each of its members is independent as required by the Audit
Committee’s charter and by the applicable NYSE and SEC rules. The Board has
determined that each member of the Audit Committee is “financially literate,” as
required by NYSE rules, and Messrs. Mallott and Hayes satisfy the standards for
an “audit committee financial expert,” as defined by applicable SEC rules. The functions of the Audit Committee are
further described in its charter, which is available in the Investor Relations
section of our website (www.biglots.com) under the “Corporate Governance”
caption. The Audit Committee met eight times during fiscal 2012. Compensation Committee The Compensation Committee discharges the
responsibilities of the Board relating to the administration of our compensation
programs, including the compensation program for the members of our executive
management committee (“EMC”). The EMC is currently comprised of the five
executives named in the Summary Compensation Table (“named executive officers”)
and other executives holding the office of executive vice president or senior
vice president. The responsibilities of the Compensation
Committee include: (1) establishing our general compensation philosophy; (2)
overseeing the development of our compensation programs; (3) approving goals and
objectives for the incentive compensation awarded to the EMC members; (4)
reviewing and recommending to the Board the other compensation for the non-CEO
EMC members; (5) administering our compensation programs; and (6) reporting on
the entirety of the executive compensation program to the Board. All members of
the Compensation Committee are independent as required by the Committee’s
charter and NYSE rules. The functions of the Compensation
Committee are further described in its charter, which is available in the
Investor Relations section of our website (www.biglots.com) under the “Corporate
Governance” caption. The Compensation Committee met fourteen times during fiscal
2012. Nominating / Corporate Governance
Committee The responsibilities of the Nominating /
Corporate Governance Committee include: (1) recommending individuals to the
Board for nomination as members of the Board and its committees; (2) taking a
leadership role in shaping our corporate governance policies and practices,
including recommending to the Board changes to our Corporate Governance
Guidelines and monitoring compliance with such guidelines; (3) monitoring issues
associated with CEO succession and management development; and (4) reviewing the
compensation of the members of the Board and recommending any changes to such
compensation to the Board for its approval. All members of the Nominating /
Corporate Governance Committee are independent as required by the Committee’s
charter and NYSE rules. The functions of the Nominating /
Corporate Governance Committee are further described in its charter, which is
available in the Investor Relations section of our website (www.biglots.com)
under the “Corporate Governance” caption. The Nominating / Corporate Governance
Committee met three times during fiscal 2012. The Corporate Governance
Guidelines, which comply with NYSE rules, can be found in the Investor Relations
section of our website (www.biglots.com) under the “Corporate Governance”
caption. Strategic Planning Committee The responsibilities of the Strategic
Planning Committee include: (1) assisting the Board and management in strategic
planning; (2) providing guidance to the Board and management in the development
of long-term business objectives and strategic plans; and (3) reviewing the
long-term business objectives and strategic plans developed by management. All
members of the Strategic Planning Committee are independent. The functions of the Strategic Planning
Committee are further described in its charter, which is available in the
Investor Relations section of our website (www.biglots.com) under the “Corporate
Governance” caption. The Strategic Planning Committee meets as it deems
necessary. - 8 - Search Committee In fiscal 2012, the Board formed an ad hoc
Search Committee for the purpose of identifying a new CEO to replace Mr.
Fishman. The Search Committee was assisted in its recruitment efforts by an
independent executive search firm that provides research and other pertinent
information regarding potential candidates. Selection of Nominees by the Board The Nominating / Corporate Governance
Committee has oversight over a broad range of issues relating to the composition
and operation of the Board. The Nominating / Corporate Governance Committee is
responsible for recommending to the Board the appropriate skills and
qualifications required of Board members, based on our needs from time to time.
The Nominating / Corporate Governance Committee also evaluates prospective
director nominees against the standards and qualifications set forth in the
Corporate Governance Guidelines. Although the Nominating / Corporate Governance
Committee has not approved any specific minimum qualifications that must be met
by a nominee for director recommended by the Committee and has not adopted a
policy with regard to the consideration of diversity in identifying director
nominees, the Committee considers factors such as the prospective nominee’s
relevant experience, character, intelligence, independence, commitment,
judgment, prominence, age, and compatibility with our CEO and other members of
the Board. The Nominating / Corporate Governance Committee also considers other
relevant factors that it deems appropriate, including the current composition of
the Board, diversity, the balance of management and independent directors, and
the need for committee expertise. Before commencing a search for a new director
nominee, the Nominating / Corporate Governance Committee confers with the Board
regarding the factors it intends to consider in its search. In identifying potential candidates for
Board membership, the Nominating / Corporate Governance Committee considers
recommendations from the Board, shareholders and management. A shareholder who
wishes to recommend a prospective director nominee to the Board must send
written notice to: Chair of the Nominating / Corporate Governance Committee, Big
Lots, Inc., 300 Phillipi Road, Columbus, Ohio 43228. The written notice must
include the prospective nominee’s name, age, business address, principal
occupation, ownership of our common shares, information that would be required
under the rules of the SEC in a proxy statement soliciting proxies for the
election of such prospective nominee as a director, and any other information
that is deemed relevant by the recommending shareholder. Shareholder
recommendations that comply with these procedures and that meet the factors
outlined above will receive the same consideration that the recommendations of
the Board and management receive. After completing its evaluation of a
prospective nominee, the Nominating / Corporate Governance Committee may make a
recommendation to the Board that the targeted individual be nominated by the
Board. The Board then decides whether to approve the nominee after considering
the recommendation and report of the Nominating / Corporate Governance
Committee. Any invitation to join the Board is extended to a prospective nominee
by the chair of the Nominating / Corporate Governance Committee and our CEO,
after approval by the Board. Pursuant to its written charter, the
Nominating / Corporate Governance Committee has the authority to retain
consultants and search firms to assist in the process of identifying and
evaluating director candidates and to approve the fees and other retention terms
for any such consultant or search firm. No such firm was retained in connection
with the selection of the director nominees proposed for election at the Annual
Meeting. Majority Vote Policy and
Standard Our Amended Articles of Incorporation
impose a majority vote standard in uncontested elections of directors and our
Corporate Governance Guidelines contain a majority vote policy applicable to
uncontested elections of directors. Article Eighth of our Amended Articles of
Incorporation provides that if a quorum is present at the Annual Meeting, a
director nominee in an uncontested election shall be elected to the Board if the
number of votes cast for such nominee’s election exceeds the number of votes
cast against and/or withheld from such nominee’s election. The majority vote
policy contained in our Corporate Governance Guidelines requires any nominee for
director who does not receive more votes cast for such nominee’s election than
votes cast against and/or withheld as to his or her election to deliver his or
her resignation from the Board to the Nominating / Corporate Governance
Committee. See the “About the Annual Meeting - Vote Required to Approve a
Proposal - Proposal One” section of this Proxy Statement for more information
about what constitutes an uncontested election. Broker non-votes have - 9 - no effect in determining whether the
required affirmative majority vote has been obtained. Withheld votes have the
same effect as a vote against a director nominee. Upon its receipt of such
resignation, the Nominating / Corporate Governance Committee will promptly
consider the resignation and recommend to the Board whether to accept the
resignation or to take other action. The Board will act on the recommendation of
the Nominating / Corporate Governance Committee no later than 100 days following
the certification of the shareholder vote. The Nominating / Corporate Governance
Committee, in making its recommendation, and the Board, in making its decision,
will evaluate such resignation in light of the best interests of Big Lots and
our shareholders and may consider any factors and other information they deem
relevant. We will promptly publicly disclose the Board’s decision in a periodic
or current report to the SEC. Determination of Director Independence The Board undertook its most recent annual
review of director independence in March 2013. During this annual review, the
Board considered all transactions, relationships and arrangements between each
director, his or her affiliates, and any member of his or her immediate family,
on one hand, and Big Lots, its subsidiaries and members of senior management, on
the other hand. The purpose of this review was to determine whether any such
transactions or relationships were inconsistent with a determination that the
director is independent in accordance with NYSE rules. As a result of this review, the Board
affirmatively determined that, with the exception of Mr. Fishman, all of the
directors nominated for election at the Annual Meeting and David T. Kollat, who
served as a director during fiscal 2012, are independent of Big Lots, its
subsidiaries and its management under the standards set forth in the NYSE rules,
and no director nominee has a material relationship with Big Lots, its
subsidiaries or its management aside from his or her service as a director. Mr.
Fishman is not an independent director due to his employment by Big
Lots. In determining that each of the directors
other than Mr. Fishman is independent, the Board considered charitable
contributions to not-for-profit organizations of which these directors or
immediate family members are executive officers or directors and determined that
each of the transactions and relationships it considered was immaterial and did
not impair the independence of any of the directors. Related Person
Transactions The Board and the Nominating / Corporate
Governance Committee have the responsibility for monitoring compliance with our
corporate governance policies, practices and guidelines applicable to our
directors, nominees for director, officers and employees. The Board and the
Nominating / Corporate Governance Committee have enlisted the assistance of our
General Counsel’s office and human resources management to fulfill this
responsibility. Our written Corporate Governance Guidelines, Code of Business
Conduct and Ethics, Code of Ethics for Financial Professionals, and human
resources policies address governance matters and prohibit, without the consent
of the Board or the Nominating / Corporate Governance Committee, directors,
officers and employees from engaging in transactions that conflict with our
interests or that otherwise usurp corporate opportunities. Pursuant to our written related person
transaction policy, the Nominating / Corporate Governance Committee also
evaluates “related person transactions.” Consistent with SEC rules, we consider
a related person transaction to be any transaction, arrangement or relationship
(or any series of similar transactions, arrangements or relationships): (1)
involving more than $120,000 in which we and any of our directors, nominees for
director, executive officers, holders of more than five percent of our common
shares, or their respective immediate family members were or are to be a
participant; and (2) in which such related person had, has or will have a direct
or indirect material interest. Under our policy, our directors, executive
officers and other members of management are responsible for bringing all
transactions, whether proposed or existing, of which they have knowledge and
that they believe may constitute related person transactions to the attention of
our General Counsel. If our General Counsel determines that the transaction
constitutes a related person transaction, our General Counsel will notify the
chair of the Nominating / Corporate Governance Committee. Thereafter, the
Nominating / Corporate Governance Committee will review the related person
transaction, considering all factors and information it deems relevant, and
either approve or disapprove the transaction in light of what the Committee
believes to be the best interests of Big Lots and our shareholders. If advance
approval is not practicable or if a related person transaction that has not been
approved is discovered, the Nominating / Corporate Governance Committee will
promptly consider whether to ratify the - 10 - related person transaction. Where advance
approval is not practicable or we discover a related person transaction that has
not been approved and in each such case the Committee disapproves the
transaction, the Committee will, taking into account all of the factors and
information it deems relevant (including the rights available to us under the
transaction), determine whether we should amend, rescind or terminate the
transaction in light of what it believes to be the best interests of our
shareholders and company. We do not intend to engage in related person
transactions disapproved by the Nominating / Corporate Governance Committee.
Examples of factors and information that the Nominating / Corporate Governance
Committee may consider in its evaluation of a related person transaction
include: (1) the reasons for entering into the transaction; (2) the terms of the
transaction; (3) the benefits of the transaction to us; (4) the comparability of
the transaction to similar transactions with unrelated third parties; (5) the
materiality of the transaction to each party; (6) the nature of the related
person’s interest in the transaction; (7) the potential impact of the
transaction on the status of an independent outside director; and (8) the
alternatives to the transaction. Additionally, on an annual basis, each
director, nominee for director and executive officer must complete a
questionnaire that requires written disclosure of any related person
transaction. The responses to these questionnaires are reviewed by the
Nominating / Corporate Governance Committee and our General Counsel to identify
any potential conflicts of interest or potential related person transactions. Based on our most recent review conducted
in the first quarter of fiscal 2013, we have not engaged in any related person
transactions since the beginning of fiscal 2012. Board’s Role in Risk
Oversight The Board and its committees play an
important role in overseeing the identification, assessment and mitigation of
risks that are material to us. In fulfilling this responsibility, the Board and
its committees regularly consult with management to evaluate and, when
appropriate, modify our risk management strategies. While each committee is
responsible for evaluating certain risks and overseeing the management of such
risks, the entire Board is regularly informed about such risks through committee
reports. The Audit Committee assists the Board in
fulfilling its oversight responsibility relating to the performance of our
system of internal controls, legal and regulatory compliance, our audit,
accounting and financial reporting processes, and the evaluation of enterprise
risk issues, particularly those risk issues not overseen by other committees.
The Compensation Committee is responsible for overseeing the management of risks
relating to our compensation programs. The Nominating / Corporate Governance
Committee manages risks associated with corporate governance, related person
transactions, succession planning, and business conduct and ethics. The
Strategic Planning Committee assists the Board and management in managing risks
related to strategic planning. The Public Policy and Environmental Affairs
Committee, a management committee that reports to the Nominating / Corporate
Governance Committee, oversees management of risks associated with public
policy, environmental and social matters that may affect our operations,
performance or public image. Code of Business Conduct and Ethics
& Code of Ethics for Financial Professionals We have a Code of Business Conduct and
Ethics, which is applicable to all of our directors, officers and employees. We
also have a Code of Ethics for Financial Professionals which is applicable to
our principal executive officer, principal financial officer, principal
accounting officer, controller and other persons performing similar functions.
Both the Code of Business Conduct and Ethics and the Code of Ethics for
Financial Professionals are available in the Investor Relations section of our
website (www.biglots.com) under the “Corporate Governance” caption. We intend to
post amendments to or waivers from any applicable provision (related to elements
listed under Item 406(b) of Regulation S-K) of the Code of Business Conduct and
Ethics and the Code of Ethics for Financial Professionals (in each case, to the
extent applicable to our principal executive officer, principal financial
officer, principal accounting officer, controller or persons performing similar
functions), if any, in the Investor Relations section of our website
(www.biglots.com) under the “Corporate Governance” caption. - 11 - Compensation Committee Interlocks and
Insider Participation During fiscal 2012, Mr. Hayes, Mr. Solt,
Mr. Tener and Mr. Tishkoff served on our Compensation Committee. No member of
our Compensation Committee serves or has served at any time as one of our
officers or employees or has or, during fiscal 2012, had a material interest in
any related person transaction, as defined in Item 404 of Regulation S-K. None
of our executive officers serve or, during fiscal 2012, served as a member of
the board of directors or compensation committee of any other company that has
or had an executive officer serving as a member of the Board or our Compensation
Committee. Communications with the Board Shareholders and other parties interested
in communicating directly with the Board, with specified individual directors or
with the outside directors as a group, may do so by choosing one of the
following options: Call: | (866) 834-7325
Write: | Big Lots Board of Directors, 300 Phillipi Road, Columbus, Ohio 43228-5311
E-mail: | http://biglots.safe2say.info Under a process approved by the Nominating
/ Corporate Governance Committee for handling correspondence received by us and
addressed to outside directors, our General Counsel reviews all such
correspondence and forwards to the Board or appropriate members of the Board a
summary and/or copies of any such correspondence that deals with the functions
of the Board, members or committees thereof or otherwise requires their
attention. Directors may at any time review a log of all correspondence received
by us and directed to members of the Board and may request copies of any such
correspondence. Concerns relating to our accounting, internal accounting
controls or auditing matters will be referred to members of the Audit Committee.
Concerns relating to the Board or members of senior management will be referred
to the members of the Nominating / Corporate Governance Committee. Parties
submitting communications to the Board may choose to do so anonymously or
confidentially. DIRECTOR COMPENSATION Under the Big Lots, Inc. Non-Employee
Director Compensation Package established by the Board, each outside director is
compensated for Board and committee participation in the form of retainers and
fees and a restricted stock award. Retainers and Fees The retainers and fees we paid to outside
directors for fiscal 2012 consisted of: (1) an annual retainer of $45,000; (2)
an additional annual retainer of $15,000 for the chair of the Audit Committee;
(3) an additional annual retainer of $10,000 for the chairs of the Compensation
Committee and the Nominating / Corporate Governance Committee; (4) $1,500 for
each Board meeting attended in person; (5) $1,250 for each committee meeting
attended in person; (6) $500 for each Board or committee meeting attended
telephonically; and (7) the ability to nominate one or more charities to receive
from us donations in the aggregate amount of up to $10,000 per outside director.
In fiscal 2012, the members of the Search Committee each received a fee of
$15,000 for their service, and the chair of the Search Committee received an
additional fee of $10,000. No retainers or fees are paid in connection with a
director’s service on the Strategic Planning Committee. During fiscal 2012,
Messrs. Berger, Chambers, Hayes, Kollat, Mallott, Solt, Tener and Tishkoff and
Ms. Lauderback qualified as outside directors and, thus, received compensation
for their Board service. Mr. Chambers was elected to our Board on May 23, 2012,
and Mr. Kollat retired from our Board on the same day. Due to our employment of
Mr. Fishman, he did not qualify as an outside director and did not receive
compensation for his service as a director. The compensation received by Mr.
Fishman as an employee is shown in the Summary Compensation Table included in
this Proxy Statement. - 12 - Restricted Stock In fiscal 2012, the outside directors also
received a restricted stock award having a grant date fair value equal to
approximately $95,000 (2,598 common shares). The fiscal 2012 restricted stock
awards were made in May 2012 under the Big Lots 2012 Long-Term Incentive Plan
(“2012 LTIP”). The restricted stock awarded to the outside directors in fiscal
2012 will vest on the earlier of (1) the trading day immediately preceding the
Annual Meeting or (2) the outside director’s death or disability (as that term
is defined in the 2012 LTIP). However, the restricted stock will not vest if the
outside director ceases to serve on the Board before either vesting event
occurs. Director Compensation Table for Fiscal
2012 The following table summarizes the
compensation earned by each outside director for his or her Board service in
fiscal 2012. Change in
Pension
Value and
Nonqualified
Fees Earned | Non-Equity | Deferred | All
or | Stock | Option | Incentive Plan | Compensation | Other
Paid in Cash | Awards | Awards | Compensation | Earnings | Compensation | Total
Name | ($) | ($) (1)(2) | ($) (3) | ($) | ($) | ($) (4) | ($)
(a) | (b) | (c) | (d) | (e) | (f) | (g) | (h)
Mr. Berger | 86,750 | 94,983 | — | — | — | 10,000 | 191,733
Mr. Chambers | 43,250 | 94,983 | — | — | — | 0 | 138,233
Mr. Hayes | 65,500 | 94,983 | — | — | — | 10,000 | 170,483
Mr. Kollat | 17,500 | — | — | — | — | 10,000 | 27,500
Ms. Lauderback | 71,750 | 94,983 | — | — | — | 10,000 | 176,733
Mr. Mallott | 89,000 | 94,983 | — | — | — | 10,000 | 193,983
Mr. Solt | 68,750 | 94,983 | — | — | — | 10,000 | 173,733
Mr. Tener | 73,250 | 94,983 | — | — | — | 10,000 | 178,233
Mr. Tishkoff | 64,500 | 94,983 | — | — | — | 0 | 159,483 ____________________ (1) | Amounts in this column reflect the aggregate grant date fair value of the restricted stock awards granted to the outside directors in fiscal 2012 as computed in accordance with Financial Accounting Standards Board Accounting Standards Codification Topic 718 (“ASC 718”), excluding the effect of any estimated forfeitures. The full grant date fair value of the fiscal 2012 restricted stock award granted to each outside director (excluding Mr. Kollat), as computed in accordance with ASC 718, was based on individual awards of 2,598 common shares at a per common share value of $36.56 on the grant date (i.e., $94,983 per outside director). In accordance with ASC 718 and the 2012 LTIP, the per common share grant date value is the average of the opening price and the closing price of our common shares on the NYSE on the grant date.
(2) | As of February 2, 2013, each individual included in the table (excluding Mr. Kollat) held 2,598 shares of restricted stock.
(3) | Prior to fiscal 2008, the outside directors received an annual stock option award under the Big Lots, Inc. Amended and Restated Director Stock Option Plan (“Director Stock Option Plan”). The Director Stock Option Plan was terminated on May 30, 2008 and no stock option awards were granted to any outside directors in fiscal 2012. As of February 2, 2013, each individual included in the table held stock options to purchase the following number of common shares: Mr. Berger: 0; Mr. Chambers: 0; Mr. Hayes: 0; Mr. Kollat: 0; Ms. Lauderback: 0; Mr. Mallott: 25,000; Mr. Solt: 0; Mr. Tener: 15,000; and Mr. Tishkoff: 0.
(4) | Amounts in this column reflect payments made by us during fiscal 2012 to charitable organizations nominated by the specified directors pursuant to the Big Lots, Inc. Non-Employee Director Compensation Package. - 13 - STOCK OWNERSHIP Ownership of Our Common Shares by
Certain Beneficial Owners and Management The following table sets forth certain
information with regard to the beneficial ownership of our common shares by each
holder of more than five percent of our common shares, each director, each of
the executive officers named in the Summary Compensation Table, and all our
executive officers and directors as a group. The assessment of holders of more
than five percent of our common shares is based on a review of and reliance upon
their respective filings with the SEC. Except as otherwise indicated, all
information is as of March 13, 2013. Name of Beneficial | Amount and Nature of | Percent of
Owner or Identity of | Beneficial Ownership | Outstanding
Group | (1) | Common Shares
Lisa M. Bachmann | 280,313 | *
Jeffrey P. Berger | 15,790 | *
James R. Chambers | 2,598 | *
Joe R. Cooper | 194,063 | *
Steven S. Fishman | 805,318 | 1.3%
Peter J. Hayes | 8,140 | *
Charles W. Haubiel II | 183,125 | *
Timothy A. Johnson | 121,306 | *
Brenda J. Lauderback | 13,000 | *
Philip E. Mallott | 40,290 | *
John C. Martin | 123,575 | *
Russell Solt | 11,365 | *
James R. Tener | 33,790 | *
Dennis B. Tishkoff | 16,399 | *
Doug R. Wurl | 8,750 | *
Sasco Capital, Inc. (2) | 4,844,655 | 8.4%
The Vanguard Group, Inc. (3) | 4,132,210 | 7.1%
Scopia Capital Management, LLC (4) | 3,883,812 | 6.7%
Lazard Asset Management LLC (5) | 3,509,655 | 6.1%
LSV Asset Management (6) | 3,323,698 | 5.6%
Capital Research Global Investors (7) | 3,286,200 | 5.7%
All directors and executive officers as a group (20 persons) | 2,156,288 | 3.7% ____________________ * | Represents less than 1.0% of the outstanding common shares.
(1) | Each person named in the table has sole voting power and sole dispositive power with respect to all common shares shown as beneficially owned by such person, except as otherwise stated in the footnotes to this table. The amounts set forth in the table include common shares that may be acquired within 60 days of March 13, 2013 under stock options exercisable within that period. The number of common shares that may be acquired within 60 days of March 13, 2013 under stock options exercisable within that period are as follows: Ms. Bachmann: 190,313; Mr. Berger: 0; Mr. Chambers: 0; Mr. Cooper: 104,063; Mr. Fishman: 307,510; Mr. Hayes: 0; Mr. Haubiel: 73,125; Mr. Johnson: 44,875; Ms. Lauderback: 0; Mr. Mallott: 25,000; Mr. Martin: 38,125; Mr. Solt: 0; Mr. Tener: 15,000; Mr. Tishkoff: 0; Mr. Wurl: 8,750; and all directors and executive officers as a group: 970,511. - 14 - (2) | In its Schedule 13G/A filed on February 14, 2013, Sasco Capital, Inc., 10 Sasco Hill Road, Fairfield, CT 06824, stated that it beneficially owned the number of common shares reported in the table as of December 31, 2012, had sole voting power over 1,805,035 of the shares, had sole dispositive power over all of the shares, and had no shared voting power or shared dispositive power over the shares.
(3) | In its Schedule 13G/A filed on February 11, 2013, The Vanguard Group, Inc., 100 Vanguard Blvd., Malvern, PA 19355, stated that it beneficially owned the number of common shares reported in the table as of December 31, 2012, had sole voting power over 86,751 of the shares, had sole dispositive power over 4,048,259 of the shares, had shared dispositive power over 83,951 of the shares, and had no shared voting power over the shares. In its Schedule 13G/A, this reporting person indicated that its wholly-owned subsidiaries, Vanguard Fiduciary Trust Company and Vanguard Investments Australia, Ltd., were the beneficial owners of 83,951 and 2,800 common shares, respectively.
(4) | In its Schedule 13G filed on February 14, 2013, Scopia Capital Management LLC, 152 West 57 th Street, 33 rd Floor, New York, NY 10019, stated that it, Matthew Sirovich and Jeremy Mindich beneficially owned the number of common shares reported in the table as of December 31, 2012, had no sole voting power or dispositive power over the shares, and had shared voting power and shared dispositive power over all of the shares.
(5) | In its Schedule 13G filed on February 14, 2013, Lazard Asset Management LLC, 30 Rockefeller Plaza, New York, NY 10112, stated that it beneficially owned the number of common shares reported in the table as of December 31, 2012, had sole voting power over 592,767 of the shares, had sole dispositive power over all the shares, and had no shared voting power or shared dispositive over the shares.
(6) | In its Schedule 13G filed on February 13, 2013, LSV Asset Management, 155 North Wacker Drive, Suite 4600, Chicago, IL 60606, stated that it beneficially owned the number of common shares reported in the table as of December 31, 2012, had sole voting power and sole dispositive power over all of the shares, and had no shared voting power or shared dispositive power over the shares.
(7) | In its Schedule 13G filed on February 12, 2013, Capital Research Global Investors, 333 South Hope Street, Los Angeles, CA 90071, stated that it beneficially owned the number of common shares reported in the table as of December 31, 2012, had sole voting power and sole dispositive power over all of the shares, and had no shared voting power or shared dispositive power over the shares. Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership
Reporting Compliance Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act requires
our directors and executive officers, and persons who beneficially own more than
10% of our outstanding common shares, to file with the SEC and the NYSE initial
reports of ownership and reports of changes in ownership of our common shares.
Executive officers, directors and greater than 10% shareholders are required by
the regulations of the SEC to furnish us with copies of all Section 16(a)
reports they file. Based upon a review of filings with the SEC and written
representations that no other reports were required, we believe that all of our
directors and executive officers and greater than 10% shareholders complied
during fiscal 2012 with the reporting requirements of Section 16(a) of the
Exchange Act, except Michael A. Schlonsky who filed a Form 5 on March 8, 2013 to
report holdings that were inadvertently not disclosed on the Form 3 filed on
August 30, 2012 with respect to Mr. Schlonsky; and Mr. Tishkoff who filed a Form
5 on March 8, 2013 to report a September 28, 2011 transaction that was
inadvertently not previously reported on Form 5. - 15 - EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION Compensation Committee Report The Compensation Committee reviewed and
discussed the following Compensation Discussion and Analysis (“CD&A”) with
management and, based on such review and discussion, the Compensation Committee
recommended to the Board that the CD&A be included in this Proxy Statement
and our Annual Report on Form 10-K for fiscal 2012 (“Form 10-K”). Members of the Compensation Committee Russell Solt, Chair Peter J. Hayes Dennis B. Tishkoff Compensation Discussion and
Analysis Overview of Our Executive
Compensation Program Introduction This CD&A describes our executive
compensation program for fiscal 2012 and certain elements of our executive
compensation program for fiscal 2013. We use our executive compensation program
to attract, motivate and retain the leaders of our business. In particular, this
CD&A explains how the Board and the Compensation Committee of the Board
(which we refer to as the “Committee” in this CD&A) made its compensation
decisions for our named executive officers, who, for fiscal 2012, were: Mr. Fishman, our Chairman, CEO and
 President; Mr. Johnson, our Senior Vice President, Chief
 Financial Officer; Mr. Martin, our Executive Vice President, Chief
 Merchandising Officer; Ms. Bachmann, our Executive Vice President, Chief
 Operating Officer; Mr. Cooper, our Executive Vice President and
 President, Big Lots Canada, Inc.; Mr. Haubiel, our Executive Vice President, Chief
 Administrative Officer and Corporate Secretary; and Mr. Wurl, our former Executive Vice President,
 Merchandising. Mr. Cooper served as our Chief Financial
Officer until Mr. Johnson assumed that position on August 23, 2012. On August
23, 2012, Ms. Bachmann was promoted from Executive Vice President, Supply Chain
Management and Chief Information Officer to Executive Vice President, Chief
Operating Officer, and Mr. Haubiel was promoted from Executive Vice President,
Legal and Real Estate, General Counsel and Corporate Secretary to Executive Vice
President, Chief Administrative Officer and Corporate Secretary. On August 23,
2012, Mr. Martin was promoted from Executive Vice President, Administration to
Executive Vice President, Chief Merchandising Officer. On August 22, 2012, Mr.
Wurl resigned as Executive Vice President, Merchandising. Executive Summary Our executive compensation program is
designed to: attract and retain executives by paying them
 amounts and offering them elements of compensation that are competitive with and comparable to those paid and
 offered by most companies in our peer group; motivate our executives to contribute to our
 long-term success and reward them for their performance; and align the interests of our executives and
 shareholders through incentive-based compensation. - 16 - We believe that our executives should have
a significant portion of their compensation tied to our performance and that the
proportion of the at-risk incentive compensation they receive should increase as
the executive’s level of responsibility increases. The emphasis that we place on
“pay for performance” is evidenced by the fact that 84.7% of the total
compensation awarded to our named executive officers for fiscal 2012 was at-risk
incentive compensation comprised of bonus opportunities and equity compensation.
The Committee believes the bonus and equity award elements of our executive
compensation program create a strong link between pay and performance because
they result in executives receiving higher compensation in years in which we are
successful and lower compensation in less successful years. Our financial performance in fiscal 2012
did not meet our expectations. As a result of such performance and the emphasis
that our executive compensation program places on pay for performance, the
actual compensation realized by our named executive officers in fiscal 2012 was
significantly lower than the total potential compensation awarded to our named
executive officers for fiscal 2012. For example, we did not achieve the
operating profit required for our named executive officers to earn bonuses for
fiscal 2012 under the Big Lots 2006 Bonus Plan (“2006 Bonus Plan”). Accordingly,
the named executive officers did not receive bonuses for fiscal 2012. Additionally, Mr. Fishman’s fiscal 2012
performance-based restricted stock award did not vest and, as a result, was
forfeited. Mr. Fishman’s fiscal 2012 performance-based restricted stock award
was part of the retention agreement entered into between Mr. Fishman and us in
March 2010, when the Committee and the other outside directors concluded that
Mr. Fishman’s continued leadership and extraordinary contributions were
important to our future performance due to our record growth and shareholder
return during his tenure with Big Lots and his vision for our future. Based on
that determination, the Committee and the other outside directors believed it
was in the best interests of Big Lots and our shareholders for Big Lots to enter
into the retention agreement with Mr. Fishman to better assure the continuing
service of Mr. Fishman so that he could continue to (1) strengthen our business
performance and prospects for our continued growth, (2) return value to our
shareholders and (3) implement our succession plans. The Committee structured
all of the compensation awarded to Mr. Fishman under the retention agreement as
at-risk incentive compensation to strengthen the alignment between Mr. Fishman’s
pay and our performance. Mr. Fishman’s fiscal 2012 performance-based equity
award under the retention agreement would have vested if (1) we had achieved the
operating profit goal established at the beginning of fiscal 2012 and (2) Mr.
Fishman remained employed by us on March 31, 2013. Our fiscal 2012 operating
profit performance did not satisfy the goal and, as a result, Mr. Fishman’s
fiscal 2012 performance-based restricted stock award did not vest and was
forfeited. We believe that the forfeiture of Mr. Fishman’s 2012
performance-based restricted stock award under his retention agreement further
demonstrates the alignment between pay and performance under our executive
compensation program. On December 4, 2012, Mr. Fishman notified
our Board that he intends to retire as our Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and
President upon the appointment of his successor. Accordingly, Mr. Fishman will
continue to receive his salary and bonus opportunity until his retirement,
without an increase for fiscal 2013, and he was not granted any new equity
compensation during our annual review of executive compensation in March 2013. Pay for Performance One of the key principles of our executive
compensation philosophy is that an executive compensation program should
encourage high levels of corporate and individual performance by motivating
executives to continually improve our business in order to promote sustained
profitability and enhanced shareholder value. We believe our executive
compensation program effectively implements our pay for performance philosophy
as the value of bonus opportunities and equity awards under the program depends
upon our financial performance and/or the price of our common shares. The key components we use to evaluate the
performance of our named executive officers have been our operating profit and
earnings per share. We believe that our operating profit is an important
financial measure, as it reflects top-line sales and expense control, and when
used year-over-year, promotes our long-term financial health. Additionally, the
at-risk incentive compensation that we award in the form of equity is
significantly impacted by the price of our common shares and our earnings per
share. While our earnings per share and operating profit have generally
increased in recent years, we experienced a slight decline in our operating
profit in fiscal 2011 and we underperformed under both measures to a greater
degree in fiscal 2012; consequently, Mr. Fishman’s realized compensation
decreased in fiscal 2011 and fiscal 2012. - 17 - The pay for performance chart below
presents for each of fiscal 2010, fiscal 2011 and fiscal 2012: (1) our total
shareholder return (“TSR”) indexed to our fiscal 2009 year end stock price of
$28.41 on January 30, 2010; (2) our earnings per common share – diluted from
continuing operations; (3) our operating profit; (4) the total compensation of
our CEO as reported in our Summary Compensation Table; and (5) the total
compensation realized by our CEO (“CEO Realized Compensation”) in each such
fiscal year. The CEO Realized Compensation for each
fiscal year presented in the pay for performance chart is equal to the sum of:
(1) the base salary earned by our CEO during the fiscal year; (2) the bonus
earned by our CEO in the fiscal year under the award granted to him pursuant to
the 2006 Bonus Plan for such fiscal year (as reported in the “Non-Equity
Incentive Plan Compensation” column of our Summary Compensation Table for the
fiscal year); and (3) if the restricted stock award granted to our CEO pursuant
to the Big Lots 2005 Long-Term Incentive Plan (“2005 LTIP”) for such fiscal year
vested as a result of our performance during the year, the aggregate market
price of the common shares underlying the restricted stock award on the vesting
date (as reported in the “Stock Awards–Value Realized on Vesting” column of the
Option Exercises and Stock Vested table for the subsequent fiscal year). The
Committee believes total realized compensation is more useful for comparing pay
and performance than the information reported in the Summary Compensation Table
because total realized compensation increases or decreases depending on our
actual results and fluctuations in the price of our common shares. Company Performance and CEO Total
Compensation in Fiscal 2010 - 2012 ____________________
(1) | “Indexed Total Shareholder Return” represents the value of a hypothetical $100 investment in our common shares at January 30, 2010 through the end of each fiscal year shown. Summary of Significant Compensation
Events in Fiscal 2012 and Fiscal 2013 None of our named executive officers earned
 bonuses for fiscal 2012 because we did not achieve our operating profit goal for fiscal 2012; Mr. Fishman forfeited his performance-based
 restricted stock award for fiscal 2012 because the applicable performance goal was not achieved; and - 18 - Mr. Fishman notified our Board in December 2012
 that he intends to retire upon the appointment of his successor. Therefore, Mr. Fishman did not receive a base salary
 increase or bonus opportunity increase for
 fiscal 2013, and he was not granted any new equity awards as part of our
 review of executive compensation in March
 2013. Committee Consideration of the
Company’s 2012 Shareholder Vote on Executive Compensation At our 2012 Annual Meeting of
Shareholders, we held a shareholder advisory vote on the compensation of our
named executive officers, as disclosed in our 2012 Proxy Statement (the “2012
say-on-pay vote”). A majority of our shareholders who voted on our 2012
say-on-pay vote voted against the proposal. We did not modify any component of
our executive compensation program for fiscal 2012 in response to the 2012
say-on-pay vote, as the vote occurred after the Committee had established the
elements of our executive compensation program for fiscal 2012. However, before
setting executive compensation for fiscal 2012, the Committee had directed our
management to extend invitations to discuss our executive compensation program
to 14 shareholders representing the beneficial ownership of nearly half of our
outstanding common shares as of December 31, 2011. Four of the shareholders
elected to schedule calls with us in response to our invitation. The reason most
often cited by the shareholders who declined our invitation was that they had no
outstanding concerns or questions regarding our executive compensation program.
The shareholders who chose to participate in calls did not suggest specific
changes to our executive compensation program. The Committee was briefed on the
feedback received during management’s calls with shareholders and after
considering the shareholder vote as well as the shareholder feedback, the
Committee decided to make a significant change to our 2012 LTIP, as presented in
the 2012 Proxy Statement and approved at the 2012 Annual Meeting, by removing
the evergreen provision, which was contained in the 2005 LTIP. In addition, the
Committee engaged Towers Watson, an independent compensation consultant, to
present an overview of executive compensation trends that may be important to
our shareholders and to advise the Committee on all principal aspects of
executive compensation for fiscal 2012. In response to the 2012 say-on-pay vote,
the Committee engaged Exequity LLP, an independent compensation consultant, to
(1) assist the Committee in evaluating the design of our equity awards and the
compensation of both our Board and our EMC members and (2) provide market
information and analysis for both the structure of equity awards and
compensation for both our peer group and our peer group as established by a
proxy advisory service. Philosophy and Objectives of our
Executive Compensation Program We believe it is important to provide
competitive compensation to attract and retain talented executives to lead our
business. We also believe an executive compensation program should encourage
high levels of corporate and individual performance by motivating executives to
continually improve our business in order to promote sustained profitability and
enhanced shareholder value. This philosophy drives our executive compensation
program. Consistent with our philosophy, each of
our named executive officer’s total compensation varies based on his or her
performance, leadership, responsibilities, experience and the achievement of
financial and business goals. To better ensure that our executive compensation
program advances the interests of our shareholders, the value of bonus
opportunities and equity awards under the program depends upon our financial
performance and/or the price of our common shares. As a named executive
officer’s level of responsibility and the potential impact that a named
executive officer could have on our operations and financial condition increase,
the percentage of our named executive officer’s compensation that is at risk
through bonus and equity incentive compensation also increases. The Board and
the Committee periodically review our executive compensation philosophy and
consider factors that may influence a change in our executive compensation
philosophy. Consistent with our executive compensation philosophy, the Committee
has identified the following key objectives for our executive compensation
program: Attract and retain executives by paying them
 amounts and offering them elements of compensation that are competitive with and comparable to those paid and
 offered by most companies in our peer groups. We believe a key factor in attracting and retaining
 qualified executives is to provide total compensation that is competitive with
 the total compensation paid by companies in our compensation “peer groups”
 discussed in the “Comparative Compensation Data” section of this CD&A. In
 addition, we believe most executives who consider changing their employer
 expect to receive amounts and elements of compensation that are comparable to
 those offered by most companies in our peer groups and/or their - 19 - current
employer. Accordingly, we generally do not structure our executive compensation
program to be competitive with the programs of companies outside of our peer
groups (although we may do so to attract a particular candidate who we believe
is well-suited for our business). We believe the amounts and elements of
compensation that we offer make us competitive within our peer groups, and that
offering competitive packages has enabled us in recent years to attract and
retain quality executives. We believe failing to offer competitive amounts and
elements of compensation to candidates and our executives would impair our
ability to attract and retain a high level of executive talent. Each of the
elements of compensation we provide serves a different role in attracting and
retaining executives. Salary serves as a short-term retention
 tool. Bonus under the 2006 Bonus Plan is based on annual
 corporate financial performance and is designed
 primarily to retain executives on a year-to-year basis. Stock options issued under the 2005 LTIP and its
 successor, the 2012 LTIP vest over four years in equal annual increments and provide executives with an incentive to
 remain with us for up to the seven-year term of
 the stock option. Restricted stock awarded to executives under the
 2005 LTIP and 2012 LTIP encourages executives
 to remain with us for up to five years after the award date, as the restricted
 stock generally vests only if (1) we meet a
 corporate financial goal (“first trigger”) and (2) either we meet another more challenging corporate financial goal
 (“second trigger”) or the five-year period
 following the grant date lapses. As discussed in more detail in the
 “Retention Agreement” section of this CD&A,
 the performance-based restricted stock we awarded to Mr. Fishman in fiscal 2012 pursuant to his retention agreement was
 designed to assure us that we would have his
 continued services through March 2013. We believe that the perceived value to the
 executives of the personal benefits and perquisites we offer to them and the convenience of having these benefits when
 faced with the demands of their positions makes
 them a meaningful element of our compensation program. Motivate executives to contribute to our
 success and reward them for their performance. We use the bonus and equity elements of our executive
 compensation program as the primary tools to motivate our executives to continually improve our business in order to
 promote sustainable profitability and enhanced
 shareholder value. These compensation elements provide executives with
 meaningful incentives to meet or exceed the
 corporate financial goals set by our Board each
 year. For an executive to earn a
 bonus under the 2006 Bonus Plan, we must achieve a minimum corporate
 performance amount established by the Committee at a time when achievement of
 that amount is substantially uncertain. Although bonuses will be paid to
 executives under the 2006 Bonus Plan for fiscal years in which we achieve
 minimum or target corporate performance amounts, our executives also have an
 opportunity to earn up to twice the amount of their target bonus compensation
 if we exceed the target corporate performance amount. Conversely, if we do not
 meet the minimum corporate performance amount, executives do not receive a
 bonus under the 2006 Bonus Plan. We believe this structure is essential to
 motivate executives to not only meet the goals we set, but also to surpass
 those goals. Restricted stock
 granted to executives under the 2005 LTIP and 2012 LTIP is a full value award.
 Accordingly, we believe it is appropriate for us to require the achievement of
 a predetermined corporate financial goal (i.e., the first trigger) before
 restricted stock awarded under the 2005 LTIP and 2012 LTIP may vest. We
 believe imposing a performance requirement in the form of a corporate
 financial goal, which is established by the Committee at a time when
 achievement of the goal is substantially uncertain, encourages positive
 performance and protects our shareholders from dilution in the absence of our
 improved performance. As discussed above, restricted stock awarded to our
 executives (other than to Mr. Fishman pursuant to his retention agreement)
 vests on an accelerated basis if we achieve the second trigger. The second
 trigger is established when the award is made, and is typically based on a
 projected multi-year corporate operating plan. The performance-based
 restricted stock - 20 - awarded to Mr. Fishman
 pursuant to his retention agreement also requires that we achieve a
 corporate financial goal; however, if that goal
 is not achieved for the year in which it was established, there is no opportunity for that award to vest based on our
 performance in subsequent years or on Mr. Fishman’s continued employment. Align the interests of executives and
 shareholders through incentive-based compensation. We pay bonuses to executives under the 2006 Bonus Plan only
 if we meet or exceed corporate performance
 goals. Stock options awarded under the 2005 LTIP and 2012 LTIP are valuable
 only if the market price of our common shares
 exceeds the exercise price during the period in which the stock options may be exercised. Restricted stock awarded under the
 2005 LTIP and 2012 LTIP vests only if we
 achieve a corporate performance goal and its value is determined by the market
 price of our common shares. Accordingly, the
 realization and value of each of these elements of compensation is
 dependent upon our performance and/or the
 appreciation in the market value of our common shares. In fiscal 2012, 80.6% of the total
 compensation of our named executive officers was derived from incentive
 compensation in the form of restricted stock and, except for Mr. Fishman,
 stock options, as each is reflected in the Summary Compensation Table. As
 discussed above in the “Executive Summary” section of this CD&A, our named
 executive officers did not receive bonuses for fiscal 2012 under the 2006
 Bonus Plan and Mr. Fishman’s fiscal 2012 performance-based restricted stock
 award did not vest and was forfeited. We believe this demonstrates that our
 executive compensation program is closely aligned with the interests of our
 shareholders. We do not apply a specific formula or set a specific percentage
 at which incentive compensation is targeted or awarded for our named executive
 officers individually or as a group. Rather, the amount of total compensation
 that may be earned by each named executive officer through these forms of
 incentive compensation is subjectively determined based on each named
 executive officer’s level of responsibility and potential impact on our
 operations and financial condition. The percentage of total compensation that
 a named executive officer may earn through these forms of incentive
 compensation generally increases as the executive’s level of responsibility
 and impact on our business increases. Following the end of each fiscal year, we calculate and
 review the “at-risk incentive compensation” awarded to each named executive
 officer in that fiscal year as a percentage of the “total executive
 compensation awarded” to our named executive officer in that fiscal year to
 evaluate how effectively our incentive compensation programs address our
 objective of aligning executive compensation with the interests of our
 shareholders. We compute this calculation as follows: Grant date
At-Risk | At-Risk | fair value of | Grant date fair value | Maximum possible payout under
Incentive | Incentive | = | stock | + | of option awards | + | non-equity incentive plan awards
Compensation | Compensation | awards
as a | =
Percentage of | Change in pension
Total | Total | value and | At-Risk
Executive | Executive | = | Salary | + | nonqualified | + | All other | + | Incentive
Compensation | Compensation | deferred | compensation | Compensation
Awarded | Awarded | compensation
earnings The components of at-risk incentive compensation are the
potential values to our named executive officer upon award, as reflected in the
Grants of Plan-Based Awards in Fiscal 2012 table following this CD&A. The
components of the total executive compensation awarded (other than at-risk
incentive compensation) are the amounts actually earned by the named executive
officer, as reflected in the Summary Compensation Table following this CD&A. - 21 - The
following graph illustrates the total at-risk incentive compensation for each of
our named executive officers as a percentage of the total executive compensation
awarded for fiscal 2012: Percentage of At-Risk Incentive
Compensation As reflected in the above
 graph, a significant portion (88.5% for Mr. Fishman and 81.5% for our other named executive officers) of total executive
 compensation awarded to our named executive officers is at-risk incentive compensation which we believe exemplifies
 the emphasis of our executive compensation
 program on “pay for performance.” In rewarding performance through at-risk
 incentive compensation, we believe we align the
 interests of our executives with those of our shareholders. Manage executive compensation
 costs. As we discuss in
 greater detail in the “Comparative Compensation Data” section of this
 CD&A, we compare the compensation paid to
 our executives with the compensation paid to similarly-situated executives at companies within our peer groups. While this
 comparison is not a determinative factor for setting compensation for our executives, we believe our review of the
 peer group data provides a market check and
 supports our belief that we do not overpay our executives and we effectively
 manage our executive compensation costs. Focus on corporate
 governance. Although the
 compensation committees of some companies make all compensation decisions
 with respect to their executives, we believe it
 is consistent with best practices in corporate governance to reach a consensus among all outside directors when
 establishing executive compensation each year. While the Committee takes the lead in formulating executive
 compensation, we seek the approval of our five
 additional outside directors before finalizing annual executive compensation
 to provide an additional check on the
 appropriateness of the amounts awarded. Elements of In-Service Executive
Compensation The primary compensation elements we
provide to our named executive officers are salary, bonus opportunities under
the 2006 Bonus Plan, equity awards made under the 2005 LTIP or its successor,
the 2012 LTIP. In addition, our named executive officers are entitled to certain
personal benefits and perquisites. We believe each of these individual elements
and the total mix of elements are necessary to provide a competitive executive
compensation program, are consistent with our compensation philosophy and
advance our compensation objectives. - 22 - The Committee reviews each element at
least annually. Individual and corporate performance directly impacts the
elements and amount of compensation paid to our named executive officers. For
instance, a named executive officer’s failure to meet individual goals may lead
to a reduction in his or her compensation, a failure to receive equity awards or
the termination of his or her employment. Conversely, excellent corporate
performance may lead to greater bonus payouts and, possibly, to the achievement
of financial goals that accelerate restricted stock vesting. The Committee and
the other outside directors also have discretion, subject to the limitations
contained in our bonus and equity plans and the executives’ employment
agreements, in setting named executive officers’ salary, bonus opportunities and
equity awards. Salary Salary is cash compensation and is established annually for each named
 executive officer. A minimum salary for each
 named executive officer, except for Mr. Johnson and Mr. Wurl, who are not a
 party to an employment agreement, is set forth
 in his or her respective employment agreement, as described below in the “Elements of In-Service Executive Compensation
 – Employment Agreements” section of this
 CD&A. Salary adjustments are subjectively determined and are not formally
 tied to specific performance criteria. The
 Committee has not adopted any specific schedule of salary increases and makes adjustments to our named executive officers’
 respective salaries without regard to adjustments in the salaries of other executives. Bonus Each named executive officer has the opportunity to earn an annual cash
 bonus under the 2006 Bonus Plan. Bonus payouts
 correspond to a percentage of each named executive officer’s salary
 (“payout percentage”) and are based on whether
 we achieve certain corporate performance amounts under one or more financial measures. The corporate performance amounts
 and financial measures are set annually at the
 discretion of the Committee and the other outside directors in connection with
 the Board’s approval of our annual corporate
 operating plan, subject to the terms of the 2006 Bonus Plan and our named executive officers’ employment
 agreements. The lowest level at which we
 will pay a bonus under the 2006 Bonus Plan is referred to as the “threshold.” A bonus is not paid under the 2006 Bonus Plan
 if we do not achieve at least the corporate
 performance amount that earns a threshold bonus. The level at which we
 generally plan our performance and the
 associated payout under the 2006 Bonus Plan is referred to as the “target.”
 The maximum level at which we will pay a bonus
 under the 2006 Bonus Plan is referred to as the “stretch.” If our performance in a fiscal year exceeds the minimum
 corporate performance amount that earns a
 threshold bonus, there is a corresponding increase in the amount of the bonus
 (up to a maximum at the stretch bonus level).
 Bonuses paid to our named executive officers under the 2006 Bonus Plan
 are considered “Non-Equity Incentive Plan
 Compensation” in the Summary Compensation Table. See the “Bonus and Equity Plans” disclosure that follows the Summary
 Compensation Table for more information
 concerning the 2006 Bonus Plan. Equity All equity awards granted to our named executive officers from January
 1, 2006 through May 23, 2012 were issued under
 the 2005 LTIP and all equity awards granted to our named executive officers
 since May 23, 2012 have been issued under the
 2012 LTIP. Although the 2005 LTIP and 2012 LTIP allow us to issue various types of equity awards, we have granted
 only stock options and restricted stock under the 2005 LTIP and 2012 LTIP. The stock options vest based on the
 passage of time or, if earlier, upon the
 executive’s death or disability (provided such event occurs at least six
 months after the grant date). The
 performance-based restricted stock awarded to Mr. Fishman pursuant to his
 retention agreement vests based on the
 achievement of a corporate financial goal. The restricted stock awarded to the
 other named executive officers vests based on
 the achievement of the first trigger and then the achievement of the second trigger, the passage of time, or the executive’s
 death or disability. See the “Bonus and Equity Plans” disclosure that follows the Summary Compensation Table for more
 information concerning the 2005 LTIP and 2012
 LTIP and the terms under which we have granted equity awards. - 23 - Personal Benefits and
 Perquisites The following are
 the personal benefits and perquisites that are generally provided only to
 employees at or above the vice president level: (1) coverage under the Big
 Lots Executive Benefit Plan (“Executive Benefit Plan”); (2) enhanced long-term
 disability insurance coverage; and (3) use of an automobile or payment of an
 automobile allowance. Mr. Fishman is also permitted to make limited
 non-business use of corporate aircraft. We believe that these personal
 benefits and perquisites, although immaterial to us in amount, are an
 important element of total compensation provided to our executives because of
 the value our executives place on these benefits and the convenience of having
 these benefits when faced with the demands of their positions. The Committee
 evaluates the personal benefits and perquisites received by named executive
 officers during its annual review of our named executive officers’ total
 compensation. We offer all
 full-time employees medical and dental benefits under the Big Lots Associate
 Benefit Plan (“Benefit Plan”). We also offer employees at or above the vice
 president level, including our named executive officers, the opportunity to
 participate in the Executive Benefit Plan, which reimburses executives for
 health-related costs incurred but not covered under the Benefit Plan, up to an
 annual maximum reimbursement of $40,000 per family. Amounts received by named
 executive officers under the Executive Benefit Plan are treated as taxable
 income, and we reimburse each executive the approximate amount of his or her
 income tax liability relating to the benefits received under the Executive
 Benefit Plan. We offer short-term
 disability coverage to all full-time employees and long-term disability
 coverage to all salaried employees. For our named executive officers, the
 benefits provided under the long-term disability plan are greater than for
 employees below the vice president level. Under the long-term disability
 coverage, a named executive officer may receive 67% of his or her monthly
 salary, up to $25,000 per month, until the executive is no longer disabled or
 turns age 65, whichever occurs earlier. We also
 pay the premiums for this long-term disability coverage and the amount
 necessary to hold our named executive officer harmless from the income taxes
 resulting from such premium payments. All employees at or above the vice president level have the option to
 use an automobile or accept a monthly automobile allowance. The value of the
 automobile and the amount of the automobile allowance are determined based on
 the employee’s level. In fiscal
 2012, the Compensation Committee authorized Mr. Fishman to use corporate
 aircraft for up to 120 hours of non-business flights, including any deadhead
 flights associated with his non-business use of corporate aircraft. Given the
 delays associated with early check-in requirements, security clearances,
 baggage claim and the need for additional time to avoid missing a flight due
 to possible delays at any point in the process, commercial travel has become
 even more inefficient in recent years. Accordingly, making the aircraft
 available to Mr. Fishman allowed him to efficiently and securely conduct
 business during both business and non-business flights and to maximize his
 availability to conduct business before and after his flights. In approving
 this benefit, the Committee took into account Mr. Fishman’s extensive travel
 schedule, which, whether primarily for business or non-business purposes,
 frequently included a business element (e.g., visits to our stores or
 potential store locations). We also believe that the value of this benefit to
 Mr. Fishman, in terms of convenience and time savings exceeded the aggregate
 incremental cost that we incurred to make the aircraft available to him and,
 therefore, was an efficient form of compensation for him. We reported imputed
 income for income tax purposes for the value of Mr. Fishman’s non-business use
 of corporate aircraft based on the Standard Industry Fare Level in accordance
 with the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended and including applicable
 rules, regulations and authoritative interpretations thereunder (“IRC”), and
 the regulations promulgated thereunder. We did not reimburse or otherwise
 “gross-up” Mr. Fishman for any income tax obligation attributed to his
 non-business use of corporate aircraft. Employment Agreements Except for Mr. Johnson and Mr. Wurl, each
named executive officer is party to an employment agreement with us. The terms
of the employment agreements are substantially similar and are described
collectively herein except where their terms materially differ. We entered into
the employment agreements because they provide us - 24 - with several protections (including
non-competition, confidentiality, non-solicitation and continuing cooperation
provisions) in exchange for minimum salary levels and target and stretch bonus
payout percentages, potential severance and change in control payments and other
benefits. We negotiated the terms of each employment
agreement, including the minimum salary levels and minimum target and stretch
bonus payout percentages set forth therein, with the executive. In those
negotiations, we considered many factors, including: our need for the services of the executive; the executive’s level of responsibility and the
 potential impact that the executive could have on our operations and financial condition; the skills and past and anticipated future
 performance of the executive; the degree to which we believe the executive will
 be able to help improve our business; the compensation being paid to similarly-situated
 executives at peer group companies; the relationship between the compensation being
 offered to the executive and that being paid to the other EMC members; our perception of our bargaining power and the
 executive’s bargaining power; and to the extent applicable, the elements and amounts
 of compensation being offered or paid to the executive by another employer. Under the terms of their employment
agreements, our named executive officers are each entitled to receive at least
the following salaries, which amounts are not subject to automatic increases:
Mr. Fishman: $1,200,000; Mr. Martin: $520,000; Ms. Bachmann: $440,000; Mr.
Cooper: $440,000; and Mr. Haubiel: $350,000. The terms of each named executive
officer’s employment agreement also establish the minimum payout percentages
that may be set annually for his or her target and stretch bonus levels. The
minimum payout percentages set by the employment agreements for target and
stretch bonuses, respectively, are as follows (expressed as a percentage of the
executive’s salary): Mr. Fishman: 100% and 200%; Mr. Martin: 60% and 120%; Ms.
Bachmann: 60% and 120%; Mr. Cooper: 60% and 120%; and Mr. Haubiel: 50% and 100%. Upon our entry into the employment
agreements with our named executive officers, we believed, based on the
contemporaneous annual executive compensation review completed by the Committee,
the executives’ salaries and payout percentages were commensurate with each
executive’s overall individual performance, job responsibilities, experience,
qualifications and the salaries and payout percentages provided to
similarly-situated executives at peer companies. Because the various factors
considered when evaluating each named executive officer’s salary and payout
percentages change, the Committee annually reviews and, if warranted, adjusts
the actual salaries and payout percentages for our named executive officers. See
the “Salary for Fiscal 2012” and “Bonus for Fiscal 2012” sections of this
CD&A for a further discussion of the salaries and payout percentages for our
named executive officers for fiscal 2012. Each employment agreement requires the
named executive officer to devote his or her full business time to our affairs
and prohibits the named executive officer from competing with us during his or
her employment. Each named executive officer’s employment agreement also
includes several restrictive covenants that survive the termination of his or
her employment, including confidentiality (infinite), non-solicitation (two
years), non-disparagement (infinite), non-competition (one year but reduced to
six months following a change in control), and continuing cooperation (three
years for Mr. Fishman and infinite for the other named executive officers). Unless the executive and we mutually agree
to amend or terminate his or her employment agreement, its terms will remain
unchanged and it will remain effective as long as we employ the executive. The
consequences of termination of employment under the employment agreements depend
on the circumstances of the termination. Retention Agreement At the end of fiscal 2009, the Committee
and the other outside directors considered our performance during Mr. Fishman’s
nearly five prior years as our Chairman, CEO and President. During that period,
we grew our operating profit from $26.8 million in fiscal 2005 to $325 million
in fiscal 2009, and we increased our earnings per share – diluted from
continuing operations from a loss of $0.09 cents per share in fiscal 2005 to a
profit of $2.42 per - 25 - share in fiscal 2009. In addition, as the
TSR chart below shows, we returned value to our shareholders through our stock
price performance shortly before entering into the retention agreement with Mr.
Fishman. The TSR figures below show the annualized rates of return reflecting
the price appreciation of our common shares over a one-year, three-year and
five-year period, ending in fiscal 2009. Annualized TSR as of the end of
fiscal 2009 (January 30, 2010) 1-Year TSR | 3-Year TSR | 5-Year TSR
111% | 3% | 20% Due to our record growth and shareholder
return during Mr. Fishman’s tenure with Big Lots and his vision for our future,
the Committee and the other outside directors determined that Mr. Fishman’s
continued leadership was important to our future performance. Upon the
recommendation of the Committee and the approval of the other outside directors,
we entered into a retention agreement with Mr. Fishman in March 2010. The
Committee and the other outside directors believed it was in the best interests
of Big Lots and our shareholders to enter into the retention agreement to (1)
better assure the continuing undivided loyalty and dedication of Mr. Fishman,
(2) establish a more efficient manner for delivering compensation to Mr. Fishman
and (3) provide tax deductible qualified performance-based compensation. The
Committee and the other outside directors desired to address their retention
objective by delivering additional compensation to Mr. Fishman in an efficient
manner (see the “Equity for Fiscal 2012” section of this CD&A below for more
details on our efficient use of common shares). In order to accomplish this
goal, the Committee considered increasing Mr. Fishman’s cash compensation, but
instead elected to provide in the retention agreement that his equity awards for
fiscal 2010, fiscal 2011 and fiscal 2012 would be made solely in the form of
performance-based restricted stock, which also allowed us to benefit from the
favorable tax treatment applicable to qualified performance-based compensation
(see the “Tax and Accounting Considerations” section of this CD&A for a
further discussion of the deductibility of qualified performance based
compensation). The number of common shares underlying
each performance-based restricted stock award is dependent on our performance
relative to the prior fiscal year’s corporate performance amount as calculated
to determine whether bonuses were earned for the prior fiscal year under the
2006 Bonus Plan, subject to the requirements set forth in the retention
agreement. Our operating profit, as adjusted to remove the effect of unusual or
non-recurring events, transactions and accrual items and any negative discretion
exercised by the Committee, was used to determine the corporate performance
amount for Mr. Fishman’s performance-based restricted stock awards in fiscal
2010, fiscal 2011 and fiscal 2012. See the “Bonus for Fiscal 2012” section of
this CD&A for more information regarding the calculation of the corporate
performance amount. Under the terms of the retention agreement, in the event
that the corporate performance amount in fiscal 2011 was less than the threshold
level corporate performance amount established by the Committee for fiscal 2011,
Mr. Fishman’s fiscal 2012 performance-based restricted stock award was to be
reduced by 5,000 common shares underlying the performance-based restricted stock
award for each one percent by which the corporate performance amount was less
than the threshold level. In the event that our corporate performance amount for
fiscal 2011 was greater than the full stretch level corporate performance amount
established by the Committee for such fiscal year, Mr. Fishman’s fiscal 2012
performance-based restricted stock award was to be increased by 5,000 common
shares underlying the performance-based restricted stock award for each one
percent by which the corporate performance amount was above the stretch level.
In addition, as long as Mr. Fishman was entitled to an annual equity award under
the retention agreement, the number of common shares underlying the fiscal 2012
equity award could not be less than 225,000 or greater than 275,000. For fiscal
2011, the threshold level corporate performance amount established by the
Committee was $375,211,000. Because the corporate performance amount for fiscal
2011 of $364,271,946 was two percent below the corporate performance threshold
level, Mr. Fishman’s fiscal 2012 performance-based restricted stock award
consisted of 240,000 common shares, a reduction of 10,000 common shares from his
fiscal 2011 performance-based restricted stock award. Structuring Mr. Fishman’s fiscal 2010,
fiscal 2011 and fiscal 2012 equity awards solely in the form of
performance-based restricted stock substantially reduced the total number of
common shares underlying those awards compared to the total number of common
shares underlying the equity awards made to him in prior years. For example,
there were 530,000 common shares underlying Mr. Fishman’s fiscal 2009 equity
award, which consisted of 200,000 common shares underlying his restricted stock
award and 330,000 common shares underlying his stock option award. In each of
fiscal 2010 and fiscal 2011, however, there were only 250,000 common shares
underlying - 26 - Mr. Fishman’s equity award which consisted
solely of performance-based restricted stock and in fiscal 2012 there were only
240,000 common shares underlying Mr. Fishman’s equity award which consisted
solely of performance-based restricted stock. Accordingly, the revised equity
award structure established by the retention agreement provided an annual
reduction of 280,000 common shares, or 52.8% for fiscal 2010 and fiscal 2011 and
290,000 common shares, or 54.7% for fiscal 2012, compared to Mr. Fishman’s
fiscal 2009 equity award. Mr. Fishman’s fiscal 2010 and fiscal 2011
performance-based restricted stock awards have vested, as we achieved the
corporate financial goals established at the beginning of each of those fiscal
years and he remained employed by us through the first anniversary of the grant
dates of those awards. Mr. Fishman’s fiscal 2012 performance-based restricted
stock award did not vest, as we did not achieve the corporate performance goal
established at the beginning of fiscal 2012. As a result, Mr. Fishman’s fiscal
2012 performance-based restricted stock award was forfeited in its
entirety. Senior Executive Severance Agreements
and Severance Arrangements We maintain senior executive severance
agreements with many of our key officers. Mr. Johnson is and Mr. Wurl was, a
party to such an agreement. Messrs. Fishman, Martin, Cooper, and Haubiel and Ms.
Bachmann are not a party to such a senior executive severance agreement, but
post-termination and change in control provisions are contained in each of their
respective employment agreements (as discussed in see the following section).
The senior executive severance agreements expire on the anniversary of the date
of execution and are automatically extended for an additional year unless we
provide at least 30 days notice that the agreement will not be extended. The
senior executive severance agreements provide for severance benefits if, within
24 months after a change in control (as defined in the agreements and in the
“Change in Control Described” section of this CD&A), the executive is
terminated by us, other than for cause or a constructive termination, as such
terms are defined in the agreements. The senior executive severance agreements
provide for the following severance benefits: (i) a lump-sum payment equal to
200% of the executive’s then current annual salary and stretch bonus and (ii)
for a period of one year, the executive is entitled to participate in any group
life, hospitalization or disability insurance plan, health program, or other
executive benefit plan that is generally available to similarly titled executive
officers. The executive will become entitled to reimbursement of legal fees and
expenses incurred by the executive in seeking to enforce their rights under the
agreement. Additionally, to the extent that payments to the executive pursuant
to the senior executive severance agreement (together with any other amounts
received by the executive in connection with a change in control) would trigger
the provisions of Sections 280G and 4999 of the IRC, payments under the
agreement shall be increased to the extent necessary to place the executive in
the same after-tax position as the executive would have been if no such excise
tax or assessment had been imposed on any such payment to the executive under
the agreement or any other payment that the executive may receive as a result of
such change in control. The compensation payable on account of a change in
control may be subject to the deductibility limitations of Sections 162(m)
and/or 280G of the IRC. On August 23, 2012, we announced that Mr.
Wurl resigned as Executive Vice President, Merchandising. On September 14, 2012,
we entered into severance agreement with Mr. Wurl. The severance agreement
provides that we pay Mr. Wurl his base salary, car allowance, and medical and
dental benefits, less all applicable deductions for federal, state, and local
taxes, social security, wage withholding and other taxes, through August 22,
2013. All payments to Mr. Wurl are made in the same manner as made during Mr.
Wurl’s employment with us. Post-Termination and Change in Control
Arrangements The employment agreements with our named
executive officers provide for potential severance and change in control
payments and other consideration, and the retention agreement with Mr. Fishman
provides for the accelerated vesting of outstanding restricted stock and other
consideration upon a change in control. The terms of these agreements were
established through negotiation, during which we considered the various factors
discussed above in the “Employment Agreements” and “Retention Agreement”
sections of this CD&A. Our equity compensation plans also provide for the
accelerated vesting of outstanding stock options and restricted stock in
connection with a change in control. The severance provisions of the employment
agreements, Mr. Fishman’s retention agreement and the senior executive severance
agreements are intended to address competitive concerns by providing the
executives with compensation that may alleviate the uncertainty associated with
foregoing other opportunities and, if applicable, - 27 - leaving another employer. The change in
control provisions of the employment agreements dictate that the executive would
receive certain cash payments and other benefits upon a change in control only
if the executive is terminated in connection with the change in control. This
“double trigger” is intended to allow us to rely upon each named executive
officer’s continued employment and objective advice, without concern that the
named executive officer might be distracted by the personal uncertainties and
risks created by an actual or proposed change in control. These potential
payments and benefits provide our named executive officers with important
protections that we believe are necessary to attract and retain executive
talent. The change in control provisions of the retention agreement with Mr.
Fishman dictate that all outstanding restricted stock awards granted thereunder
shall vest as of the date of a change in control. While the Committee considers the
potential payments upon termination or change in control annually when it
establishes compensation for the applicable year, this information is not a
primary consideration in setting salary, bonus payout percentages or equity
compensation amounts. We believe that the objectives of attracting and retaining
qualified executives and providing incentives for executives to continue their
employment with us would not be adequately served if potential payments to a
named executive officer upon termination or change in control were a
determinative factor in awarding current compensation. See the “Potential Payments Upon
Termination or Change in Control” narrative disclosure and tables following this
CD&A for a discussion of compensation that may be paid to our named
executive officers in connection with a change in control or the termination of
their employment with us. Indemnification
Agreements Each named executive officer, except for
Mr. Wurl, is party to an indemnification agreement with us. Each indemnification
agreement provides the named executive officer with a contractual right to
indemnification from us in the event the executive becomes subject to a
threatened or actual claim or lawsuit arising out of his or her service to us,
unless the act or omission of the executive giving rise to the claim for
indemnification was occasioned by his or her intent to cause injury to us or by
his or her reckless disregard for our best interests, and, in respect of any
criminal action or proceeding, he or she had reasonable cause to believe his or
her conduct was unlawful. The indemnification agreements are intended to allow
us to rely upon each named executive officer’s objective advice, without concern
that the named executive officer might be distracted by the personal
uncertainties and risks created by a threatened or actual claim or lawsuit. We
believe that providing our named executive officers with the important
protections under the indemnification agreements is necessary to attract and
retain qualified executives. Retirement Plans We maintain four retirement plans: (1) a
tax-qualified defined contribution plan (“Savings Plan”); (2) a non-qualified
supplemental defined contribution plan (“Supplemental Savings Plan”); (3) a
tax-qualified, funded noncontributory defined benefit pension plan (“Pension
Plan”); and (4) a non-qualified, unfunded supplemental defined benefit pension
plan (“Supplemental Pension Plan”). We believe that the Savings Plan and
Supplemental Savings Plan are generally commensurate with the retirement plans
provided by companies in our peer groups, and that providing these plans allows
us to better attract and retain qualified executives. See the narrative
disclosure accompanying the Nonqualified Deferred Compensation tables following
this CD&A for a discussion of Savings Plan and Supplemental Savings Plan.
Participation in the Pension Plan and Supplemental Pension Plan, which we do not
believe are material elements of our executive compensation program, is limited
to certain employees whose hire date precedes April 1, 1994. Our named executive
officers have not been in the past and are not now eligible to participate in
the Pension Plan or Supplemental Pension Plan. Our Executive Compensation Program
for Fiscal 2012 The Committee takes the lead in
establishing executive compensation annually, but seeks approval of compensation
decisions from the other outside directors. The Committee believes having all
outside directors approve executive compensation is consistent with best
practices in corporate governance. The Committee also requests from our CEO
performance evaluations and recommendations on the compensation of the other EMC
members because of his direct knowledge of the performance and contributions of
each of the other EMC members. Additionally, as - 28 - discussed in more detail below in the
“Role of Management” and “Independent Compensation Consultant” sections of this
CD&A, the Committee consults with management and may engage independent
compensation consultants to take advantage of their specialized
expertise. The process of evaluating our executives
begins at our Board meeting in the second quarter of the fiscal year before the
fiscal year in which compensation adjustments will be made (e.g., in May 2011
for adjustments made in fiscal 2012) and continues quarterly through updates
that our CEO delivers to the outside directors to keep them apprised of the
performance of each other EMC member. At our Committee and Board meetings in the
first quarter of the fiscal year for which compensation is being set (e.g., in
February 2012 for fiscal 2012 compensation), our CEO provides the Committee and
the other outside directors with a thorough performance evaluation of each other
EMC member and presents his recommendations for their compensation. The
Committee also conducts executive sessions to evaluate our CEO’s performance,
with the most detailed evaluation including all outside directors during our
first quarter Board meeting. See the “Performance Evaluation” section of this
CD&A for a discussion of the factors considered by our CEO, the Committee
and the other outside directors when evaluating performance. At its February 2012 meeting, the
Committee: reviewed and discussed the continued
 appropriateness of our executive compensation program, including its underlying philosophy, objectives and policies; reviewed and discussed our CEO’s performance,
 contributions and value to our business; reviewed and discussed our CEO’s performance
 evaluations and compensation recommendations for the other EMC members; reviewed and discussed the comparative
 compensation data that it received through surveys conducted by independent compensation consultants and analyzed by
 management; analyzed the total compensation earned by each EMC
 member during the immediately preceding two fiscal years; analyzed the potential payments to each EMC member
 upon termination of employment and change in control events; considered the parameters on executive
 compensation awards established by the terms of the shareholder-approved plans under which bonus and equity compensation
 may be awarded and the employment agreements
 between us and each EMC member; prepared its recommendation on the compensation of
 each EMC member for fiscal 2012; determined that a bonus was not payable under the
 2006 Bonus Plan as a result of corporate performance in fiscal 2011; and determined that the corporate performance amount
 for Mr. Fishman’s fiscal 2011 performance-based restricted stock award was achieved, and, for the other named executive
 officers, the second trigger for their fiscal
 2010 restricted stock awards and the first trigger for their fiscal 2011
 restricted stock awards were achieved as a
 result of corporate performance in fiscal 2011. The Committee then shared its
recommendations on the EMC members’ compensation, including the underlying data
and analysis, with the other outside directors for their consideration and
approval. The Committee’s recommendations were, with respect to the EMC members
other than the CEO, consistent with the CEO’s recommendations. At the March 2012
Board meeting, the outside directors discussed with the Committee the form,
amount of, and rationale for the recommended compensation and, consistent with
the Committee’s recommendations, finalized the compensation awards for the EMC
members. Except where we discuss the specifics of a
named executive officer’s fiscal 2012 compensation, the evaluation and
establishment of our named executive officers’ fiscal 2012 compensation was
substantially similar. Based on their review of each element of executive
compensation separately and in the aggregate, the Committee and the other
outside directors determined that our named executive officers’ compensation for
fiscal 2012 was reasonable and not excessive and was consistent with our
executive compensation philosophy and objectives. - 29 - Salary for Fiscal 2012 The salaries paid to our named executive
officers for fiscal 2012 are shown in the “Salary” column of the Summary
Compensation Table. The Committee and the other outside directors believed that
our increased earnings per share, continued focus on store growth in the United
States and expansion into Canada was a direct result of our named executive
officers’ individual performances, as discussed in the “Performance Evaluation”
section of this CD&A. The Committee and other outside directors evaluated
Mr. Fishman’s fiscal 2011 salary and agreed it was competitive when compared to
other salaries of the CEOs of the companies in our peer group and agreed to keep
Mr. Fishman’s salary at the same level in fiscal 2012. The Committee and the
other outside directors also approved the following fiscal 2012 salaries for our
other named executive officers: Mr. Johnson: $310,000; Mr. Martin: $590,000; Ms.
Bachmann: $565,000; Mr. Cooper: $565,000; Mr. Haubiel: $465,000; and Mr. Wurl:
$525,000. These annualized salaries became effective on March 25, 2012. On
August 23, 2012, Mr. Johnson was promoted to Senior Vice President, Chief
Financial Officer; Ms. Bachmann was promoted to Executive Vice President, Chief
Operating Officer; and Mr. Haubiel was promoted to Executive Vice President,
Chief Administrative Officer and Corporate Secretary. In connection with their
promotions and to reflect the increased responsibilities of their new positions,
Mr. Johnson’s salary was increased to $400,000; Ms. Bachmann’s salary was
increased to $595,000; and Mr. Haubiel’s salary was increased to
$500,000. Bonus for Fiscal 2012 As previously discussed, we did not pay
any bonuses to our named executive officers under the 2006 Bonus Plan for fiscal
2012, as reflected in the “Non-Equity Incentive Plan Compensation” column of the
Summary Compensation Table. During their annual review of executive compensation
in March 2012, the Committee and other outside directors approved the financial
measure, corporate performance amounts and payout percentages (threshold, target
and stretch) for the fiscal 2012 bonuses. The Committee and the other outside
directors selected operating profit as the financial measure for the fiscal 2012
bonuses because they believe it is a strong indicator of our profitability,
ongoing operating results and financial condition. The Committee and other
outside directors selected the corporate performance amounts based on the annual
corporate operating plan set by the Board. The corporate performance amounts
were set slightly below (for the threshold bonus), at (for the target bonus),
and above (for the stretch bonus) the projected operating profit in our annual
corporate operating plan. The Committee and other outside directors believe the
selected amounts provided challenging, but reasonable, levels of performance
that were appropriate in light of our projected corporate operating plan for
fiscal 2012, and our objective to promote sustained profitability while
providing objectives that motivate our executives. Because the Committee and the
other outside directors consider the specific circumstances that we expect to
face in the coming fiscal year (e.g., year-over-year comparable performance,
general economic factors and performance of the retail sector), the relationship
between each of the corporate performance amounts and between the corporate
performance amounts and our annual corporate operating plan may vary
significantly from year to year. The payout percentages for our named
executive officers for fiscal 2012 were made at the discretion of the Committee
and the other outside directors, subject to the minimum payout percentages
established in the named executive officers’ employment agreements. The
Committee and other outside directors elected to maintain the bonus payout
percentages for our named executive officers for fiscal 2012 at the same levels
as in fiscal 2011. This decision was primarily driven by the belief that those
bonus payout percentages were appropriate for fiscal 2012 to accomplish our
executive compensation objectives. In order to calculate bonuses under the
2006 Bonus Plan, we first calculate the financial measure for purposes of our
financial statements. We then adjust the measure for purposes of the bonus
calculation to remove the effect of events, transactions or accrual items set
forth in the 2006 Bonus Plan and approved by the Committee early in each fiscal
year when the corporate performance amount and bonus payout percentages are
established. These adjustments may have the net effect of increasing or
decreasing the resulting corporate performance amount. Additionally, the
Committee may exercise negative discretion to cancel or decrease the bonuses
earned (but not increase a bonus for a covered employee, as that term is used
within Section 162(m) of the IRC). Accordingly, the resulting corporate
performance amount may differ from the financial measure (i.e., operating
profit) amount reflected in the financial statements included with our Form
10-K. - 30 - After calculating the financial measure
and making the adjustments described in the preceding paragraph, the Committee
exercised negative discretion to reduce the resulting fiscal 2012 corporate
performance amount (to the amount reflected in the table below) to exclude
certain accrual items that, under the 2006 Bonus Plan and the Committee’s
approval in March 2012, would have otherwise increased the corporate performance
amount. The Committee opted to make the downward adjustment by excluding the
accrual items principally because they were anticipated as part of the annual
corporate operating plan upon which the financial measure and corporate
performance amounts were established for fiscal 2012, and the Committee did not
believe that the accrual items should have the effect of increasing the
corporate performance amount for fiscal 2012 bonuses. The Committee’s decision
to exercise negative discretion was not based on corporate or individual
performance factors. The following table reflects the payout
percentage for each bonus level and the corporate performance amount required to
achieve the corresponding bonus level, with the results for fiscal 2012,
calculated as described above (including the Committee’s discretionary reduction
discussed in the preceding paragraph), noted: Bonus Level | Payout Percentage | Corporate Performance
and | (% of salary) | Amount
2012 Results | Mr. Fishman | Mr. Johnson | Mr. Martin | Ms. Bachmann | Mr. Cooper | Mr. Haubiel | Mr. Wurl | ($)
No Bonus | 0.0 | 0.0 | 0.0 | 0.0 | 0.0 | 0.0 | 0.0 | 0-358,299,999
Threshold | 60.0 | 25.0 | 30.0 | 30.0 | 30.0 | 30.0 | 30.0 | 358,300,000
Target | 120.0 | 50.0 | 60.0 | 60.0 | 60.0 | 60.0 | 60.0 | 378,658,000
Stretch | 240.0 | 100.0 | 120.0 | 120.0 | 120.0 | 120.0 | 120.0 | 393,229,000
2012 Results | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 297,820,557 Our named executive officers did not earn
a bonus for fiscal 2012 under our 2006 Bonus Plan, because our fiscal 2012
performance was lower than the corporate performance amount established for the
threshold bonus level. The primary objectives in setting the corporate
performance amounts for fiscal 2012 were to reward 2006 Bonus Plan participants
while encouraging strong corporate earnings growth. As a result of not making
fiscal 2012 bonus payments, total cash compensation paid to our named executive
officers for fiscal 2012 was generally at or below the median for our peer
groups. We believe lower than market average total cash compensation is
appropriate in light of our fiscal 2012 performance and furthers our objectives
to motivate our executives and reward superior performance. Equity for Fiscal 2012 All equity awards granted to our named
executive officers in fiscal 2012 were made under the 2005 LTIP and 2012 LTIP
and are reflected in the Grants of Plan-Based Awards in Fiscal 2012 table. The
equity compensation awarded to our named executive officers for fiscal 2012
consisted of restricted stock awards and, with the exception of Mr. Fishman,
non-qualified stock options. The Committee believes that granting a significant
quantity of restricted stock and stock options to our named executive officers
further aligns their interests with the interests of our shareholders and
provides us with a significant retention and motivation tool. Accordingly, our
named executive officers’ equity interests in our organization, through
restricted stock and stock options, comprise a substantial portion of their
compensation. The Committee is not tied to any particular process or formula to
determine the size of the equity awards granted to our named executive officers.
The Committee instead uses its discretion to grant equity awards and may
consider the various factors discussed below in connection with its
determination. The Committee undertook the following process to determine the
size of the equity awards for our named executive officers for fiscal
2012: The Committee reviewed an estimate
 prepared by management of the number of common shares to be granted during
 fiscal 2012 to all recipients other than our CEO. As it related to the EMC
 members other than our CEO, this estimate was based on historical grant
 information, anticipated future events, and our CEO’s evaluation of individual
 performance and recommendations. In executive session, the Committee
 evaluated and approved our CEO’s recommendations for equity awards for the
 other EMC members. In each case, the Committee made these determinations based
 on historical grant information and the Committee’s subjective views of
 comparative compensation data, retention factors, corporate performance
 (particularly operating profit, income from continuing operations, selling and
 administrative expenses and earnings per share against planned and prior - 31 - performance), individual performance,
 the executive’s level of responsibility, the potential impact that the
 executive could have on our operations and financial condition, and the market
 price of our common shares. See the introduction to the “Our Executive
 Compensation Program for Fiscal 2012” section and the “Performance Evaluation”
 section of this CD&A for a discussion of how our CEO and the Committee
 evaluate performance. The Committee determined the number of
 shares to be awarded to Mr. Fishman pursuant to the formula provided in his
 retention agreement, which determination is based on our performance in the
 prior fiscal year. See the “Retention Agreement” section of this CD&A for
 a discussion of the adjustments to the number of shares underlying Mr.
 Fishman’s performance-based restricted stock award. The Committee reviewed the total number
 of common shares authorized for awards in fiscal 2012 to ensure that such
 amount would not exceed the total number of common shares available for grant
 in fiscal 2012. See the “Bonus and Equity Plans” disclosure that follows the
 Summary Compensation Table for more information concerning the common shares
 available for issuance under the 2012 LTIP. This process was employed to ensure that
executive equity compensation is commensurate with corporate and individual
performance and remains consistent with our policy that incentive compensation
should increase as a percentage of total compensation as the executive’s level
of responsibility and the potential impact that the executive could have on our
operations and financial condition increases. Specifically, the retention of Mr.
Fishman, as discussed in the “Retention Agreement” section of this CD&A, and
the items of corporate and individual performance, as described in the
“Performance Evaluation” section of this CD&A, were the most significant
factors in determining the size of the equity awards made to our named executive
officers in fiscal 2012. In comparison to the other named executive
officers who received restricted stock and stock options, Mr. Fishman’s fiscal
2012 equity award was solely in the form of performance-based restricted stock.
The Committee and other outside directors believed Mr. Fishman’s continued
leadership was important to our performance and structuring his equity award
solely in the form of performance-based restricted stock enhanced our ability to
retain Mr. Fishman as the Committee believed that the award was competitive with
the equity compensation awards made to chief executive officers by peer group
companies. Additionally, this decision was driven by the following
considerations: The CEO should receive more at-risk
 incentive compensation than the other named executive officers . Consistent with the philosophy of our executive
 compensation program, the Committee and other outside directors believe that
 our CEO should be awarded at-risk incentive compensation in larger amounts
 than the other named executive officers, because our CEO’s level of
 responsibility and potential impact on our operations and financial condition
 are greater than the other named executive officers. Restricted stock is generally more
 valuable to the executive than stock options and, therefore, requires fewer
 common shares to provide an equivalent value . The per share value of restricted stock to the executive is generally
 greater than the per share value of stock options to the executive. This is
 generally true because stock options provide value to the executive only if
 and to the extent the market price of our common shares increases during the
 exercise period, while restricted stock provides value once it vests.
 Therefore, it is more efficient to deliver equity awards in the form of
 restricted stock. We can award fewer common shares in the form of restricted
 stock and still provide the executive with the same value that could be
 delivered by awarding a greater number of common shares underlying a stock
 option. Awarding fewer common shares is less
 dilutive to our shareholders and the other equity award
 recipients . Restricted stock awards have
 the additional benefits of being less dilutive to our shareholders and using
 fewer of the common shares available under the 2012 LTIP than stock option
 awards. As discussed in the “Retention Agreement” section of this CD&A, we
 entered into a retention agreement with Mr. Fishman in March 2010 to provide
 him performance-based restricted stock awards as the only form of equity
 compensation in fiscal 2010, fiscal 2011 and fiscal 2012. In comparison to
 fiscal 2009 when Mr. Fishman received 530,000 common shares (i.e., 200,000
 common shares underlying a restricted stock award and 330,000 common shares
 underlying a stock option award), the total number of common shares awarded to
 Mr. Fishman has been reduced by 280,000 common shares annually in fiscal 2010
 and fiscal 2011, a 52.8% reduction, and by 290,000 common shares in fiscal
 2012, a 54.7% reduction. - 32 - Counterbalancing factors: It is not
 permissible, and may not be cost-effective to us, to grant all equity awards
 in the form of restricted stock . Although
 it may be more efficient and less dilutive to provide equity awards in the
 form of restricted stock, the: (1) 2005 LTIP prohibited us from awarding more
 than one-third of all awards granted pursuant to the plan in the form of
 restricted stock, restricted stock units and performance units; (2) financial
 statement expense to us associated with restricted stock is generally greater
 on a per share basis than the expense to us associated with stock options; and
 (3) Committee and other outside directors believe stock options also provide a
 strong incentive to increase shareholder value, because stock options provide
 value to the executive only if the market price of our common shares
 increases. Pursuant to the terms of the retention
agreement with Mr. Fishman, in order for his fiscal 2012 performance-based
restricted stock award of 240,000 common shares to vest, (1) he had to remain
employed by us through the first anniversary of the award and, (2) we had to
achieve in fiscal 2012 at least 90% of the corporate performance amount that we
achieved in fiscal 2011, as calculated for purposes of determining whether
bonuses were payable under the 2006 Bonus Plan. Our operating profit, as
adjusted to remove the effect of unusual or non-recurring events, transactions
and accruals and any negative discretion exercised by the Committee, was used to
determine the corporate performance amount. See the “Bonus for Fiscal 2012”
section of this CD&A for more information regarding the calculation of the
corporate performance amount. The corporate performance amount achieved in
fiscal 2011 was $364,271,946. Accordingly, in order for Mr. Fishman’s fiscal
2012 performance-based restricted stock award to vest, we had to achieve a
fiscal 2012 corporate performance amount of at least $327,844,751.40. Because
the corporate performance amount for fiscal 2012 was $297,820,557, Mr. Fishman’s
2012 performance-based restricted stock award did not vest and was forfeited in
its entirety. The performance-based restricted stock
awarded to our named executive officers, other than Mr. Fishman, in fiscal 2012
vests upon attaining the first trigger and the first to occur of (1) attaining
the second trigger, (2) the lapsing of five years after the grant date while
continuously employed, or (3) the grantee’s death or disability (which results
in the vesting of a prorated portion of the award). The financial measure
applied to the performance-based restricted stock awards granted to the non-CEO
named executive officers in fiscal 2012 was the greater of (A) earnings per
common share – diluted from continuing operations and (B) earnings per common
share – diluted from continuing operations before extraordinary item and/or
cumulative effect of a change in accounting principle (as the case may be). If
neither of these amounts appear on the consolidated statement of operations
included in our Form 10-K for the applicable fiscal year, then the financial
measure to be used is the greater of earnings per common share – diluted and
(ii) earnings per common share – diluted before extraordinary item and/or
cumulative effect of a change in accounting principle (as the case may be) as it
appears in the Form 10-K for the applicable fiscal year. After each financial
measure is calculated for purposes of our financial statements, it is adjusted,
for purposes of the restricted stock award calculations, to remove the effect of
any gain or loss as a result of litigation or lawsuit settlement that is
specifically disclosed, reported or otherwise appears in our periodic filings
with the SEC or our annual report to shareholders. These financial measures were
selected because the Committee and the other outside directors believe they
provide a good indication of our profitability, ongoing operating results and
financial condition. The first trigger for the fiscal 2012
performance-based restricted stock awards to our named executive officers other
than Mr. Fishman is $1.50 under the applicable financial measure and the second
trigger is $3.95 under the applicable financial measure. While the first trigger
for fiscal 2012 performance-based restricted stock awards was met (under the
earnings per common share – diluted from continuing operations financial
measure), the second trigger was not met in fiscal 2012. Having met the first
trigger, if the named executive officer remains employed by us, the restricted
stock will vest upon the earliest of: (1) the first trading day after we file
with the SEC our Form 10-K for the year in which the second trigger is met; (2)
the opening of our first trading window that is five years after the grant date
of the restricted stock award; and (3) the death or disability of the named
executive officer, in which case 20% of the award will vest for each consecutive
year of employment completed from the grant date to the date of death or
disability. The restricted stock will be forfeited if the named executive
officer’s employment with us terminates prior to vesting (except as described
above in the case of death or disability). The Committee and the other outside
directors believed that the financial measures and corporate performance amount
applicable to the second trigger that they approved in March 2012 represented a
strong, but reasonable, level of performance that would be a challenge to
achieve. The second trigger for restricted stock awarded in fiscal 2012 was
approximately 12.2% greater than the second trigger for restricted stock awarded
in fiscal 2011. - 33 - The Committee and other outside directors
believe the selected corporate performance amount was appropriate in light of
our performance in fiscal 2011, our projected multi-year operating plan and our
objectives to motivate our executives, reward superior performance and align the
interests of our executives and shareholders. The stock options awarded to our named
executive officers in fiscal 2012 have an exercise price equal to the fair
market value of our common shares on the grant date (i.e., $43.85), vest
incrementally in equal portions over four years, and expire seven years after
the grant date. Additionally, if a named executive officer dies or becomes
disabled before the last scheduled vesting date, the then-remaining unvested
portion of the stock option award will vest on the day such event occurred,
provided such event occurred at least six months following the grant
date. Performance Evaluation Our CEO, the Committee and the outside
directors do not rely solely on predetermined formulas when they evaluate
corporate performance or individual performance. Performance is generally
evaluated against the following objective and subjective factors, although the
factors considered may vary for each executive and as dictated by business
conditions: long-term strategic
 goals; short-term business
 goals; profit and revenue
 goals; expense goals; operating margin
 improvement; revenue growth versus the
 industry; earnings-per-share
 growth; continued optimization of
 organizational effectiveness and productivity; leadership and the development of
 talent; and fostering teamwork and other
 corporate values. Our CEO, the Committee and the outside
directors may each consider different factors and may value the same factors
differently. In selecting individual and corporate performance factors for each
EMC member and measuring an executive’s performance against those factors, our
CEO, the Committee and the other outside directors also consider the performance
of our competitors and general economic and market conditions. None of the
factors are assigned a specific weight. Instead, our CEO, the Committee and the
other outside directors recognize that the relative importance of these factors
may change as a result of specific business challenges and changing economic and
marketplace conditions. Although the Committee and the other outside directors
consider our CEO’s recommendations, the Committee and the other outside
directors may elect to not follow, and are not bound by, our CEO’s
recommendations on executive compensation. Fiscal 2012 compensation for our named
executive officers was determined in the discretion of the Committee and the
other outside directors and was generally based upon the factors discussed in
this CD&A, including corporate and individual performance and comparative
compensation data. Specifically, the following items of corporate and individual
performance were most significant in awarding compensation to our named
executive officers for fiscal 2012. Mr. Fishman: (1) | Fiscal 2011 earnings per common share from continuing operations-diluted were $2.99 – approximately 5.7% above our fiscal 2010 results; and
(2) | Fiscal 2011 SG&A expenses were $1,724.8 million – approximately $13.3 million below our fiscal 2011 corporate operating plan. - 34 - Mr. Johnson: (1) | Fiscal 2011 SG&A expense performance;
(2) | Development and implementation of our annual corporate operating plan;
(3) | Executive leadership support for effective cash deployment and investor relations; and
(4) | Management’s interface with the Audit Committee. Mr. Martin: (1) | Effective management of compensation and employee healthcare costs;
(2) | Oversight of important employee relations initiatives, including recruitment of new employees important functional areas; and
(3) | Management’s interface with the Compensation Committee. Ms. Bachmann: (1) | Assumption of additional responsibility associated with overseeing our Distribution and Transportation Services Department;
(2) | Successful implementation of enhancements and upgrades to current information technology infrastructure supporting our business needs; and
(3) | Continued the multi-year implementation of the SAP for Retail information technology system that will replace our core merchandising and financial systems. Mr. Cooper: (1) | Assumption of additional responsibility associated with overseeing our Canadian operations;
(2) | Fiscal 2011 SG&A expense performance; and
(3) | Development and implementation of our annual corporate operating plan. Mr. Haubiel: (1) | Opened 92 new stores and closed 39 stores in fiscal 2011, as compared to opening 80 stores and closing 43 stores in fiscal 2010;
(2) | Executive leadership support for the effective and efficient management of legal affairs and the development of risk-weighted solutions to complex business and legal issues; and
(3) | Management’s interface with the Nominating / Corporate Governance Committee and the Compensation Committee. Mr. Wurl: (1) | Fiscal 2011 net sales were $5,202.3 million – approximately 5.1% above our fiscal 2010 results; and
(2) | Fiscal 2011 gross margin dollars were $2,070.4 million – approximately $58.0 million above our fiscal 2010 results. The fiscal 2011 earnings per common share
from continuing operations of $2.99 includes the impact of the loss of $0.19 per
common share – diluted from continuing operations from our Canadian segment in
fiscal 2011. See the “Comparative Compensation Data”
section of this CD&A for more information regarding the impact that the
competitive market has on our executive compensation program. Role of Management As discussed in this CD&A, our CEO
plays a significant role in determining executive compensation. Additionally,
our CEO and the Committee consult with management from our human resources,
finance and legal departments regarding the design and administration of our
compensation programs, plans and awards for executives and directors. These
members of management provide the Committee and CEO with advice regarding the
competitive - 35 - nature of existing and proposed
compensation programs and the impact of accounting rules, laws and regulations
on existing and proposed compensation programs. Management from our human
resources, finance and legal departments may also act pursuant to delegated
authority to fulfill various functions in administering our employee benefit and
compensation plans. Such delegation is permitted by the Committee’s charter and
our compensation plans. Those groups to whom the Committee has delegated certain
responsibilities are each required to periodically report their activities to
the Committee. Our CEO and some of these members of
management attend general meetings of the Committee, and the CEO participates in
the Committee’s discussions regarding the compensation of the other EMC members.
However, these individuals do not participate in executive sessions of the
Committee or when executive compensation determinations are made by the
Committee and the other outside directors. Independent Compensation
Consultant Pursuant to the authority granted to the
Committee by its charter, the Committee may retain independent compensation
consultants as it deems necessary. In establishing executive compensation for
fiscal 2012, the Committee retained independent compensation consultant Towers
Watson to provide retailer-only peer group compensation surveys and financial
information from those companies’ public filings. Additionally, Towers Watson
provided broader compensation survey data from not only their own compensation
surveys, but also from Mercer. The Committee also reviewed (as discussed below)
non-customized compensation surveys provided by multiple independent
compensation consultants at the request of our human resources department. In
addition, the Committee engaged Exequity to assist with the development of the
2012 LTIP and the associated disclosures for our 2012 proxy
statement. Comparative Compensation
Data The Committee uses data regarding the
compensation paid to executives at other companies in its annual review of the
compensation paid to EMC members. For fiscal 2012, the Committee evaluated a
group of retailers that we believe is similarly situated to us and with whom we
compete for talent. When considering the composition of the retailer-only peer
group, the Committee selected retail companies that have median and average
financial measures similar to ours. Among the financial measures considered were
revenues, market capitalization, net income, earnings per share,
price-to-earnings ratio and shareholder return. Our human resources department
provided the Committee with comparative executive compensation data it obtained
from the proxy statements and other reports made public by the companies in the
retailer-only peer group. The companies included in the retailer-only peer group
for fiscal 2012 were: Abercrombie & Fitch | Dollar Tree | PetSmart
Advanced Auto Parts | DSW | PriceSmart
Bed Bath & Beyond | Family Dollar | Ross Stores
Collective Brands | Foot Locker | Tractor Supply
Dick’s Sporting Goods | Limited Brands | Williams – Sonoma Additionally, the Committee reviewed
executive compensation data from a broader base of companies that was aggregated
in one or more of the non-customized compensation surveys obtained from Mercer
and TowersWatson. This broader peer group consisted of more than 2,000
participating companies, including Standard & Poor’s Retail Stores Index
companies and other companies, including non-retailers, with whom we believe we
also compete for talent and whose revenues or operations are similar to ours. We
believed it was prudent to consult both sets of information, because the
compensation surveys for the broader group include compensation information on
more executives, including executives who are not included in publicly-available
documents. The broader peer group also provides a more extensive basis on which
to compare the compensation of the EMC members, particularly EMC members whose
responsibilities, experience and other factors are not directly comparable to
those executives included in the publicly-available reports of the retailer-only
group. These peer groups vary from year to year based on the Committee’s
assessment of which companies it believes compete with us for talent and are
similar to us in terms of operations or revenues and the continued availability
of compensation information from companies previously included in either peer
group. - 36 - The Committee and our human resources
department reviewed each EMC member’s responsibilities and compared, where
possible, the compensation of each executive to the compensation awarded to
similarly-situated executives at peer group companies. The Committee compared
the total direct compensation levels for our EMC members to the total direct
compensation of similarly situated executives within the peer groups. For
purposes of this evaluation, no specific weight was given to one peer group over
the other and total direct compensation was comprised of salary, bonus at the
targeted level and equity awards. While we often award total target direct
compensation that ends up in the range of the fiftieth to seventy-fifth
percentile of total target direct compensation paid by the peer groups, this
range merely provides a point of reference and market check and is not a
determinative factor for setting our executives’ compensation. As discussed in
this CD&A, compensation is subjectively determined based on numerous factors
and we do not benchmark or target our compensation to be at any particular level
in relation to the compensation of the peer groups. We believe this approach to
the use of compensation data enables us to retain the flexibility necessary to
make adjustments for performance and experience, to attract, retain and motivate
top talent, and to reward executives who we believe excel or take on greater
responsibility than executives at peer group companies. Tally Sheets and Wealth
Accumulation The Committee reviewed tally sheets that
set forth the total and each element of compensation awarded to each EMC member
for the immediately preceding two fiscal years, as well as estimated
post-employment and change in control compensation that may be payable to such
executives. The purpose of the tally sheets is to consolidate all elements of
actual and projected compensation for our executives, so the Committee may
analyze the individual elements of compensation, the mix of compensation and the
total amount of actual and projected compensation. With this information, the
Committee determined that the compensation awarded to our executives is
reasonable and consistent with our executive compensation philosophy and
objectives. These tally sheets also included an
estimate of the amount of total value accumulated, and total value that will be
accumulated, by each EMC member through prior equity awards (assuming employment
continues, awards vest and the market price of our common shares fluctuates
through the life of the awards). While the Committee considered the accumulated
total value as a factor in setting fiscal 2012 compensation, this information
was not a primary consideration. The Committee believes that its objectives of
motivating executives to achieve short-term and long-term goals, rewarding
executives for achieving those goals and providing incentives for executives to
continue their employment with us would not be adequately served if the
accumulated total value of an EMC member’s equity awards was a determinative
factor in awarding future compensation. Internal Pay Equity In the process of reviewing each element
of executive compensation separately and in the aggregate, the Committee considered information comparing the relative
compensation of our CEO to the other EMC members. This information was
considered to ensure that our executive compensation program is internally
equitable, which we believe promotes executive retention and motivation. The
comparison included all elements of compensation. The relative difference
between the compensation of our CEO and the compensation of our other named
executive officers did not change significantly in fiscal 2012, and it has not
changed significantly since hiring Mr. Fishman in 2005. The Committee believes
that the disparity between Mr. Fishman’s compensation and the compensation for
the other EMC members is appropriate in light of his responsibilities and
remains necessary to retain and motivate a chief executive with Mr. Fishman’s
experience. Minimum Share Ownership Requirements
and Hedging Prohibition We have Board-adopted minimum share
ownership requirements for all outside directors and EMC members. These
requirements are designed to ensure that outside directors’ and executives’
long-term interests are closely aligned with those of our shareholders. Under
the requirements, the outside directors and EMC members must, at a minimum, own
common shares having an aggregate value equal to the following multiple of his
or her Board retainer or salary (as is in effect at the time compliance with the
requirements is evaluated), as applicable: - 37 - Title | Multiple of Retainer or Salary
Director | 4x
Chief Executive Officer | 4x
Executive Vice President | 2x
Senior Vice President | 1x Shares counted toward these requirements
include common shares held directly or through a broker, common shares held
under the Savings Plan or Supplemental Savings Plan, unvested restricted stock,
and vested but unexercised in-the-money stock options. Each outside director
that served on the Board when these requirements were adopted in March 2008 must
meet the requirements on the date of the 2013 annual meeting of shareholders and
at subsequent annual meetings. Each EMC member that was an EMC member when these
requirements were adopted must meet the requirements on the date that
adjustments to annual executive compensation are made in 2013 and on subsequent
annual adjustment dates. Directors elected and executives hired or promoted
after the adoption of the requirements must meet the requirements on the first
testing date for directors or executives following the fifth anniversary of
their election, hire or promotion, as applicable. As of March 13, 2013, each of
our outside directors (except for Mr. Chambers, who is not required to meet the
requirement until our 2017 annual meeting of shareholders) and each EMC member
would have complied with our minimum share ownership requirements. In addition
to the minimum share ownership requirements, we do not allow our directors or
named executive officers to enter into any hedging or monetization transactions
of our common shares. Equity Grant Timing Pursuant to the terms of the 2005 LTIP and
2012 LTIP, the grant date of equity awards must be the later of the date the
terms of the award are established by corporate action or the date specified in
the award agreement. Consistent with prior years, in fiscal 2012, the outside
directors, after consultation with the Committee, specified that the grant date
of the equity awards made in connection with the annual performance reviews of
the EMC members was the second trading day following our release of fiscal 2011
results. This future date was established to allow the market to absorb and
react to our release of material non-public information, and to avoid any
suggestion that the Board, the Committee or any employee manipulated the terms
of the equity awards. For equity awards made throughout the fiscal year, which
generally are made as a result of a hiring or promotion, the grant date is the
date of the related event (i.e., the first day of employment or effective date
of promotion). We have no policy of timing the grant date of these mid-year
equity awards with the release of material non-public information, and we have
not timed the release of material non-public information for the purpose of
affecting the value of any equity awards. Tax and Accounting
Considerations The Committee reviews and considers the
impact that tax laws and accounting regulations may have on the executive
compensation awards, including the deductibility of executive compensation under
Section 162(m). In doing so, the Committee relies on guidance from members of
our finance and legal departments, as well as outside accountants and
attorneys. Section 162(m) generally limits the tax
deductions for compensation expense in excess of $1 million paid to our CEO and
our three other highest compensated executives (excluding the principal
financial officer). Compensation in excess of $1 million may be deducted if it
is “qualified performance-based compensation” within the meaning of Section
162(m). Except as discussed below, we believe that compensation paid under our
equity and bonus compensation plans is fully deductible for federal income tax
purposes. However, in certain situations, the Committee may approve compensation
that will not meet these requirements in order to ensure competitive levels of
total compensation for our executives or to otherwise further our executive
compensation philosophy and objectives. When considering whether to award
compensation that will not be deductible, the Committee compares the cost of the
lost deduction against the competitive market for executive talent and our need
to attract, retain and motivate the executive, as applicable. For fiscal 2012, the Committee believes it
has taken the necessary actions to preserve the deductibility of all payments
made under our executive compensation program, with the exception of a portion
of the base compensation paid to Mr. Fishman. If the IRC or the related
regulations change, the Committee intends to take - 38 - reasonable steps to ensure the continued
availability of deductions for payments under our executive compensation
program, while at the same time considering our executive compensation
philosophy and objectives and the competitive market for executive
talent. Our Executive Compensation Program
for Fiscal 2013 In establishing executive compensation for
fiscal 2013, the Committee engaged Exequity to provide research, comparative
compensation data and general executive compensation program guidance.
Throughout this engagement, Exequity advised the Committee on all principal
aspects of executive compensation, including the competitiveness of program
design and award values. The Committee charged Exequity with assisting it to
meet the following primary objectives: review and validate, or recommend
 changes to, our executive compensation and outside director
 programs; obtain better comparative
 compensation data by updating our retailer-only peer group;
 and compare the amount and form of
 executive compensation paid to our executives against the compensation paid to
 similarly-situated executives at companies within the updated retailer-only
 peer group. At its meeting in February 2013, the
Committee: (1) determined that a bonus was not payable for fiscal 2012 under the
2006 Bonus Plan; (2) reviewed the tally sheets and compensation history for all
EMC members; (3) reviewed internal pay equity information; (4) discussed the
executive compensation review prepared by Exequity and approved a new
retailer-only peer group for fiscal 2013; (5) reviewed the at-risk incentive
compensation as a percentage of the total executive compensation awarded for
fiscal 2012 for each named executive officer; and (6) formulated its
recommendations to the other outside directors for fiscal 2013 executive
compensation (including the terms, financial measure, corporate performance
amounts and payout percentages for bonuses, terms for the amount of common
shares underlying stock option and restricted stock awards, and the first and
second triggers for restricted stock awards). The Committee also reviewed drafts
of this CD&A and the other compensation disclosures required by the
SEC. At the subsequent Board meeting, the
Committee recommended, and the outside directors approved, the following fiscal
2013 salaries, payout percentages for the target bonus level (with threshold
being one-half of the target payout percentage and stretch being double the
target payout percentage) and equity awards for our named executive
officers: Fiscal 2013 | Common | Common
Fiscal 2013 | Target Bonus | Shares Underlying | Shares Underlying
Salary | Payout Percentage | Stock Option Award | Restricted Stock Award
Name | ($) | (%) | (#) | (#)
Mr. Fishman | 1,400,000 | 120 | 0 | 0
Mr. Johnson | 440,000 | 50 | 40,000 | 30,000
Mr. Martin | 600,000 | 60 | 40,000 | 30,000
Ms. Bachmann | 625,000 | 60 | 40,000 | 30,000
Mr. Cooper | 580,000 | 60 | 40,000 | 30,000
Mr. Haubiel | 550,000 | 60 | 40,000 | 30,000 On December 4, 2012, Mr. Fishman announced
his intention to retire upon the appointment of his successor. A search for Mr.
Fishman’s successor has commenced. Accordingly, the Committee and other outside
directors maintained Mr. Fishman’s current salary and target bonus payout
percentage and did not grant him any equity compensation as part of our fiscal
2013 annual equity grant. On April 1, 2013, after consulting with
the other outside directors, the Compensation Committee granted restricted stock
awards (“Retention Awards”) to Mr. Johnson, Ms. Bachmann, Mr. Cooper and Mr.
Haubiel. The purpose of the Retention Awards is to better assure the continuing
services of these named executive officers during the transition from Mr.
Fishman to his successor. The number of our common shares underlying each
Retention Award is 9,500 for Mr. Johnson, 21,500 for Ms. Bachmann, 13,500 for
Mr. Cooper and 19,000 for Mr. Haubiel. - 39 - The Retention Awards were made pursuant to
the 2012 LTIP and the Big Lots 2012 Long-Term Incentive Plan Restricted Stock
Retention Award Agreement (“Retention Award Agreement”). Each Retention Award
will vest and be transferred to the named executive officer without restriction
on the earlier of: (1) the first trading day that is 18 months following the
grant date; or (2) the first trading day following the executive’s termination
of employment, but only if such termination of employment is the result of the
executive’s (a) dismissal by us without cause (as defined in the Retention Award
Agreement) or (b) death or disability; provided, however, if the executive dies
or suffers a disability, only 1/18 th of the Retention Award will vest
for each consecutive month that the executive completed with us between the
grant date and his or her termination. If termination of employment is the
result of any reason other than the named executive officer’s dismissal by us
without cause, death or disability (including by reason of the executive’s
retirement, resignation or dismissal by us for cause), then the Retention Award
Agreement will expire and all of the executive’s rights in the Retention Award
will be forfeited. Upon a change in control (as defined in the 2012 LTIP), any
outstanding Retention Awards will vest. Summary Compensation Table for 2012 The following table sets forth the
compensation earned by or paid to our named executive officers for each of the
last three fiscal years. Change in
Pension Value
and Nonqualified
Non-Equity | Deferred
Stock | Option | Incentive Plan | Compensation | All Other
Name and | Salary | Bonus | Awards | Awards | Compensation | Earnings | Compensation | Total
Principal Position (1) | Year | ($) (2) | ($) | ($) (3) | ($) (4) | ($) (5) | ($) | ($) (6)(7)(8) | ($) (9)
(a) | (b) | (c) | (d) | (e) | (f) | (g) | (h) | (i) | (j)
Steven S. Fishman, | 2012 | 1,453,846 | — | 10,524,000 | — | — | — | 341,920 | 12,319,766
Chairman, Chief | 2011 | 1,400,000 | — | 10,280,000 | — | — | — | 244,662 | 11,924,662
Executive Officer | 2010 | 1,369,231 | — | 8,980,000 | — | 2,769,816 | — | 275,028 | 13,394,075
and President
Timothy A. Johnson, | 2012 | 359,827 | — | 1,120,050 | 558,150 | — | — | 33,627 | 2,071,654
Senior Vice President,
Chief Financial
Officer (10)(11)
John C. Martin, | 2012 | 610,096 | — | 1,315,500 | 571,200 | — | — | 51,926 | 2,548,722
Executive Vice President, | 2011 | 571,154 | — | 1,028,000 | 509,250 | — | — | 64,273 | 2,172,677
Chief Merchandising | 2010 | 545,385 | — | 538,800 | 546,800 | 544,071 | — | 42,379 | 2,217,435
Officer (12)
Lisa M. Bachmann, | 2012 | 593,942 | — | 1,315,500 | 571,200 | — | — | 38,361 | 2,519,003
Executive Vice President, | 2011 | 529,615 | — | 1,233,600 | 582,000 | — | — | 33,887 | 2,379,102
Chief Operating | 2010 | 490,769 | — | 898,000 | 683,500 | 494,610 | — | 40,959 | 2,607,838
Officer (13)
Joe R. Cooper, | 2012 | 581,538 | — | 1,315,500 | 571,200 | — | — | 31,418 | 2,499,656
Executive Vice President, | 2011 | 529,615 | — | 1,233,600 | 582,000 | — | — | 32,884 | 2,378,099
President, Big Lots | 2010 | 490,769 | — | 898,000 | 683,500 | 494,610 | — | 32,615 | 2,599,494
Canada (14)
Charles W. Haubiel II, | 2012 | 494,308 | — | 1,315,500 | 571,200 | — | — | 28,306 | 2,409,314
Executive Vice President, | 2011 | 436,154 | — | 1,233,600 | 582,000 | — | — | 26,156 | 2,277,910
Chief Administrative | 2010 | 405,000 | — | 718,400 | 615,150 | 410,526 | — | 29,211 | 2,178,287
Officer and Corporate
Secretary (15)
Doug M. Wurl, | 2012 | 294,232 | — | 1,315,500 | 571,200 | — | — | 265,158 | 2,446,090
Former Executive
Vice President,
Merchandising (10)(16) ____________________ (1) | Except for Mr. Johnson and Mr. Wurl, we are a party to an employment agreement with each of our named executive officers, the material terms of which are described in the “Overview of our Executive Compensation Program - Employment Agreements” section of the CD&A. We are a party to a senior executive severance agreement with Mr. Johnson, and were previously a party to senior executive severance agreement with Mr. Wurl, the material terms of which are described in the “Overview of Executive Compensation Program – Senior Executive Severance Agreements” section of the CD&A. - 40 - (2) | The amounts in this column reflect the salary earned by each named executive officer during fiscal 2012, which included a 53 rd week.
(3) | The amounts in this column reflect the aggregate grant date fair value of the restricted stock awards granted under the 2005 LTIP and 2012 LTIP to our named executive officers in the fiscal years reported as computed in accordance with ASC 718, excluding the effect of any estimated forfeiture. The aggregate grant date fair value reflected in this column is based on the number of shares of restricted stock granted and the fair value of the restricted stock on the grant date (i.e., for restricted stock granted in on March 6, 2012, $43.85 per common share – the average of the opening price and the closing price of our common shares on the NYSE on the grant date, as determined in accordance with ASC 718 and the terms of the 2005 LTIP).
(4) | The amounts in this column reflect the aggregate grant date fair value of the stock option awards granted under the 2005 and 2012 LTIP to our named executive officers in the fiscal years reported as computed in accordance with ASC 718, excluding the effect of any estimated forfeiture. See Note 7 (Share-Based Plans) to the consolidated financial statements and the Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates – Share- Based Compensation section of Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations (“MD&A”) in our Form 10-K regarding the assumptions underlying the valuation of stock option awards.
(5) | The amounts in this column reflect cash bonuses earned under the 2006 Bonus Plan for performance during each of the last three fiscal years. A portion of the cash bonuses earned by Mr. Martin and Mr. Haubiel for fiscal 2010 performance and included in this column was deferred into the Supplemental Savings Plan upon the payment of such amount to Mr. Martin and Mr. Haubiel in fiscal 2011. The Supplemental Savings Plan is described in the narrative disclosure accompanying the Nonqualified Deferred Compensation table below.
(6) | For fiscal 2012, the amounts in this column include the following compensation for our named executive officers, as more fully described in the table included with this footnote:
i. | The reimbursement of taxes related to our payment of healthcare costs covered by the Executive Benefit Plan and long-term disability insurance premiums;
ii. | Big Lots matching contributions made pursuant to the Savings Plan and the Supplemental Savings Plan, both of which are described in the narrative disclosure accompanying the Nonqualified Deferred Compensation table below;
iii. | Big Lots paid healthcare costs covered by the Executive Benefit Plan, which is described in the “Overview of our Executive Compensation Program – Elements of In-Service Compensation – Personal Benefits/Perquisites” section of the CD&A;
iv. | Big Lots paid premiums for life insurance, which is generally available to all full-time employees;
v. | Big Lots paid premiums for long-term disability insurance, which is described in the “Overview of our Executive Compensation Program – Elements of In-Service Compensation – Personal Benefits/ Perquisites” section of the CD&A;
vi. | The cost to Big Lots associated with the use of an automobile or the receipt of a cash allowance in lieu of an automobile; and
vii. | The aggregate incremental cost to Big Lots associated with Mr. Fishman’s non-business use of corporate aircraft. The aggregate incremental cost of
non-business use of corporate aircraft is calculated based on the direct costs
we incur in connection with operating a flight, including expenses for fuel,
oil, landing, ground services, onboard catering, crew hotel and meals, empty
return (deadhead) flights and other miscellaneous variable costs. The aggregate
incremental cost also includes per flight hour maintenance costs calculated
based upon the total maintenance costs incurred by us during the prior two years
and dividing those costs by the number of hours flown during that same period.
Due to the fact that the corporate aircraft are used primarily for business
travel, fixed costs which do not change based on usage, such as pilot salaries,
hangar fees, management fees, purchase costs, depreciation and capitalized
improvements to the aircraft, are excluded. We did not reimburse or otherwise
“gross-up” Mr. Fishman for any income tax obligation attributed to his
non-business use of corporate aircraft. The benefit - 41 - of non-business use of corporate aircraft,
which was approved by the Compensation Committee for fiscal 2012 as part of Mr.
Fishman’s overall compensation package, is described in the “Overview of our
Executive Compensation Program – Elements of In-Service Compensation – Personal
Benefits/Perquisites” section of the CD&A. Big Lots
Big Lots | Big Lots Paid | Paid | Use of
Contributions | Healthcare | Big Lots | Long-Term | Automobile
to Defined | Costs under | Paid Life | Disability | or | Non-Business
Reimbursement | Contribution | Executive | Insurance | Insurance | Automobile | Aircraft
of Taxes | Plans | Benefit Plan | Premiums | Premiums | Allowance | Usage
Name | ($) | ($) | ($) | ($) | ($) | ($) | ($)
Mr. Fishman | 6,019 | — | 7,219 | 1,128 | 941 | 22,640 | 303,973
Mr. Johnson | 2,857 | 10,000 | 5,238 | 676 | 709 | 14,147 | —
Mr. Martin | 11,555 | 10,000 | 14,724 | 998 | 941 | 13,708 | —
Ms. Bachmann | 5,793 | 10,000 | 6,912 | 1,007 | 941 | 13,708 | —
Mr. Cooper | 2,867 | 10,000 | 2,946 | 956 | 941 | 13,708 | —
Mr. Haubiel | 1,593 | 10,000 | 1,221 | 846 | 938 | 13,708 | —
Mr. Wurl | 2,643 | — | 4,875 | 998 | 627 | 13,708 | — (7) | We purchase tickets to entertainment and sporting venues for the primary purpose of allowing employees to use such tickets in furtherance of our business. Because we incur no incremental cost if a named executive officer uses such tickets for purposes other than our business, such tickets are not included in the amounts included in this column.
( 8) | For Mr. Wurl, the amount in this column also includes severance payments of $242,307 in accordance with the severance agreement entered into between us and Mr. Wurl on September 14, 2012.
(9) | As a percentage of their total compensation in fiscal 2012, fiscal 2011 and fiscal 2010, the salary and non-equity incentive plan compensation (i.e., bonuses earned under the 2006 Bonus Plan) for each named executive officer was as follows: Fiscal 2012 | Fiscal 2011 | Fiscal 2010
Non-Equity | Non-Equity | Non-Equity
Incentive Plan | Incentive Plan | Incentive Plan
Salary | Compensation | Salary | Compensation | Salary | Compensation
Name | (%) | (%) | (%) | (%) | (%) | (%)
Mr. Fishman | 11.8 | — | 11.7 | — | 10.2 | 20.7
Mr. Johnson | 17.4 | — | — | — | — | —
Mr. Martin | 23.9 | — | 26.3 | — | 24.6 | 24.5
Ms. Bachmann | 23.6 | — | 22.3 | — | 18.8 | 19.0
Mr. Cooper | 23.3 | — | 22.3 | — | 18.9 | 19.0
Mr. Haubiel | 20.5 | — | 19.1 | — | 18.6 | 18.8
Mr. Wurl | 21.8 | — | — | — | — | — (10) | Mr. Johnson and Mr. Wurl were not named executive officers in fiscal 2011 and fiscal 2010.
(11) | Mr. Johnson served as our Senior Vice President, Finance, until assuming his current position on August 23, 2012.
(12) | Mr. Martin served as our Executive Vice President, Administration until assuming his current position on August 23, 2012.
(13) | Ms. Bachmann served as our Executive Vice President, Supply Chain Management and Chief Information Officer until assuming her current position on August 23, 2012.
(14) | Mr. Cooper served as our Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and President, Big Lots Canada, Inc. until assuming his current position on August 23, 2012. - 42 - (15) | Mr. Haubiel served as our Executive Vice President, Legal and Real Estate, General Counsel and Corporate Secretary until assuming his current position on August 23, 2012.
(16) | Mr. Wurl resigned as our Executive Vice President, Merchandising on August 22, 2012. Bonus and Equity
Plans The amounts reported in the Summary
Compensation Table above include amounts earned under the 2006 Bonus Plan, the
2005 LTIP and the 2012 LTIP. Below is a description of the material terms of
each plan and the awards made under those plans to our named executive officers,
as reflected in the Grants of Plan-Based Awards in Fiscal 2012 table that
follows. Big Lots 2006 Bonus Plan The 2006 Bonus Plan provides for cash
compensation, which is intended to qualify as “qualified performance-based
compensation” under Section 162(m) of the IRC, to be paid annually when we meet
or exceed pre-established minimum corporate performance amounts under one or
more financial measures approved by the Compensation Committee and other outside
directors at the start of the fiscal year. Whether we will achieve the minimum
corporate performance amounts is substantially uncertain at the time the
corporate performance amounts and financial measures are established. No right
to a minimum bonus exists, and the Compensation Committee has the discretion to
cancel or decrease a bonus (but may not increase a bonus for a covered employee
(as that term is used within Section 162(m)) calculated under the 2006 Bonus
Plan. Any payments made with respect to a fiscal year are made in the first
quarter of the following fiscal year. The bonus awards that may be earned under
the 2006 Bonus Plan range from the floor to the stretch bonus payout
percentages, and include all amounts in between. The smallest target and stretch
bonus payout percentages that may be set annually for our named executive
officers are set forth in their respective employment agreements. The threshold
bonus payout percentage is pre-established annually by the Compensation
Committee and the other outside directors and has historically been one-half of
the target bonus payout percentage. Subject to the terms of the employment
agreements, the Compensation Committee and the other outside directors retain
the right to adjust the payout percentages and, in the past, have generally done
so as deemed necessary to realign an executive’s bonus opportunity with our
compensation philosophy. Pursuant to the terms of the 2006 Bonus Plan, the
maximum bonus payable under the plan to a participant in a single fiscal year is
$4,000,000. See the “Overview of our Executive Compensation Program – Elements
of In-Service Compensation – Bonus,” “Overview of our Executive Compensation
Program – Employment Agreements” and “Our Executive Compensation Program for
Fiscal 2012 – Bonus for Fiscal 2012” sections of the CD&A for more
information regarding the 2006 Bonus Plan and the awards made under that plan
for fiscal 2012. Big Lots 2005 Long-Term Incentive
Plan From January 1, 2006 through May 23, 2012,
all employee equity awards, including those made to our named executive
officers, were granted under the 2005 LTIP. The 2005 LTIP authorized the grant
of non-qualified stock options (“NQSOs”), incentive stock options (“ISOs”) as
defined in Section 422 of the IRC, stock appreciation rights (“SARs”),
restricted stock, restricted stock units and performance unit awards, any of
which could have been granted on a stand-alone, combination or tandem basis. We
granted only stock options and restricted stock under the 2005 LTIP. Awards under the 2005 LTIP could have been
granted to any salaried employee, consultant or advisor of Big Lots or its
affiliates. The number of common shares available for grant under the 2005 LTIP
consisted of: (1) an initial allocation of 1,250,000 common shares; (2) the
2,001,142 common shares that were available under the predecessor 1996 LTIP upon
its expiration; (3) 2,100,000 common shares approved by our shareholders in May
2008; and (4) an annual increase equal to 0.75% of the total number of issued
common shares (including treasury shares) as of the start of each fiscal year
during which the 2005 LTIP was in effect. No more than one-third of all common
shares awarded under the 2005 LTIP could have been granted in the form of
restricted stock, restricted stock units and performance units, and no more than
5,000,000 common shares could have been granted as ISOs. A participant could
have received multiple awards under the 2005 LTIP. Awards intended to qualify as
“qualified performance-based compensation” under Section 162(m) are limited to:
(1) 2,000,000 shares of restricted stock per participant annually; (2) 3,000,000
common shares underlying stock options and SARs per participant during any three
consecutive calendar years; and (3) $6,000,000 in cash through performance units
per participant during any three - 43 - consecutive calendar years. Also, the 2005
LTIP provided that the total number of common shares underlying outstanding
awards granted under the 2005 LTIP, the 1996 LTIP, the Big Lots, Inc. Executive
Stock Option and Stock Appreciation Rights Plan (“ESO Plan”), and the Director
Stock Option Plan could not exceed 15% of our issued and outstanding common
shares (including treasury shares) as of any date. The 1996 LTIP, the ESO Plan
and the Director Stock Option Plan have terminated, and there are no awards
outstanding under the ESO Plan. Each stock option granted under the 2005
LTIP allowed the recipient to acquire our common shares, subject to the
completion of a vesting period and continued employment with us through the
applicable vesting date. Once vested, these common shares may be acquired at a
fixed exercise price per share and they remain exercisable for the term set
forth in the award agreement. Stock option awards made under the 2005 LTIP vest
on the anniversary of the grant date at a rate of 25% per year over the first
four years of the seven year option term. Pursuant to the terms of the 2005
LTIP, the exercise price of a stock option may not be less than the average
trading price of our common shares on the grant date or, if the grant date
occurs on a day other than a trading day, on the next trading day. Under the restricted stock awards granted
pursuant to the 2005 LTIP (other than those made to the outside directors, which
are discussed in the “Director Compensation” section of this Proxy Statement,
and those made to Mr. Fishman pursuant to his retention agreement, which are
discussed in the “Overview of Our Executive Compensation Program – Retention
Agreement” section of the CD&A), if we meet the first trigger and the
recipient remains employed by us, the restricted stock will vest at the opening
of our first trading window after the fifth anniversary of the grant date. If we
meet the second trigger for any fiscal year ending prior to the fifth
anniversary of the grant date and the recipient remains employed by us, the
restricted stock will vest on the first trading day after we file with the SEC
our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year in which the second trigger is met.
The restricted stock will also vest on a prorated basis in the event that the
recipient dies or becomes disabled after we meet the first trigger but before
the fifth anniversary of the grant date. The restricted stock will be forfeited,
in whole or in part, as applicable, if the recipient’s employment with us
terminates prior to vesting. See the “Our Executive Compensation Program for
Fiscal 2012 – Equity for Fiscal 2012” section of the CD&A and the “Potential
Payments Upon Termination or Change in Control – Rights Under Post-Termination
and Change in Control Arrangements” section below for more information regarding
the equity awards made under the 2005 LTIP in fiscal 2012. Upon a change in control (as defined in
the 2005 LTIP), all awards outstanding under the 2005 LTIP automatically become
fully vested. For a discussion of the change in control provisions in our named
executive officers’ employment agreements, senior executive severance agreements
and the 2005 LTIP, see the “Potential Payments Upon Termination or Change in
Control – Rights Under Post-Termination and Change in Control Arrangements”
section below. Big Lots 2012 Long-Term Incentive
Plan Since May 23, 2012, all employee equity
awards, including those made to our named executive officers, have been granted
under the 2012 LTIP. The 2012 LTIP authorizes the grants of (1) NQSOs, (2) ISOs,
(3) SARs, (4) restricted stock, (5) restricted stock units, (6) deferred stock
units, (7) performance shares, (8) performance share units, (9) performance
units, (10) cash-based awards, and (11) other stock-based awards (NQSOs, ISOs,
SARs, restricted stock, restricted stock units, deferred stock units,
performance shares, performance share units, performance units, cash-based
awards and other stock-based awards are referred to collectively as “Awards”).
All of our and our affiliates’ employees, outside directors and consultants are
eligible to receive Awards under the 2012 LTIP. The total number of common shares
available for Awards under the 2012 LTIP is equal to the sum of (1) 7,750,000
newly issued common shares plus (2) any common shares subject to the 4,702,362
outstanding awards as of March 15, 2012 under the 2005 LTIP that on or after
March 15, 2012 cease for any reason to be subject to such awards (other than by
reason of exercise or settlement of the awards to the extent they are exercised
for or settled in vested and nonforfeitable common shares). - 44 - Of the total number of common shares
available for grant under the 2012 LTIP, no more than 7,750,000 common shares
may be issued pursuant to grants of ISOs during the term of the 2012 LTIP. A
participant may receive multiple Awards under the 2012 LTIP. Awards intended to
qualify as “qualified performance-based compensation” under Section 162(m) shall
be limited to the following per participant annual fiscal year amounts: Award Type | Annual Limit per Participant
Stock Options | 2,000,000 common shares
SARs | 2,000,000 common shares
Restricted Stock | 1,000,000 common shares
Restricted Stock Units | 1,000,000 common shares
Deferred Stock Units | 1,000,000 common shares
Performance Shares, Performance Share Units and | 1,000,000 common shares or equivalent value
Performance Units
Cash-Based Awards | Greater of $7,000,000 or the value of
1,000,000 common shares
Other Stock-Based Awards | 1,000,000 common shares Each stock option granted under the 2012
LTIP allows the recipient to acquire our common shares, subject to the
completion of a vesting period and continued employment with us through the
applicable vesting date. Once vested, these common shares may be acquired at a
fixed exercise price per share and they remain exercisable for the term set
forth in the award agreement. Stock option awards made under the 2012 LTIP vest
on the anniversary of the grant date at a rate of 25% per year over the first
four years of the seven year option term. Pursuant to the terms of the 2012
LTIP, the exercise price of a stock option may not be less than the average
trading price of our common shares on the grant date or, if the grant date
occurs on a day other than a trading day, on the next trading day. Under the restricted stock awards granted
pursuant to the 2012 LTIP (other than those made to the outside directors, which
are discussed in the “Director Compensation” section of this Proxy Statement),
if we meet the first trigger and the recipient remains employed by us, the
restricted stock will vest at the opening of our first trading window after the
fifth anniversary of the grant date. If we meet the second trigger for any
fiscal year ending prior to the fifth anniversary of the grant date and the
recipient remains employed by us, the restricted stock will vest on the first
trading day after we file with the SEC our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the
year in which the second trigger is met. The restricted stock will also vest on
a prorated basis in the event that the recipient dies or becomes disabled after
we meet the first trigger but before the lapse of five years. The restricted
stock will be forfeited, in whole or in part, as applicable, if the recipient’s
employment with us terminates prior to vesting. See the “Our Executive
Compensation Program for Fiscal 2012 – Equity for Fiscal 2012” section of the
CD&A and the “Potential Payments Upon Termination or Change in Control –
Rights Under Post-Termination and Change in Control Arrangements” section below
for more information regarding the equity awards made under the 2012 LTIP in
fiscal 2012. Upon a change in control (as defined in
the 2012 LTIP), all awards outstanding under the 2012 LTIP automatically become
fully vested. For a discussion of the change in control provisions in our named
executive officers’ employment agreements and senior executive severance
agreements and the 2012 LTIP, see “Potential Payments Upon Termination or Change
in Control – Rights Under Post Termination and Change in Control Arrangements”
section below. - 45 - Grants of Plan-Based Awards in Fiscal
2012 The following table sets forth each award
made to our named executive officers in fiscal 2012 under the 2006 Bonus Plan,
the 2005 LTIP and the 2012 LTIP. All Other | All Other | Closing
Stock | Option | Market | Grant
Estimated Possible Payouts | Estimated Future Payouts | Awards: | Awards: | Exercise | Price of | Date Fair
Under Non-Equity Incentive | Under Equity Incentive | Number | Number of | or Base | Option | Value of
Plan Awards | Plan Awards | of Shares | Securities | Price of | Awards | Stock and
Grant | Award | (3) | (4) | of Stock | Underlying | Option | on Grant | Option
Date | Date | Threshold | Target | Maximum | Threshold | Target | Maximum | or Units | Options | Awards | Date | Awards
Name | (1) | (2) | ($) | ($) | ($) | (#) | (#) | (#) | (#) | (#) (5) | ($/Sh.) (6) | ($/Shr.) | ($)
(a) | (b) | - | (c) | (d) | (e) | (f) | (g) | (h) | (i) | (j) | (k) | - | (l)
Mr. Fishman | — | — | 840,000 | 1,680,000 | 3,360,000 | — | — | — | — | — | — | — | —
3/6/12 | 3/2/12 | — | — | — | — | 240,000 | — | — | — | — | — | 10,524,000
Mr. Johnson | — | — | 100,000 | 200,000 | 400,000 | — | — | — | — | — | — | — | —
3/6/12 | 3/2/12 | — | — | — | — | 15,000 | — | — | — | — | — | 657,750
3/6/12 | 3/2/12 | — | — | — | — | — | — | — | 35,000 | 43.85 | 44.39 | 499,800
8/28/12 | 8/24/12 | — | — | — | — | 15,000 | — | — | — | — | — | 462,300
8/28/12 | 8/24/12 | — | — | — | — | — | — | — | 5,000 | 30.82 | 31.10 | 58,350
Mr. Martin | — | — | 177,000 | 354,000 | 708,000 | — | — | — | — | — | — | — | —
3/6/12 | 3/2/12 | — | — | — | — | 30,000 | — | — | — | — | — | 1,315,500
3/6/12 | 3/2/12 | — | — | — | — | — | — | — | 40,000 | 43.85 | 44.39 | 571,200
Ms. Bachmann | — | — | 178,500 | 357,000 | 714,000 | — | — | — | — | — | — | — | —
3/6/12 | 3/2/12 | — | — | — | — | 30,000 | — | — | — | — | — | 1,315,500
3/6/12 | 3/2/12 | — | — | — | — | — | — | — | 40,000 | 43.85 | 44.39 | 571,200
Mr. Cooper | — | — | 169,500 | 339,000 | 678,000 | — | — | — | — | — | — | — | —
3/6/12 | 3/2/12 | — | — | — | — | 30,000 | — | — | — | — | — | 1,315,500
3/6/12 | 3/2/12 | — | — | — | — | — | — | — | 40,000 | 43.85 | 44.39 | 571,200
Mr. Haubiel | — | — | 150,000 | 300,000 | 600,000 | — | — | — | — | — | — | — | —
3/6/12 | 3/2/12 | — | — | — | — | 30,000 | — | — | — | — | — | 1,315,500
3/6/12 | 3/2/12 | — | — | — | — | — | — | — | 40,000 | 43.85 | 44.39 | 571,200
Mr. Wurl | — | — | 157,500 | 315,000 | 630,000 | — | — | — | — | — | — | — | —
3/6/12 | 3/2/12 | — | — | — | — | 30,000 | — | — | — | — | — | 1,315,500
3/6/12 | 3/2/12 | — | — | — | — | — | — | — | 40,000 | 43.85 | 44.39 | 571,200 ____________________ (1) | As discussed in the “Our Executive Compensation Program for Fiscal 2012 – Equity Grant Timing” section of the CD&A, in fiscal 2012, except for Mr. Johnson’s equity awards granted on August 28, 2012, the Board set as the grant date of these equity awards the second trading day following our release of results from our last completed fiscal year. This future date was established to allow the market to absorb and react to our release of material non-public information, and to avoid any suggestion that the Board, the Compensation Committee or any employee manipulated the terms of the equity awards.
(2) | The Award Date represents the date on which the Board authorized the equity-based award and set the grant date.
(3) | The amounts in columns (c), (d) and (e) represent our named executive officers’ threshold, target and stretch bonus levels, respectively, for fiscal 2012 pursuant to the 2006 Bonus Plan, which bonus levels are further described in the “Our Executive Compensation Program for Fiscal 2012 – Bonus for Fiscal 2012” section of the CD&A. For fiscal 2012, our named executive officers did not earn a bonus under the 2006 Bonus Plan, as reflected in column (g) of the Summary Compensation Table. Mr. Wurl resigned on August 22, 2012, and was not paid a bonus in fiscal 2012. - 46 - (4) | The amounts in column (g) represent restricted stock awarded pursuant to the 2005 LTIP and, in the case of Mr. Johnson’s restricted stock award granted on August 28, 2012, the 2012 LTIP, which awards are described in the narrative preceding this table and the “Our Executive Compensation Program for Fiscal 2012 – Equity for Fiscal 2012” section of the CD&A. We did not achieve the fiscal 2012 corporate performance goal previously established for Mr. Fishman’s fiscal 2012 restricted stock award, therefore, Mr. Fishman’s restricted stock did not vest and was forfeited. Because we met the first trigger, but not the second trigger, as a result of fiscal 2012 corporate performance, the restricted stock granted to our named executive officers in fiscal 2012 (other than Mr. Fishman) did not vest. There are no minimum or maximum “estimated future payouts” applicable to the restricted stock awards included in column (g).
(5) | The amounts in column (j) represent NQSOs awarded pursuant to the 2005 LTIP and, in the case of Mr. Johnson’s option award granted on August 28, 2012, the 2012 LTIP, which awards are described in the narrative preceding this table and the “Our Executive Compensation Program for Fiscal 2012 – Equity for Fiscal 2012” section of the CD&A.
(6) | Pursuant to the terms of the 2005 LTIP and 2012 LTIP, the exercise price of the NQSOs awarded in fiscal 2012 is equal to the fair market value of our common shares on the grant date. The fair market value is determined by calculating the average of the opening and closing prices for our common shares on the NYSE. We believe this method is preferable to using only the closing market price, as it is less vulnerable to market activity that may have only an instantaneous effect, positively or negatively, on the price of our common shares. - 47 - Outstanding Equity Awards at 2012
Fiscal Year-End The following table sets forth, as of the
end of fiscal 2012, all equity awards outstanding under our equity compensation
plans for each named executive officer. Option Awards | Stock Awards
Equity
Incentive
Equity | Plan
Incentive | Awards:
Equity | Plan | Market
Incentive | Market | Awards: | or Payout
Plan | Value of | Number of | Value of
Number | Number | Awards: | Number | Shares | Unearned | Unearned
of | of | Number of | of Shares | or Units | Shares, | Shares,
Securities | Securities | Securities | or Units | of Stock | Units or | Units or
Underlying | Underlying | Underlying | of Stock | That | Other | Other
Unexercised | Unexercised | Unexercised | Option | That | Have | Rights | Rights
Options | Options | Unearned | Exercise | Option | Have Not | Not | That Have | That Have
(#) | (#) | Options | Price | Expiration | Vested | Vested | Not Vested | Not Vested
Name | Exercisable | Unexercisable | (#) | ($) (1) | Date | (#) | ($) | (#) (2) | ($)
(a) | (b) | (c) | (d) | (e) | (f) | (g) | (h) | (i) | (j)
Mr. Fishman | 225,010 | 82,500 | — | 17.47 | 3/6/2016 | — | — | — | —
— | — | — | — | — | — | — | 240,000 | 7,761,600
Mr. Johnson | 7,500 | — | — | 28.73 | 3/13/2014 | — | — | — | —
7,500 | — | — | 21.06 | 3/7/2015 | — | — | — | —
— | 1,875 | — | 17.47 | 3/6/2016 | — | — | — | —
7,500 | 7,500 | — | 35.92 | 3/5/2017 | — | — | — | —
3,000 | 9,000 | — | 41.12 | 3/7/2018 | — | — | — | —
2,000 | 6,000 | — | 33.67 | 7/18/2018 | — | — | — | —
— | 35,000 | — | 43.85 | 3/6/2019 | — | — | — | —
— | 5,000 | — | 30.82 | 8/28/2019 | — | — | — | —
— | — | — | — | — | — | — | 40,000 | 1,293,600
Mr. Martin | — | 9,375 | — | 17.47 | 3/6/2016 | — | — | — | —
— | 20,000 | — | 35.92 | 3/5/2017 | — | — | — | —
— | 26,250 | — | 41.12 | 3/7/2018 | — | — | — | —
— | 40,000 | — | 43.85 | 3/6/2019 | — | — | — | —
— | — | — | — | — | — | — | 55,000 | 1,778,700
Ms. Bachmann | 37,500 | — | — | 28.73 | 3/13/2014 | — | — | — | —
48,750 | — | — | 21.06 | 3/7/2015 | — | — | — | —
24,375 | 12,188 | — | 17.47 | 3/6/2016 | — | — | — | —
25,000 | 25,000 | — | 35.92 | 3/5/2017 | — | — | — | —
10,000 | 30,000 | — | 41.12 | 3/7/2018 | — | — | — | —
— | 40,000 | — | 43.85 | 3/6/2019 | — | — | — | —
— | — | — | — | — | — | — | 60,000 | 1,940,400
Mr. Cooper | 12,188 | — | — | 21.06 | 3/7/2015 | — | — | — | —
12,187 | 12,188 | — | 17.47 | 3/6/2016 | — | — | — | —
25,000 | 25,000 | — | 35.92 | 3/5/2017 | — | — | — | —
10,000 | 30,000 | — | 41.12 | 3/7/2018 | — | — | — | —
— | 40,000 | — | 43.85 | 3/6/2019 | — | — | — | —
— | — | — | — | — | — | — | 60,000 | 1,940,400
Mr. Haubiel | — | 9,375 | — | 17.47 | 3/6/2016 | — | — | — | —
22,500 | 22,500 | — | 35.92 | 3/5/2017 | — | — | — | —
10,000 | 30,000 | — | 41.12 | 3/7/2018 | — | — | — | —
— | 40,000 | — | 43.85 | 3/6/2019 | — | — | — | —
— | — | — | — | — | — | — | 60,000 | 1,940,400
Mr. Wurl | 8,750 | — | — | 42.98 | 8/23/2013 | — | — | — | — - 48 - ____________________ (1) | All stock option awards reflected in this table were made pursuant to the 2005 LTIP or 2012 LTIP. Stock option awards made under the 2005 LTIP or 2012 LTIP vest on the anniversary of the grant date at a rate of 25% per year over the first four years of the seven year option term.
(2) | The restricted stock awards reported in column (i) were made in fiscal 2012 for Mr. Fishman and in fiscal 2012 and fiscal 2011 for the other named executive officers, pursuant to the 2005 LTIP or 2012 LTIP. Mr. Fishman’s fiscal 2012 restricted stock award would have vested if we achieved a corporate financial goal established at the beginning of fiscal 2012 and Mr. Fishman was employed by us on the anniversary of the grant date of the award. We did not achieve the fiscal 2012 corporate performance goal previously established for Mr. Fishman’s fiscal 2012 restricted stock award. Therefore, Mr. Fishman’s restricted stock did not vest and was forfeited. For Mr. Johnson, Mr. Martin, Ms. Bachmann, Mr. Cooper and Mr. Haubiel, the first trigger for the fiscal 2012 and fiscal 2011 awards is $1.50, the second trigger for the fiscal 2012 restricted stock awards is $3.95 and the second trigger for the fiscal 2011 restricted stock awards is $3.52. Based on our performance in fiscal 2012, we achieved the first trigger but not the second trigger applicable to the fiscal 2012 restricted stock awards. For additional information regarding the fiscal 2012 restricted stock awards, including the vesting terms, see the narrative discussion preceding the Grants of Plan-Based Awards in Fiscal 2012 table and the “Our Executive Compensation Program for Fiscal 2012 – Equity for Fiscal 2012” section of the CD&A. Option Exercises and Stock Vested in
Fiscal 2012 The following table reflects all stock
option exercises and the vesting of restricted stock held by each of our named
executive officers during fiscal 2012. Option Awards | Stock Awards
Number of | Number of
Shares | Value | Shares | Value
Acquired on | Realized | Acquired on | Realized
Exercise | on Exercise | Vesting | on Vesting
Name | (#) | ($) | (#) | ($)
(a) | (b) | (c) | (d) | (e)
Mr. Fishman | 227,500 | 5,018,185 | 250,000 | 11,600,000
Mr. Johnson | 5,625 | 157,500 | 2,000 | 92,800
Mr. Martin | 73,750 | 1,302,947 | 15,000 | 696,000
Ms. Bachmann | 42,187 | 1,095,931 | 25,000 | 1,160,000
Mr. Cooper | 61,875 | 1,222,429 | 25,000 | 1,160,000
Mr. Haubiel | 75,000 | 1,599,328 | 20,000 | 928,000
Mr. Wurl | — | — | — | — Nonqualified Deferred
Compensation Supplemental Savings
Plan All of our named executive officers, as
well as substantially all other full-time employees, are eligible to participate
in the Savings Plan, our “401(k) plan.” The Supplemental Savings Plan is
maintained for those executives participating in the Savings Plan who desire to
contribute more than the amount allowable under the Savings Plan. The
Supplemental Savings Plan constitutes a contract to pay deferred compensation
and limits deferrals in accordance with prevailing tax law. The Supplemental
Savings Plan is designed to pay the deferred compensation in the same amount as
if contributions had been made to the Savings Plan. We have no obligation to
fund the Supplemental Savings Plan, and all assets and amounts payable under the
Supplemental Savings Plan are subject to the claims of our general
creditors. In order to participate in the Savings and
Supplemental Savings Plans, an eligible employee must satisfy applicable age and
service requirements and must make contributions to such plans (“Participant
Contributions”). Participant Contributions are made through authorized payroll
deductions to one or more of the several investment funds available under the
Savings and Supplemental Savings Plans and selected at the discretion of the
participant. - 49 - All Participant Contributions are matched
by us (“Registrant Contributions”) at a rate of 100% for the first 2% of salary
contributed and 50% for the next 4% of salary contributed. Additionally, the
amount of the Registrant Contribution is subject to the maximum annual
compensation that may be taken into account for benefit calculation purposes
under the IRC ($250,000 for calendar year 2012). Accordingly, the maximum
aggregate Registrant Contribution that could be made to a named executive
officer participating in the Savings and Supplemental Savings Plans was $10,000
for fiscal 2012. Under the Savings Plan and the
Supplemental Savings Plan, 25% of the Registrant Contributions vests annually
beginning on the second anniversary of the employee’s hiring. Under the Savings
Plan, a participant who has terminated employment with us is entitled to all
funds in his or her account, except that if termination is for a reason other
than retirement, disability or death, then the participant is entitled to
receive only the Participant Contributions and the vested portion of the
Registrant Contributions. Under the Supplemental Savings Plan, a participant who
has terminated employment with us for any reason is entitled to receive the
Participant Contributions and only the vested portion of the Registrant
Contributions. Under both plans, all other unvested accrued benefits pertaining
to Registrant Contributions will be forfeited. Upon a change in control of Big
Lots, the participant will receive a lump sum payment of all amounts (vested and
unvested) under the Supplemental Savings Plan. Nonqualified Deferred Compensation
Table for Fiscal 2012 The following table reflects the
contributions to, earnings in and balance of each named executive officer’s
account held under the Supplemental Savings Plan. Executive | Registrant | Aggregate | Aggregate
Contributions | Contributions | Earnings | Withdrawals/ | Aggregate Balance
in Last FY | in Last FY | in Last FY | Distributions | at Last FYE
Name | ($) (1) | ($) (2) | ($) (3) | ($) | ($) (4)
(a) | (b) | (c) | (d) | (e) | (f)
Mr. Fishman | — | — | — | — | —
Mr. Johnson | 41,333 | 5,875 | 50,489 | — | 405,046
Mr. Martin | 28,481 | 5,875 | 122,353 | — | 875,358
Ms. Bachmann | 17,175 | 5,875 | 26,216 | — | 240,551
Mr. Cooper | 11,042 | 5,875 | 21,970 | — | 558,653
Mr. Haubiel | 37,102 | 5,875 | 168,569 | — | 1,192,161
Mr. Wurl | 3,375 | — | 422 | — | 4,899 ____________________ (1) | The amounts in this column are included in the “Salary” column of the Summary Compensation Table for fiscal 2012.
(2) | The amounts in this column are included in the “All Other Compensation” column of the Summary Compensation Table for fiscal 2012.
(3) | The amounts in this column are not included in the Summary Compensation Table as these amounts reflect only the earnings on the investments designated by the named executive officer in his or her Supplemental Savings Plan account in fiscal 2012 (i.e., appreciation or decline in account value). The amounts in this column do not include any above-market or preferential earnings, as defined by Item 402(c)(2)(viii) of Regulation S-K and the instructions thereto.
(4) | $181,336, $41,686, $34,801 and $327,959 of the amounts in this column were previously reported as compensation to Mr. Martin, Ms. Bachmann, Mr. Cooper and Mr. Haubiel, respectively, in the Summary Compensation Table for the prior years reported. - 50 - Potential Payments Upon Termination or
Change in Control The “Rights Under Post-Termination and
Change in Control Arrangements” section below addresses the rights of our named
executive officers under their employment agreements and other compensation
arrangements upon a change in control or in the event their employment with us
is terminated. The “Estimated Payments if Triggering Event Occurred at 2012
Fiscal Year End” section below reflects the payments that may be received by
each named executive officer (or his or her beneficiaries, as applicable) upon a
change in control or in the event the executive’s employment with us is
terminated: (1) involuntarily without cause; (2) in connection with the
executive’s disability; (3) upon the executive’s death; or (4) in connection
with a change in control. Mr. Wurl resigned on August 22, 2012, and was not
eligible for any payments in connection with a change in control. Rights Under Post-Termination and
Change in Control Arrangements Under each employment agreement, if a
named executive officer is terminated for cause or due to his or her voluntary
resignation, we have no further obligation to pay any unearned compensation or
to provide any future benefits to the executive. Generally, under the terms of
each named executive officer’s employment agreement, cause for termination would
exist upon the executive’s: failure to comply with our policies and procedures
 which we reasonably determine has had or is likely to have a material adverse effect on us or our
 affiliates; willful or illegal misconduct or grossly negligent
 conduct that is materially injurious to us or our affiliates; violation of laws or regulations governing us or
 our affiliates or a violation of our codes of ethics; breach of any fiduciary duty owed to us or our
 affiliates; misrepresentation or dishonesty which we
 reasonably determine has had or is likely to have a material adverse effect on us or our affiliates; breach of any provision of the executive’s
 obligations under his or her employment agreement with us; involvement in any act of moral turpitude that has
 a materially injurious effect on us or our affiliates; or breach of the terms of any non-solicitation or
 confidentiality clauses contained in an employment agreement with a former employer. If terminated without cause, Mr. Fishman
would continue to receive his salary for two years and, except for Mr. Johnson,
who would continue to receive his salary for six months, each of the other named
executive officers would continue to receive his or her respective salary for
one year. Each named executive officer would receive a lump sum payment equal to
two times his or her respective salary if terminated in connection with a change
in control (as discussed below). Additionally, each named executive officer (1)
is eligible (based on our achievement of at least the corporate performance
amount corresponding to the threshold bonus level) to receive a prorated bonus
for the fiscal year in which his or her termination is effective if he or she is
terminated without cause or in connection with his or her death or disability,
and (2) will receive two times his or her stretch bonus if terminated following
a change in control. Upon a change in control, all outstanding
stock options become exercisable to the full extent of the original grant and
all unvested restricted stock vests. Upon the named executive officer’s
termination of employment, all exercisable stock options then held may be
exercised until the earlier of the stock option award expiration date or one
year after termination of employment. Additionally, if termination of employment
results from death or disability, then (1) unvested stock options awarded in
fiscal 2009 and after will vest on the day such event occurred, provided such
event occurred at least six months following the grant date, and (2) unvested
restricted stock awards will vest in increments of 20% for each consecutive year
of employment completed since the grant date if the first trigger is met while
employed. Any restricted stock awards not vested at termination of employment,
for reasons other than death or disability, shall be forfeited. Except for Mr. Johnson, each named
executive officer is entitled to receive continued healthcare coverage for up to
two years following a termination without cause or if terminated in connection
with a change in control, plus the amount necessary to reimburse him or her for
the taxes he or she would be liable for as a result of such - 51 - continued healthcare coverage (“Tax
Gross-Up Amount”). Mr. Johnson is entitled to receive continued healthcare
coverage for up to six months following a termination without cause and up to
one year following a termination in connection with a change in control, plus
the Tax Gross-Up Amount. Upon a change in control, each participating named
executive officer will receive a lump sum payment of all amounts (vested and
unvested) under the Supplemental Savings Plan. (See the “Nonqualified Deferred
Compensation” section above for more information regarding the Supplemental
Savings Plan and our named executive officers’ aggregate balances under such
plans at the end of fiscal 2012.) Additionally, if terminated without cause, Mr.
Fishman is entitled to continue receiving an automobile or automobile allowance
for two years, and the other named executive officers are entitled to continue
receiving an automobile or automobile allowance for one year, except for Mr.
Johnson who is not entitled to continue to receive an automobile or an
automobile allowance. If the payments received by a named
executive officer in connection with a change in control constitute an “excess
parachute payment” under Section 280G of the IRC, the named executive officer is
entitled to reimbursement for any excise tax imposed under Section 4999 of the
IRC, or the executive’s benefits under his or her employment agreement will be
reduced to the extent necessary to become one dollar less than the amount that
would generate such excise tax, if this reduction results in a larger after-tax
amount to the executive as compared to the excise tax reimbursement method
(“Excise Tax Benefit”). The compensation payable on account of a change in
control may be subject to the deductibility limitations of Sections 162(m) and
280G of the IRC. Change in Control
Described Generally, pursuant to the 1996 LTIP,
the 2005 LTIP, the 2012 LTIP, the Supplemental Savings Plan (as to amounts
earned and vested before January 1, 2005, including earnings attributable to
such amounts) and Mr. Fishman’s retention agreement, a change in control is
deemed to occur if: any person or group (as defined in Section
 13(d) under the Exchange Act) becomes the beneficial owner, or has the right to acquire, 20% or more of our
 outstanding voting securities; a majority of the Board is replaced within
 any two-year period by directors not nominated and approved by a majority of the directors in office at the
 beginning of such period (or their successors so nominated and approved), or a majority of the Board at any date
 consists of persons not so nominated and approved; or our shareholders approve an agreement to
 merge or consolidate with an unrelated company or an agreement to sell or otherwise dispose of all or
 substantially all of our assets to an unrelated company, except pursuant to the terms of the 2012 LTIP, which
 requires the consummation of a merger or consolidation with another entity or the sale or other disposition of
 all or substantially all of our assets (including, without limitation, a plan of liquidation), which has been
 approved by our shareholders. Consistent with the provisions of
Section 409A (“Section 409A”) of the IRC and the Treasury Regulations
promulgated thereunder, pursuant to our named executive officers’ employment
agreements, the senior executive severance agreements, the 2006 Bonus Plan and
the Supplemental Savings Plan (as to all amounts earned and vested on or after
January 1, 2005), a change in control is deemed to occur upon: the acquisition by any person or group (as
 defined under Section 409A) of our common shares that, together with any of our common shares then held by
 such person or group, constitutes more than 50% of the total fair market value or voting power in our outstanding
 voting securities; the acquisition by any person or group,
 within any one year period, of 30% or more of our outstanding voting securities; a majority of the Board is replaced during
 any one year period by directors whose appointment or election is not endorsed by a majority of the directors
 in office prior to the date of such appointment or election; or the acquisition by any person or group,
 within any one year period, of 40% or more of the total gross fair market value of all of our assets, as measured
 immediately prior to such acquisition(s). - 52 - Notwithstanding the foregoing
definitions, pursuant to our named executive officers’ employment agreements,
senior executive severance agreements, the 1996 LTIP, the 2005 LTIP, the 2012
LTIP, the 2006 Bonus Plan and Mr. Fishman’s retention agreement, a change in
control does not include any transaction, merger, consolidation or
reorganization in which we exchange, or offer to exchange, newly issued or
treasury shares in an amount less than 50% of our then-outstanding voting
securities for 51% or more of the outstanding voting securities of an unrelated
company or for all or substantially all of the assets of such unrelated
company. Pursuant to the employment agreements
and senior executive severance agreements, a named executive officer’s
termination in connection with a change in control is generally deemed to occur
if, during the applicable protection period (as discussed in the next
paragraph), we or any other party to the change in control (e.g., the unrelated
acquirer or successor company): terminate the executive without
 cause; breach a term of the employment agreement, as
 applicable; or constructively terminate the executive (i.e.,
 the executive resigns due to the imposition of a material adverse change in the executive’s duties, compensation
 or reporting relationships after our failure to cure such condition). The protection period afforded to Mr.
Fishman consists of the six months preceding a change in control and the two
years following a change in control. The protection period afforded to the other
named executive officers (except Mr. Johnson) consists of the three months
preceding a change in control and the two years following a change in control.
Mr. Johnson’s protection period consists of the two years following a change in
control. Estimated Payments if Triggering
Event Occurred at 2012 Fiscal Year-End The amounts in the following tables
are approximations based on various assumptions and estimates. The actual
amounts to be paid can only be determined at the time of the change in control
or termination of employment, as applicable. In the tables that follow, we have
made the following material assumptions, estimates and
characterizations: Amounts are calculated based on compensation
 levels and benefits effective at February 2, 2013, the last day of fiscal 2012. As noted in the “Non-Equity Incentive Plan
 Compensation” row in the tables below, the amounts payable under the 2006 Bonus Plan upon termination: (1)
 without cause or due to death or disability are based on the bonus actually earned by the applicable named
 executive officer for fiscal 2012 performance (which amounts would be prorated if the executive was
 terminated prior to the end of the fiscal
 year for which the bonus was earned); and (2) in connection with a change in
 control are equal to two times the named
 executive officer’s stretch bonus. We have not taken into account the
 possibility that a named executive officer may be eligible to receive healthcare benefits from another source following
 his or her termination. Therefore, the amounts shown in the “Healthcare Coverage” row in the tables below
 reflect, consistent with the assumptions that would be used to estimate the cost of these benefits for
 financial reporting purposes under generally accepted accounting principles, the current monthly cost to
 provide continued healthcare coverage under the Consolidated Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of 1985 (“COBRA”)
 applied to each month these benefits would
 be provided by the named executive officer’s employment agreement if
 terminated involuntarily without cause or
 in connection with a change in control. Included in the amounts shown
 in the “Healthcare Coverage” row in the
 tables below are the related Tax Gross-Up Amounts. The Tax Gross-Up Amount would be paid under the terms of the named
 executive officer’s employment agreement. The amounts shown in the “Long-Term
 Disability Benefit” row in the tables below represent 67% of the named executive officer’s monthly salary, up to a
 maximum of $25,000 per month in accordance with the long-term disability insurance we maintain for our named executive
 officers. This benefit is payable until
 the named executive officer is no longer disabled or age 65, whichever occurs
 earlier. Due to the speculative nature of
 estimating the period of time during which a named executive officer may
 be disabled, we have presented only one
 month of disability benefits in the tables below. - 53 - The amounts in the “Accelerated Equity Awards” row
 under the “Termination upon Disability” and “Termination upon Death” columns in the tables below represent the
 value (as of the final trading day on the NYSE
 during fiscal 2012) of (1) 20% of the unvested restricted stock awarded to
 each named executive officer in March of 2011
 (other than Mr. Fishman, whose fiscal 2011 restricted stock award previously vested) and (2) all of the unvested stock options
 awarded to our named executive officers in
 fiscal 2009 and after. As discussed in the prior section, if termination of
 employment resulted from death or disability,
 then unvested restricted stock awards made under the 2005 LTIP and 2012
 LTIP will vest in increments of 20% for each
 consecutive year of employment completed since the grant date if the first trigger is met while employed. The first
 trigger for the restricted stock awarded to the
 named executive officers (other than Mr. Fishman) in March of 2011 was met as
 a result of our performance in fiscal 2011.
 Accordingly, 20% of the March 2011 restricted stock awarded to each
 those named executive officers would have
 vested at the end of fiscal 2012 had the executive’s employment terminated on such date as a result of his death or
 disability. As discussed in the prior section, if a named executive officer dies or becomes disabled before the last
 scheduled vesting date of a stock option
 awarded in fiscal 2009 or after, the then-remaining unvested portion of that
 stock option award will vest on the day such
 event occurred, provided such event occurred at least six months following
 the grant date. The amounts in the “Accelerated Equity Awards” row
 under the “Termination in Connection with a Change in Control” and “Change in Control (without termination)”
 columns in the tables below include the value
 of all unvested stock options that were in-the-money at the end of fiscal 2012
 (minus the aggregate stock option exercise
 prices) and all unvested restricted stock that would have vested on an accelerated basis had a change in control occurred as
 of the end of fiscal 2012. As to Mr. Fishman, these amounts include the restricted stock awarded to him in fiscal 2012
 pursuant to his retention agreement; however,
 his fiscal 2012 restricted stock award has since been forfeited. These amounts
 do not reflect any equity awards that have
 vested or have been granted in fiscal 2013. The closing market price of our common shares on
 the final trading day on the NYSE during fiscal 2012 was $32.34 per share. Steven S. Fishman The following table reflects the payments
that would have been due to Mr. Fishman in the event of a change in control
and/or the termination of his employment on February 2, 2013. Event Occurring at February 2, 2013
Involuntary | Involuntary | Termination | Change in
Termination | Termination | Termination | Termination | in Connection | Control
with | without | Voluntary | upon | upon | with a Change | (without
Cause | Cause | Termination | Disability | Death | in Control | termination)
Salary/Salary Continuation ($) | — | 2,800,000 | — | — | — | 2,800,000 | —
Non-Equity Incentive Plan
Compensation ($) | — | 0 | — | 0 | 0 | 6,720,000 | —
Healthcare Coverage ($) | — | 107,926 | — | — | — | 107,926 | —
Long-Term Disability Benefit ($) | — | — | — | 25,000 | — | — | —
Use of Automobile/Automobile
Allowance ($) | — | 45,280 | — | — | — | — | —
Accelerated Equity Awards ($) | — | — | — | 1,226,775 | 1,226,775 | 8,988,375 | 8,988,375
Excise Tax Benefit ($) | — | — | — | — | — | 0 | 0
Total ($) | — | 2,953,206 | — | 1,251,775 | 1,226,775 | 18,616,301 | 8,988,375 - 54 - Timothy J. Johnson The following table reflects the payments
that would have been due to Mr. Johnson in the event of a change in control
and/or the termination of his employment with us on February 2, 2013. Event Occurring at February 2, 2013
Involuntary | Involuntary | Termination | Change in
Termination | Termination | Termination | Termination | in Connection | Control
with | without | Voluntary | upon | upon | with a Change | (without
Cause | Cause | Termination | Disability | Death | in Control | termination)
Salary/Salary Continuation ($) | — | 200,000 | — | — | — | 800,000 | —
Non-Equity Incentive Plan
Compensation ($) | — | 0 | — | 0 | 0 | 800,000 | —
Healthcare Coverage ($) | — | 26,416 | — | — | — | 52,832 | —
Long-Term Disability Benefit ($) | — | — | — | 22,333 | — | — | —
Use of Automobile/Automobile
Allowance ($) | — | — | — | — | — | — | —
Accelerated Equity Awards ($) | — | — | — | 100,161 | 100,161 | 1,329,081 | 1,329,081
Excise Tax Benefit ($) | — | — | — | — | — | 1,398,552 | 0
Total ($) | — | 226,416 | — | 122,494 | 100,161 | 4,380,465 | 1,329,081 John C. Martin The following table reflects the payments
that would have been due to Mr. Martin in the event of a change in control
and/or the termination of his employment with us on February 2, 2013. Event Occurring at February 2, 2013
Involuntary | Involuntary | Termination | Change in
Termination | Termination | Termination | Termination | in Connection | Control
with | without | Voluntary | upon | upon | with a Change | (without
Cause | Cause | Termination | Disability | Death | in Control | termination)
Salary/Salary Continuation ($) | — | 590,000 | — | — | — | 1,180,000 | —
Non-Equity Incentive Plan
Compensation ($) | — | 0 | — | 0 | 0 | 1,416,000 | —
Healthcare Coverage ($) | — | 65,252 | — | — | — | 65,252 | —
Long-Term Disability Benefit ($) | — | — | — | 25,000 | — | — | —
Use of Automobile/Automobile
Allowance ($) | — | 13,708 | — | — | — | — | —
Accelerated Equity Awards ($) | — | — | — | 301,106 | 301,106 | 1,918,106 | 1,918,106
Excise Tax Benefit ($) | — | — | — | — | — | 0 | 0
Total ($) | — | 668,960 | — | 326,106 | 301,106 | 4,579,358 | 1,918,106 - 55 - Lisa M. Bachmann The following table reflects the payments
that would have been due to Ms. Bachmann in the event of a change in control
and/or the termination of her employment with us on February 2, 2013. Event Occurring at February 2, 2013
Involuntary | Involuntary | Termination | Change in
Termination | Termination | Termination | Termination | in Connection | Control
with | without | Voluntary | upon | upon | with a Change | (without
Cause | Cause | Termination | Disability | Death | in Control | termination)
Salary/Salary Continuation ($) | — | 595,000 | — | — | — | 1,190,000 | —
Non-Equity Incentive Plan
Compensation ($) | — | 0 | — | 0 | 0 | 1,428,000 | —
Healthcare Coverage ($) | — | 105,029 | — | — | — | 105,029 | —
Long-Term Disability Benefit ($) | — | — | — | 25,000 | — | — | —
Use of Automobile/Automobile
Allowance ($) | — | 13,708 | — | — | — | — | —
Accelerated Equity Awards ($) | — | — | — | 375,276 | 375,276 | 2,121,636 | 2,121,636
Excise Tax Benefit ($) | — | — | — | — | — | 0 | 0
Total ($) | — | 713,737 | — | 400,276 | 375,276 | 4,844,665 | 2,121,636 Joe R. Cooper The following table reflects the payments
that would have been due to Mr. Cooper in the event of a change in control
and/or the termination of his employment with us on February 2, 2013. Event Occurring at February 2, 2013
Involuntary | Involuntary | Termination | Change in
Termination | Termination | Termination | Termination | in Connection | Control
with | without | Voluntary | upon | upon | with a Change | (without
Cause | Cause | Termination | Disability | Death | in Control | termination)
Salary/Salary Continuation ($) | — | 565,000 | — | — | — | 1,130,000 | —
Non-Equity Incentive Plan
Compensation ($) | — | 0 | — | 0 | 0 | 1,356,000 | —
Healthcare Coverage ($) | — | 105,029 | — | — | — | 105,029 | —
Long-Term Disability Benefit ($) | — | — | — | 25,000 | — | — | —
Use of Automobile/Automobile
Allowance ($) | — | 13,708 | — | — | — | — | —
Accelerated Equity Awards ($) | — | — | — | 375,276 | 375,276 | 2,121,636 | 2,121,636
Excise Tax Benefit ($) | — | — | — | — | — | 0 | 0
Total ($) | — | 683,737 | — | 400,276 | 375,276 | 4,712,665 | 2,121,636 - 56 - Charles W. Haubiel II The following table reflects the payments
that would have been due to Mr. Haubiel in the event of a change in control
and/or the termination of his employment with us on February 2, 2013. Event Occurring at February 2, 2013
Involuntary | Involuntary | Termination | Change in
Termination | Termination | Termination | Termination | in Connection | Control
with | without | Voluntary | upon | upon | with a Change | (without
Cause | Cause | Termination | Disability | Death | in Control | termination)
Salary/Salary Continuation ($) | — | 500,000 | — | — | — | 1,000,000 | —
Non-Equity Incentive Plan
Compensation ($) | — | 0 | — | 0 | 0 | 1,200,000 | —
Healthcare Coverage ($) | — | 65,252 | — | — | — | 65,252 | —
Long-Term Disability Benefit ($) | — | — | — | 25,000 | — | — | —
Use of Automobile/Automobile
Allowance ($) | — | 13,708 | — | — | — | — | —
Accelerated Equity Awards ($) | — | — | — | 333,446 | 333,446 | 2,079,806 | 2,079,806
Excise Tax Benefit ($) | — | — | — | — | — | 0 | 0
Total ($) | — | 578,960 | — | 358,446 | 333,446 | 4,345,058 | 2,079,806 PROPOSAL TWO: APPROVAL, ON AN
ADVISORY BASIS, OF THE COMPENSATION OF OUR NAMED EXECUTIVE OFFICERS, AS
DISCLOSED IN THIS PROXY STATEMENT PURSUANT TO ITEM 402 OF REGULATION S-K,
INCLUDING THE CD&A, COMPENSATION TABLES AND THE NARRATIVE DISCUSSION ACCOMPANYING THE TABLES Section 14A of the Exchange Act requires
that we provide our shareholders with the opportunity to vote to approve, on a
nonbinding, advisory basis, the compensation of our named executive officers as
disclosed in this Proxy Statement in accordance with the compensation disclosure
rules of the SEC. The following summary of our executive compensation program
describes our compensation philosophy and the key objectives identified by our
Compensation Committee to implement our compensation philosophy. We believe it is important to provide
competitive compensation to attract and retain talented executives to lead our
business. We also believe an executive compensation program should encourage
high levels of corporate and individual performance by motivating executives to
continually improve our business in order to promote sustained profitability and
enhanced shareholder value. Consistent with this philosophy, the Compensation
Committee has identified the following key objectives that drive the design of
the policies and practices of our executive compensation program: Attract and retain executives by paying them
 amounts and offering them elements of compensation that are competitive with and comparable to those paid and
 offered by most companies in our peer groups. We believe a key factor in
 attracting and retaining qualified executives is to provide total compensation that is competitive with the total compensation
 paid by companies in our compensation peer
 groups. Each of the elements of compensation we provide serves a different
 role in attracting and retaining
 executives. Motivate executives to contribute to our
 success and reward them for their performance. We use the bonus and equity elements of
 our executive compensation program as the primary tools to motivate our executives to continually improve our business in
 order to promote sustainable profitability and enhanced shareholder value. These compensation elements provide
 executives with meaningful incentives to meet
 or exceed the corporate financial goals set by our Board each year. We believe
 that our operating profit is an important
 financial measure, as it is a reflection of both top line sales and expense control, and when used year-over-year, it has
 the effect of promoting our long-term financial health. Our financial performance in fiscal 2012 did not meet our
 expectations. As a result of such performance
 and the emphasis that our executive compensation program places on pay for
 performance, the actual compensation realized
 by our named executive officers in fiscal 2012 was significantly - 57 - lower than the total
 potential compensation awarded to our named executive officers for fiscal
 2012. For example, we did not achieve the
 operating profit required for our named executive officers to earn bonuses for fiscal 2012 under the 2006 Bonus Plan.
 Accordingly, the named executive officers did not receive bonuses for fiscal 2012. Align the interests of executives and
 shareholders through incentive-based executive
 compensation. The realization and value
 of bonus opportunities under the 2006 Bonus Plan and equity awarded
 under the 2005 LTIP and 2012 LTIP are dependent
 upon our performance and/or the appreciation in the value of our common shares. We believe that awarding a significant
 percentage of the total compensation of our
 named executive officers as at-risk incentive compensation (84.7% in fiscal
 2012) exemplifies the emphasis of our executive
 compensation program on pay for performance and demonstrates that our executive compensation program is closely aligned with
 the interests of our shareholders. In some years, as was the case in fiscal 2012, our named executive officers may not
 realize a significant portion of the at-risk
 incentive compensation awarded to them, as our named executive officers did
 not receive a bonus in fiscal 2012.
 Additionally, we did not achieve the operating profit goal established at the
 beginning of fiscal 2012 necessary for Mr.
 Fishman’s fiscal 2012 performance-based restricted stock award to vest. As a result, Mr. Fishman’s fiscal 2012
 performance-based equity award did not vest and was therefore forfeited. We believe this shows that our pay practices are
 designed to effectively incentivize our executives to dedicate themselves fully to creating value for our
 shareholders. Manage executive compensation costs. We compare the compensation paid to our
 executives with the compensation paid to
 similarly-situated executives at companies within our peer groups, which
 provides a market check on the compensation we
 pay to our executives and supports our belief that we do not overpay our executives and we effectively manage our
 executive compensation costs. Focus on corporate governance. We seek the approval of the five additional outside
 directors who do not serve on the Compensation
 Committee before finalizing annual executive compensation to provide an additional check on the appropriateness of the
 amounts awarded. For a more detailed discussion of how our
executive compensation program reflects these objectives and our executive
compensation philosophy, including information about the 2012 compensation of
our named executive officers, we encourage you to read the CD&A as well as
the Summary Compensation Table and other related compensation tables in this
Proxy Statement. We request that our shareholders indicate
their support for the compensation of our named executive officers as disclosed
in this Proxy Statement pursuant to Item 402 of Regulation S-K by approving the
following resolution: “RESOLVED, that
the shareholders of Big Lots approve, on an advisory basis, the compensation of
the named executive officers of Big Lots, as disclosed in Big Lots’ Proxy
Statement for the 2013 Annual Meeting of Shareholders pursuant to Item 402 of
Regulation S-K, including the Compensation Discussion and Analysis, compensation
tables and the narrative discussion accompanying the tables.” The vote on the
approval of the compensation of our named executive officers is advisory, which
means that the vote is not binding on the Board, the Compensation Committee or
us. If a majority of the votes are cast against the approval of the compensation
of our named executive officers, the Board and the Compensation Committee will
evaluate whether to take any actions to address the concerns of the shareholders
with respect to our executive compensation program. THE BOARD RECOMMENDS THAT YOU VOTE FOR THE APPROVAL OF THE COMPENSATION OF OUR NAMED EXECUTIVE OFFICERS, AS DISCLOSED
IN THIS PROXY STATEMENT PURSUANT TO ITEM 402 OF REGULATION S-K, INCLUDING THE
CD&A, COMPENSATION TABLES AND THE NARRATIVE DISCUSSION ACCOMPANYING THE
TABLES. - 58 - AUDIT COMMITTEE
DISCLOSURE General Information The Audit Committee consists of three
outside directors of the Board. Our common shares are listed on the NYSE. The
members of the Audit Committee have been reviewed by the Board and determined to
be independent within the meaning of all applicable SEC regulations and the
listing standards of the NYSE. The charter of the Audit Committee states
that the purpose of the Audit Committee is to assist the Board in its oversight
of: the integrity of our financial statements and
 financial reporting process, and our systems of internal accounting and financial controls; our compliance with legal and regulatory
 requirements, including our disclosure controls and procedures; the annual independent audit of our financial
 statements, the engagement of our independent registered public accounting firm, and the evaluation of the firm’s
 qualifications, independence and performance; the performance of our internal audit
 function; the evaluation of enterprise risk issues;
 and the fulfillment of other responsibilities set
 forth in its charter. The full text of the Audit Committee’s
charter is available in the Investor Relations section of our website
(www.biglots.com) under the “Corporate Governance” caption. The Audit Committee
regularly reviews its responsibilities as outlined in its charter, prepares an
annual agenda to include all of its responsibilities and conducts a
self-assessment and review of the charter annually. The Audit Committee believes
it fulfilled its responsibilities under the charter in fiscal 2012. The Audit Committee schedules its meetings
with a view towards ensuring that it devotes appropriate attention to all of its
responsibilities. The Audit Committee’s meetings include, whenever appropriate,
executive sessions with the independent registered public accounting firm and
the internal audit service provider, in each case without the presence of
management, and discussions with our Chief Financial Officer and internal
auditor in separate sessions, in each case without the presence of additional
members of management. The Audit Committee also meets in executive session
without the presence of anyone else, whenever appropriate. During fiscal 2012, management completed
the documentation, testing and evaluation of our system of internal control over
financial reporting in accordance with the requirements set forth in Section 404
of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and related regulations. The Audit Committee
was apprised of the progress of the evaluation and provided oversight and advice
to management during the process. In connection with its oversight, the Audit
Committee received periodic updates provided by management and the independent
registered public accounting firm at each regularly scheduled Audit Committee
meeting. The Audit Committee also reviewed the report of management contained in
our Form 10-K, as well as the independent registered public accounting firm’s
Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm included in our Form
10-K related to its audit of (1) our consolidated financial statements and (2)
the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting. The Audit
Committee continues to oversee efforts related to our system of internal control
over financial reporting and management’s preparations for the evaluation
thereof in fiscal 2013. The Audit Committee has also reviewed key initiatives
and programs aimed at strengthening the effectiveness of our internal and
disclosure control structure. Independent Registered Public
Accounting Firm The Audit Committee engaged Deloitte &
Touche LLP as our independent registered public accounting firm to audit our
financial statements for fiscal 2012. Deloitte & Touche LLP has served as
our independent registered public accounting firm since October 1989. The Audit
Committee annually selects our independent registered public accounting firm. - 59 - Audit and Non-Audit Services
Pre-Approval Policy Pursuant to the Audit Committee’s Audit
and Non-Audit Services Pre-Approval Policy, all audit and non-audit services
rendered by Deloitte & Touche LLP in fiscal 2012, including the related
fees, were pre-approved by the Audit Committee. Under the policy, the Audit
Committee is required to pre-approve all audit and permissible non-audit
services performed by the independent registered public accounting firm to
assure that the provision of those services does not impair the firm’s
independence. Pre-approval is detailed as to the particular service or category
of service and is subject to a specific engagement authorization. The Audit
Committee requires the independent registered public accounting firm and
management to report on the actual fees incurred for each category of service at
Audit Committee meetings throughout the year. During the year, it may become necessary
to engage the independent registered public accounting firm for additional
services that have not been pre-approved. In those instances, the Audit
Committee requires specific pre-approval before engaging the independent
registered public accounting firm. The Audit Committee may delegate pre-approval
authority to one or more of its members for those instances when pre-approval is
needed prior to a scheduled Audit Committee meeting. The member or members to
whom pre-approval authority is delegated must report any pre-approval decisions
to the Audit Committee at its next scheduled meeting. Fees Paid to Independent Registered
Public Accounting Firm The fees billed to us for the professional
services rendered by Deloitte & Touche LLP during the two most recently
completed fiscal years were as follows: Fiscal 2011 | Fiscal 2012
($ in thousands) | ($) | ($)
Audit Fees | 1,151 | 1,278
Audit-Related Fees (1) | 18 | 33
Tax Fees (2) | 172 | 102
All Other Fees (3) | 2 | 2
Total Fees | 1,343 | 1,415 ____________________ (1) | For fiscal 2011 and fiscal 2012, the audit-related fees principally related to accounting consultation.
(2) | For fiscal 2011, the tax fees principally related to tax compliance services and statements of work related to our foreign acquisition. For fiscal 2012, the tax fees principally related to tax compliance services.
(3) | For fiscal 2011 and fiscal 2012, the other fees principally related to online subscription fees for technical accounting support. Audit Committee Report The Audit Committee has reviewed and
discussed the audited financial statements for fiscal 2012 with management and
the independent registered public accounting firm. The Audit Committee has
discussed with the independent registered public accounting firm the matters
required to be discussed by the Statement on Auditing Standards No. 61, as
amended, as adopted by the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board Rule 3200T.
The Audit Committee has received the written disclosures and the letter from the
independent registered public accounting firm required by applicable
requirements of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board regarding the
independent registered public accounting firm’s communications with the Audit
Committee concerning independence, and has discussed with the independent
registered public accounting firm its independence. Based on these reviews and
discussions, the undersigned members of the Audit Committee recommended to the
Board that the audited consolidated financial statements for fiscal 2012 be
included in our Form 10-K for filing with the SEC. Members of the Audit Committee Philip E. Mallott, Chair James R.
Chambers Peter J. Hayes - 60 - PROPOSAL THREE: RATIFICATION OF THE
APPOINTMENT OF DELOITTE & TOUCHE LLP AS OUR INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC
ACCOUNTING FIRM FOR FISCAL 2013 At its March 5, 2013 meeting, the Audit
Committee appointed Deloitte & Touche LLP as our independent registered
public accounting firm for fiscal 2013, subject to our entry into a mutually
agreed upon services contract with Deloitte & Touche LLP. The submission of
this matter for approval by shareholders is not legally required; however, we
believe that such submission is consistent with best practices in corporate
governance and is another opportunity for shareholders to provide direct
feedback on an important issue of our corporate governance. If the shareholders
do not ratify the appointment of Deloitte & Touche LLP, the selection of
such firm as our independent registered public accounting firm will be
reconsidered by the Audit Committee. A representative of Deloitte & Touche
LLP will be present at the Annual Meeting to respond to appropriate questions
and to make a statement if so desired. THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS RECOMMENDS THAT
YOU VOTE FOR THE PROPOSAL TO RATIFY THE APPOINTMENT OF DELOITTE & TOUCHE LLP
AS OUR INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM FOR FISCAL
2013. SHAREHOLDER PROPOSALS Any proposals of shareholders which are
intended to be presented at our 2014 annual meeting of shareholders must be
received by our Corporate Secretary at our corporate offices on or before
December 17, 2013 to be eligible for inclusion in our 2014 proxy statement and
form of proxy. Such proposals must be submitted in accordance with Rule 14a-8 of
the Exchange Act. If a shareholder intends to present a proposal at our 2014
annual meeting of shareholders without inclusion of that proposal in our 2014
proxy materials and written notice of the proposal is not received by our
Corporate Secretary at our corporate offices on or before March 2, 2014, or if
we meet other requirements of the SEC rules, proxies solicited by the Board for
our 2014 annual meeting of shareholders will confer discretionary authority on
the proxy holders named therein to vote on the proposal at the
meeting. ANNUAL REPORT ON FORM 10-K Our Form 10-K is included with this Proxy
Statement in our 2012 Annual Report to Shareholders. Shareholders may also
receive a copy of our Form 10-K without charge by writing to: Investor
Relations, Big Lots, Inc., 300 Phillipi Road, Columbus, Ohio 43228-5311. Our
Form 10-K may also be accessed in the Investor Relations section of our website
(www.biglots.com) under the “SEC Filings” caption. PROXY SOLICITATION COSTS This solicitation of proxies is made by
and on behalf of the Board. In addition to mailing the Notice of Internet
Availability (or, if applicable, paper copies of this Proxy Statement, the
Notice of Annual Meeting of Shareholders and the proxy card) to shareholders of
record on the record date, the brokers and banks holding our common shares for
beneficial holders must, at our expense, provide our proxy materials to persons
for whom they hold our common shares in order that such common shares may be
voted. Solicitation may also be made by our officers and regular employees
personally or by telephone, mail or electronic mail. Officers and employees who
assist with solicitation will not receive any additional compensation. The cost
of the solicitation will be borne by us. We have also retained Georgeson Inc. to
aid in the solicitation of proxies for a fee estimated to be $6,500, plus
reasonable out-of-pocket expenses. - 61 - OTHER MATTERS As of the date of this Proxy Statement, we
know of no business that will be presented for consideration at the Annual
Meeting other than as referred to in Proposal One, Proposal Two, and Proposal
Three above. If any other matter is properly brought before the Annual Meeting
for action by shareholders, common shares represented by proxies returned to us
and not revoked will be voted on such matter in accordance with the
recommendations of the Board. By order of the Board of Directors,
CHARLES W. HAUBIEL II
Executive Vice President, Chief Administrative Officer
and Corporate Secretary April 16, 2013 Columbus,
Ohio - 62 - ATTN: GENERAL COUNSEL 300 PHILLIPI ROAD COLUMBUS, OH 43228 VOTE BY
INTERNET - www.proxyvote.com Use the Internet to transmit your
voting instructions and for electronic delivery of information up until 11:59
P.M. EDT on May 29, 2013. Have your proxy card in hand when you access the web
site and follow the instructions to obtain your records and to create an
electronic voting instruction form. ELECTRONIC DELIVERY OF
FUTURE PROXY MATERIALS If you
would like to reduce the costs incurred by our company in mailing proxy
materials, you can consent to receiving all future proxy statements, proxy
cards, annual reports and Notices of Internet Availability of Proxy Materials,
as applicable, electronically via e-mail or the Internet. To sign up for
electronic delivery, please follow the instructions above to vote using the
Internet and, when prompted, indicate that you agree to receive or access proxy
materials electronically in future years. VOTE BY
MAIL Mark, sign and date your
proxy card and return it in the postage-paid envelope we have provided or return
it to Vote Processing, c/o Broadridge, 51 Mercedes Way, Edgewood, NY
11717. TO VOTE, MARK BLOCKS BELOW IN BLUE OR BLACK INK AS FOLLOWS:
M58054-P36964-Z59958 | KEEP THIS PORTION FOR YOUR RECORDS
DETACH AND RETURN THIS PORTION ONLY
THIS PROXY CARD IS VALID ONLY WHEN SIGNED AND DATED. BIG LOTS, INC. | For All | Withhold All | For All Except
1. | ELECTION OF DIRECTORS. The Board of Directors recommends a vote FOR the election of the nominees named below. | c | c | c
01) | Jeffrey P. Berger | 06) | Philip E. Mallott
02) | James R. Chambers | 07) | Russell Solt
03) | Steven S. Fishman | 08) | James R. Tener
04) | Peter J. Hayes | 09) | Dennis B. Tishkoff
05) | Brenda J. Lauderback To withhold authority to vote for any individual nominee(s), mark “For All Except” and write the number(s) of the nominee(s) on the line below. For | Against | Abstain
2. | APPROVAL, ON AN ADVISORY BASIS, OF THE COMPENSATION OF OUR NAMED EXECUTIVE OFFICERS. The Board of Directors recommends a vote FOR the approval of the compensation of Big Lots' named executive officers, as disclosed in the Proxy Statement pursuant to Item 402 of Regulation S-K, including the Compensation Discussion and Analysis, compensation tables and the narrative discussion accompanying the tables . | c | c | c
3. | RATIFICATION OF THE APPOINTMENT OF DELOITTE & TOUCHE LLP AS OUR INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM FOR FISCAL 2013. The Board of Directors recommends a vote FOR the ratification of the appointment of Deloitte & Touche LLP as Big Lots' independent registered public accounting firm for the 2013 fiscal year. | c | c | c
The undersigned hereby expressly revokes any and all proxies heretofore given or executed by him/her with respect to the common shares of Big Lots represented by this proxy card.
Please date and sign as your name(s) appear(s) hereon. When signing as attorney, executor, administrator, or other fiduciary, please give full title as such. Joint owners should each sign personally. If a corporation, partnership or other entity, please sign in full entity name by authorized officer. Signature [PLEASE SIGN WITHIN BOX] | Date Signature (Joint Owners) | Date Important Notice
Regarding the Availability of Proxy Materials for the Annual Meeting
of Shareholders of Big Lots, Inc. To Be Held on May 30, 2013: Big Lots, Inc.'s Notice of
Annual Meeting of Shareholders and Proxy Statement and Annual Report on Form
10-K for the fiscal year ended February 2, 2013 are available at www.proxyvote.com. M58055-P36964-Z59958 BIG LOTS, INC. Proxy
Solicited on Behalf of the Board of Directors for the May 30, 2013 Annual Meeting of Shareholders The individual(s) signing
on the reverse side of this proxy card as a shareholder or an attorney,
executor, administrator, authorized officer or other fiduciary of the
shareholder (collectively referred to as the "Owner") hereby appoints Steven S.
Fishman, Charles W. Haubiel II and Timothy A. Johnson, and each of them, with
full power of substitution, as proxies for the Owner to attend the Annual
Meeting of Shareholders of Big Lots, Inc. ("Big Lots"), to be held at 300
Phillipi Road, Columbus, Ohio, at 9:00 a.m. EDT on May 30, 2013, and at any
postponement or adjournment thereof, and to vote and act with respect to all
common shares of Big Lots which the Owner would be entitled to vote, with all
the power the Owner would possess if present in person, as indicated on the
reverse side of this proxy card. This proxy, when properly
executed, will be voted in the manner specified by the Owner. If the Owner does
not specify a choice as to a proposal, excluding broker non-votes, the
above-named proxies will vote the common shares: (i) FOR the election of each of
the nominees named on the reverse side of this proxy card (Proposal One); (ii)
FOR the approval, on an advisory basis, of the compensation of Big Lots' named
executive officers, as disclosed in the Proxy Statement pursuant to Item 402 of
Regulation S-K, including the Compensation Disclosure and Analysis, compensation
tables and the narrative discussion accompanying the tables (Proposal Two); and
(iii) FOR the ratification of Deloitte & Touche LLP as Big Lots' independent
registered public accounting firm for fiscal 2013 (Proposal Three). If any
nominee named for the election as a director is unable to serve or for good
cause will not serve, this proxy will be voted by the above-named proxies for
such substitute nominee(s) as Big Lots' Board of Directors may recommend. The
above-named proxies will vote the common shares in accordance with the
recommendations of Big Lots' Board of Directors on such other business as may
properly come before the Annual Meeting of Shareholders. The Owner acknowledges
receipt of the accompanying Notice of Annual Meeting of Shareholders and Proxy
Statement for the May 30, 2013 meeting and the Annual Report on Form 10-K for
the fiscal year ended February 2, 2013. PLEASE SIGN AND DATE ON
THE REVERSE SIDE