DEF 14A 1 biglots_def14a.htm DEFINITIVE PROXY STATEMENT SCHEDULE 14A (Rule 14a-101) INFORMATION REQUIRED IN PROXY STATEMENT SCHEDULE 14A INFORMATION Proxy Statement Pursuant to Section 14(a) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 (Amendment No. ) Filed by the Registrant [X]
Filed by a Party other than the Registrant [ ]
Check the appropriate box:
[ ] | Preliminary Proxy Statement | [ ] | Soliciting Material Under Rule 14a-12
[ ] | Confidential, For Use of the Commission Only (as permitted by Rule 14a-6(e)(2))
[X] | Definitive Proxy Statement
[ ] | Definitive Additional Materials Big Lots, Inc.
(Name of Registrant as Specified In Its Charter)
(Name of Person(s) Filing Proxy Statement, if Other Than the Registrant) Payment of Filing Fee (Check the appropriate box):
[X] | No fee required.
[ ] | Fee computed on table below per Exchange Act Rules 14a-6(i)(4) and 0-11.
1) | Title of each class of securities to which transaction applies:
2) | Aggregate number of securities to which transaction applies:
3) | Per unit price or other underlying value of transaction computed pursuant to Exchange Act Rule 0-11 (set forth the amount on which the filing fee is calculated and state how it was determined):
4) | Proposed maximum aggregate value of transaction:
5) | Total fee paid:
[ ] | Fee paid previously with preliminary materials:
[ ] | Check box if any part of the fee is offset as provided by Exchange Act Rule 0-11(a)(2) and identify the filing for which the offsetting fee was paid previously. Identify the previous filing by registration statement number, or the form or schedule and the date of its filing.
1) | Amount previously paid:
2) | Form, Schedule or Registration Statement No.:
3) | Filing Party:
4) | Date Filed: Big Lots, Inc. 300 Phillipi
Road Columbus, Ohio 43228 April 15, 2014 Dear Shareholder: We cordially invite you to attend the 2014
Annual Meeting of Shareholders of Big Lots, Inc. The Annual Meeting will be held
at our corporate offices located at 300 Phillipi Road, Columbus, Ohio, on May
29, 2014, beginning at 9:00 a.m. EDT. The following pages contain the Notice of
Annual Meeting of Shareholders and the Proxy Statement. You should review this
material for information concerning the business to be conducted at the Annual
Meeting. Your vote is important. Whether or not you
plan to attend the Annual Meeting, we urge you to vote as soon as possible. If
you attend the Annual Meeting, you may revoke your proxy and vote in person,
even if you have previously submitted a proxy. We have elected to take advantage of
Securities and Exchange Commission rules that allow us to furnish proxy
materials to certain shareholders on the Internet. On or about the date of this
letter, we began mailing a Notice of Internet Availability of Proxy Materials to
shareholders of record at the close of business on March 31, 2014. At the same
time, we provided those shareholders with access to our online proxy materials
and filed our proxy materials with the Securities and Exchange Commission. We
believe furnishing proxy materials to our shareholders on the Internet will
allow us to provide our shareholders with the information they need, while
lowering the costs of delivery of our proxy materials and reducing the
environmental impact of the Annual Meeting. Thank you for your ongoing support of, and
continued interest in, Big Lots, Inc. Respectfully submitted, PHILIP E. MALLOTT | DAVID J. CAMPISI
Chairman | Chief Executive Officer and President - i - - ii - Big Lots, Inc. 300 Phillipi
Road Columbus, Ohio 43228 NOTICE OF ANNUAL MEETING OF
SHAREHOLDERS TO BE HELD MAY 29, 2014 Notice is hereby given that the 2014
Annual Meeting of Shareholders of Big Lots, Inc. will be held at our corporate
offices located at 300 Phillipi Road, Columbus, Ohio, on May 29, 2014, beginning
at 9:00 a.m. EDT, for the following purposes: 1. | To elect as directors of Big Lots, Inc. the nine nominees named in our 2014 Proxy Statement;
2. | To consider and vote upon a proposal to approve the amended and restated Big Lots 2012 Long-Term Incentive Plan;
3. | To consider and vote upon a proposal to approve the amended and restated Big Lots 2006 Bonus Plan;
4. | To approve, on an advisory basis, the compensation of our named executive officers, as disclosed in our 2014 Proxy Statement pursuant to Item 402 of Regulation S-K, including the Compensation Discussion and Analysis, compensation tables and the narrative discussion accompanying the tables;
5. | To ratify the appointment of Deloitte & Touche LLP as our independent registered public accounting firm for fiscal 2014;
6. | To consider a shareholder proposal if the proposal is properly presented for consideration at the Annual Meeting; and
7. | To transact such other business as may properly come before the Annual Meeting. Only shareholders of record at the close
of business on the record date, March 31, 2014, are entitled to notice of and to
vote at the Annual Meeting and any postponement or adjournment
thereof. By Order of the Board of
Directors, RONALD D. PARISOTTO Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Corporate
Secretary April 15, 2014 Columbus,
Ohio _________________ Your vote is important. Shareholders
are urged to vote online. If you attend the Annual Meeting, you may revoke your
proxy and vote in person if you wish, even if you have previously submitted a
proxy. - iii - BIG LOTS, INC. PROXY STATEMENT TABLE OF CONTENTS ABOUT THE ANNUAL MEETING | 1
PROPOSAL ONE | 5
GOVERNANCE | 7
DIRECTOR COMPENSATION | 11
STOCK OWNERSHIP | 13
PROPOSAL TWO | 15
PROPOSAL THREE | 27
EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION | 33
PROPOSAL FOUR | 72
AUDIT COMMITTEE DISCLOSURE | 73
PROPOSAL FIVE | 75
PROPOSAL SIX | 76
SHAREHOLDER PROPOSALS | 79
ANNUAL REPORT ON FORM 10-K | 80
PROXY SOLICITATION COSTS | 80
OTHER MATTERS | 80
BIG LOTS 2012 LONG-TERM INCENTIVE PLAN | APPENDIX A
BIG LOTS 2006 BONUS PLAN | APPENDIX B - iv - Big Lots, Inc. 300 Phillipi
Road Columbus, Ohio 43228 _______________________ PROXY
STATEMENT _______________________ This Proxy Statement is furnished in
connection with the solicitation of proxies by the Board of Directors (“Board”)
of Big Lots, Inc., an Ohio corporation (“we,” “us,” “our” and “Big Lots”), for
use at the 2014 Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be held on May 29, 2014
(“Annual Meeting”), at our corporate offices located at 300 Phillipi Road,
Columbus, Ohio at 9:00 a.m. EDT. On or about April 15, 2014, we began mailing to
our shareholders of record at the close of business on March 31, 2014, a Notice
of Internet Availability containing instructions on how to access the Notice of
Annual Meeting of Shareholders, this Proxy Statement and our Annual Report to
Shareholders for the fiscal year ended February 1, 2014 (“fiscal
2013”). ABOUT THE ANNUAL
MEETING Purpose of the Annual
Meeting At the Annual Meeting, shareholders will
act upon the matters outlined in the Notice of Annual Meeting included with this
Proxy Statement. Specifically, the shareholders will be asked to: (1) elect nine
directors to the Board; (2) approve the amended and restated Big Lots 2012
Long-Term Incentive Plan (“2012 LTIP”); (3) approve the amended and restated Big
Lots 2006 Bonus Plan (“2006 Bonus Plan”); (4) approve, on an advisory basis, the
compensation of our named executive officers, as disclosed in this Proxy
Statement pursuant to Item 402 of Regulation S-K, including the Compensation
Discussion and Analysis, compensation tables and the narrative discussion
accompanying the tables (“say-on-pay vote”); (5) ratify the appointment of
Deloitte & Touche LLP as our independent registered accounting firm for the
fiscal year ending January 31, 2015 (“fiscal 2014”); (6) consider a shareholder
proposal if the proposal is properly presented at the Annual Meeting and (7)
transact such other business as may properly come before the Annual
Meeting. Shareholder Voting
Rights Only those shareholders of record at the
close of business on March 31, 2014, the record date for the Annual Meeting, are
entitled to receive notice of, and to vote at, the Annual Meeting. At the record
date, we had outstanding 58,152,531 common shares, $0.01 par value per share.
Each of the outstanding common shares entitles the holder thereof to one vote on
each matter to be voted upon at the Annual Meeting or any postponement or
adjournment thereof. The holders of our common shares have no cumulative voting
rights in the election of directors. All voting at the Annual Meeting will be
governed by our Amended Articles of Incorporation, our Code of Regulations and
the General Corporation Law of the State of Ohio. Registered Shareholders and Beneficial
Shareholders If our common shares are registered in
your name directly with our transfer agent, Computershare Investor Services,
LLC, you are considered, with respect to those common shares, a holder of record
(which we also refer to as a registered shareholder). If you hold our common
shares in a brokerage account or through a bank or other holder of record, you
are considered the beneficial shareholder of the common shares, which are often
referred to as held in “street name.” - 1 - Internet Availability of Proxy
Materials In accordance with rules adopted by the
Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”), instead of mailing a printed copy of
our proxy materials to each shareholder of record, we are permitted to furnish
our proxy materials, including the Notice of Annual Meeting of Shareholders,
this Proxy Statement and our Annual Report to Shareholders, by providing access
to such documents on the Internet. Generally, shareholders will not receive
printed copies of the proxy materials unless they request them. A Notice of Internet Availability that
provides instructions for accessing our proxy materials on the Internet was
mailed directly to registered shareholders. The Notice of Internet Availability
also provides instructions regarding how registered shareholders may vote their
common shares on the Internet. Registered shareholders who prefer to receive a
paper or email copy of our proxy materials should follow the instructions
provided in the Notice of Internet Availability for requesting such
materials. A notice that directs our beneficial
shareholders to the website where they can access our proxy materials should be
forwarded to each beneficial shareholder by the broker, bank or other holder of
record who is considered the registered shareholder with respect to the common
shares of the beneficial shareholder. Such broker, bank or other holder of
record should also provide to the beneficial shareholders instructions on how
the beneficial shareholders may request a paper or email copy of our proxy
materials. Beneficial shareholders have the right to direct their broker, bank
or other holder of record on how to vote their common shares by following the
voting instructions they receive from their broker, bank or other holder of
record. To enroll in the electronic delivery
service for future shareholder meetings, use your Notice of Internet
Availability (or proxy card, if you received printed copies of the proxy
materials) to register online at www.proxyvote.com and, when prompted, indicate
that you agree to receive or access shareholder communications electronically in
future years. Attendance at the Annual
Meeting All of our shareholders as of the record
date, or their duly appointed proxies, may attend the Annual Meeting.
Registration and seating will begin at 8:30 a.m. EDT, and the Annual Meeting
will begin at 9:00 a.m. EDT. If you attend the Annual Meeting, please note that
you may be asked to present valid picture identification, such as a driver’s
license or passport. Cameras, recording devices and other electronic devices
will not be permitted at the Annual Meeting. Please also note that if you hold
your common shares as a beneficial shareholder, you may be asked to check in at
the Annual Meeting registration desk and present a copy of a brokerage or bank
statement reflecting your beneficial ownership of our common shares as of the
record date. How to Vote After receiving the Notice of Internet
Availability (or proxy card, if you received printed copies of the proxy
materials), registered shareholders are urged to visit www.proxyvote.com to
access our proxy materials. You will have the opportunity to vote your common
shares online at www.proxyvote.com until May 28, 2014 at 11:59 p.m. EDT. When
voting online, you must follow the instructions posted on the website and you
will need the control number included on your Notice of Internet Availability
(or proxy card, if applicable). If, after receiving the Notice of Internet
Availability, you request (via toll-free telephone number, e-mail or online)
that we send you paper or electronic copies of our proxy materials, you may vote
your common shares by completing, dating and signing the proxy card included
with the materials and returning it in accordance with the instructions
provided. If (1) you properly complete your proxy online, (2) you complete,
date, sign and return your proxy card no later than 11:59 p.m. EDT on May 28,
2014 or (3) you are a registered shareholder, attend the Annual Meeting and
deliver your completed proxy card in person, your common shares will be voted as
you direct. A registered shareholder may revoke a
proxy at any time before it is exercised by filing with our Corporate Secretary
a written notice of revocation or duly executing and delivering to the Company a
proxy bearing a later date. A registered shareholder may also revoke a proxy by
attending the Annual Meeting and giving written notice of revocation to the
secretary of the meeting. Attendance at the Annual Meeting will not by itself
revoke a previously granted proxy. - 2 - Beneficial shareholders should follow the
procedures and directions set forth in the materials they receive from the
broker, bank or other holder of record who is the registered holder of their
common shares to instruct such registered holder how to vote those common shares
or revoke previously given voting instructions. Please contact your broker, bank
or other holder of record to determine the applicable deadlines. Beneficial
shareholders who wish to vote at the Annual Meeting will need to obtain and
provide to the secretary of the meeting a completed form of proxy from the
broker, bank or other holder of record who is the registered holder of their
common shares. Brokers, banks and other holders of record
who hold common shares for beneficial owners in street name may vote such common
shares on “routine” matters (as determined under New York Stock Exchange
(“NYSE”) rules), such as Proposal Five, without specific voting instructions
from the beneficial owner of such common shares. Such brokers, banks and other
holders of record may not, however, vote such common shares on “non-routine”
matters, such as Proposal One, Proposal Two, Proposal Three, Proposal Four and
Proposal Six without specific voting instructions from the beneficial owner of
such common shares. Proxies submitted by such brokers, banks and other holders
of record that have not been voted on “non-routine” matters are referred to as
“broker non-votes.” Broker non-votes will not be counted for purposes of
determining the number of common shares necessary for approval of any matter to
which broker non-votes apply (i.e., broker non-votes will have no effect on the
outcome of such matter). Householding SEC rules allow multiple shareholders
residing at the same address the convenience of receiving a single copy of the
Annual Report to Shareholders, proxy materials and Notice of Internet
Availability if they consent to do so (“householding”). Householding is
permitted only in certain circumstances, including when you have the same last
name and address as another shareholder. If the required conditions are met, and
SEC rules allow, your household may receive a single copy of the Annual Report
to Shareholders, proxy materials and Notice of Internet Availability. Upon
request, we will promptly deliver a separate copy of the Annual Report to
Shareholders, proxy materials and Notice of Internet Availability, as
applicable, to a shareholder at a shared address to which a single copy of the
document(s) was delivered. Such a request should be made in the same manner as a
revocation of consent for householding. You may either request householding or
revoke your consent for householding at any time by contacting Broadridge
Financial Solutions, Inc. (“Broadridge”), either by calling 1-800-542-1061, or
by writing to: Broadridge, Householding Department, 51 Mercedes Way, Edgewood,
New York 11717. You will be added to or removed from the householding program
within 30 days of receipt of your instructions. If you revoke your consent for
householding, you will be sent separate copies of the documents sent to our
shareholders at such time as you are removed from the householding
program. Beneficial shareholders can request more
information about householding from their brokers, banks or other holders of
record. Tabulation of Votes Tabulation of the votes cast at the Annual
Meeting will be performed by Broadridge, and such tabulation will be inspected
by our duly appointed inspectors of election. Board’s Recommendations Subject to revocation, all proxies that
are properly completed and timely received will be voted in accordance with the
instructions contained therein. If no instructions are given (excluding broker
non-votes), the persons named as proxy holders will vote the common shares in
accordance with the recommendations of the Board. The Board’s recommendations
are set forth together with the description of each proposal in this Proxy
Statement. In summary, the Board recommends a vote: 1. | FOR the election of its nominated slate of directors (see Proposal One);
2. | FOR the approval of the amended and restated 2012 LTIP (see Proposal Two);
3. | FOR approval of the amended and restated 2006 Bonus Plan (see Proposal Three); - 3 - 4. | FOR the approval, on an advisory basis, of the compensation of our named executive officers, as disclosed in this Proxy Statement pursuant to Item 402 of Regulation S-K, including the Compensation Disclosure and Analysis, compensation tables and the narrative discussion accompanying the tables (see Proposal Four);
5. | FOR the ratification of Deloitte & Touche LLP as our independent registered public accounting firm for fiscal 2014 (see Proposal Five); and
6. | AGAINST the shareholder proposal (if the proposal is properly presented at the Annual Meeting) (see Proposal 6). If any other matter properly comes before
the Annual Meeting, or if a director nominee named in this Proxy Statement is
unable to serve or for good cause will not serve, the proxy holders will vote on
such matter or for a substitute nominee as recommended by the Board. Quorum The presence, in person or by proxy, of
the holders of a majority of the outstanding common shares entitled to be voted
at the Annual Meeting will constitute a quorum, permitting us to conduct our
business at the Annual Meeting. Proxies received but marked as abstentions and
broker non-votes will be included in the calculation of the number of common
shares considered to be represented at the Annual Meeting for purposes of
establishing a quorum. Vote Required to Approve a
Proposal Proposal One Our Corporate Governance Guidelines
contain a majority vote policy and our Amended Articles of Incorporation impose
a majority vote standard applicable to the uncontested election of directors.
Specifically, Article Eighth of our Amended Articles of Incorporation provides
that if a quorum is present at the Annual Meeting, a director nominee in an
uncontested election will be elected to the Board if the number of votes cast
for such nominee’s election exceeds the number of votes cast against and/or
withheld from such nominee’s election. In all director elections other than
uncontested elections, the nine director nominees receiving the greatest number
of votes cast for their election will be elected as directors. An “uncontested
election” means an election of directors at a meeting of shareholders in which
the number of director nominees does not exceed the number of directors to be
elected. A properly executed proxy marked as
withholding authority with respect to the election of one or more nominees for
director will not be voted with respect to the nominee or nominees for director
indicated. Broker non-votes will not be considered votes cast for or against or
withheld from a director nominee’s election at the Annual Meeting. See the “Governance – Majority Vote Policy
and Standard” section of this Proxy Statement for more information about our
majority vote policy and standard. Other Matters For purposes of Proposal Two, Proposal
Three, Proposal Four, Proposal Five and Proposal Six, the affirmative vote of
the holders of a majority of the common shares represented in person or by proxy
and entitled to vote on each such matter will be required for approval. The
votes received with respect to Proposal Four, Proposal Five and Proposal Six are
advisory and will not bind the Board or us. A properly executed proxy marked
“abstain” with respect to Proposal Two, Proposal Three, Proposal Four, Proposal
Five and Proposal Six will not be voted with respect to such matter, although it
will be counted for purposes of determining the number of common shares
necessary for approval of such matter. Accordingly, an abstention will have the
effect of a negative vote for purposes of Proposal Two, Proposal Three, Proposal
Four, Proposal Five and Proposal Six. If no voting instructions are given
(excluding broker non-votes), the persons named as proxy holders on the proxy
card will vote the common shares in accordance with the recommendation of the
Board. - 4 - PROPOSAL ONE: ELECTION OF
DIRECTORS At the Annual Meeting, the common shares
represented by proxies will be voted, unless otherwise specified, for the
election of the nine director nominees named below. All nine nominees are
currently directors on our Board. Proxies cannot be voted at the Annual Meeting
for more than nine persons. Set forth below is certain information
relating to the director nominees, including each nominee’s age (as of the end
of fiscal 2013), tenure as a director on our Board, current Board committee
memberships, business experience and principal occupation for the past five or
more years, the specific experience, qualifications, attributes or skills of
each nominee that led to the conclusion that the nominee should serve as a
director (which are in addition to the general qualifications discussed in the
“Selection of Nominees by the Board” section below), and other public company
directorships held by each nominee during the past five or more years. Directors
are elected to serve until the next annual meeting of shareholders and until
their respective successors are elected and qualified, or until their earlier
death, resignation or removal. Director | Audit | Compensation | Nominating / Corporate
Name | Age | Since | Committee | Committee | Governance Committee
Jeffrey P. Berger | 64 | 2006 | * | **
David J. Campisi | 57 | 2013
James R. Chambers | 56 | 2012 | * | *
Peter J. Hayes | 71 | 2008 | * | *
Brenda J. Lauderback | 63 | 1997 | * | *
Philip E. Mallott | 56 | 2003 | **
Russell Solt | 66 | 2003 | * | **
James R. Tener | 64 | 2005 | * | *
Dennis B. Tishkoff | 70 | 1991 | * | * ____________________ * | Committee Member
** | Committee Chair Jeffrey P. Berger is the former Executive Vice President,
Global Foodservice of H.J. Heinz Company (food manufacturer and marketer), and
President and Chief Executive Officer of Heinz North America Foodservice (food
manufacturer and marketer). Mr. Berger is also currently a director of GNC
Holdings, Inc. (health and wellness specialty retailer). The Board would be well
served by the perspective provided by Mr. Berger’s 14 years of experience as a
chief executive of a multibillion dollar company, his service on another public
company board and his qualification as an “audit committee financial expert,” as
defined by applicable SEC rules. David J. Campisi is the Chief Executive Officer (“CEO”) and President of Big
Lots, Inc. Before joining Big Lots in May 2013, Mr. Campisi served as the
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Respect Your Universe, Inc. (activewear
retailer). Mr. Campisi previously served as the Chairman, President and Chief
Executive Officer of The Sports Authority, Inc. (sporting goods retailer). Prior
to that, Mr. Campisi served as Executive Vice President and General Merchandise
Manager, Women’s Apparel, Accessories, Intimates and Cosmetics of Kohl’s
Corporation (department store retailer). Mr. Campisi’s strong leadership skills,
proven management capabilities, and more than 30 years of diverse retail
experience make Mr. Campisi an excellent choice to continue serving on the
Board. James R. Chambers is the President and Chief Executive
Officer and a director of Weight Watchers International, Inc. (weight management
services provider). He previously served as President of the US Snacks and
Confectionery business unit and General Manager of the Immediate Consumption
Channel of Kraft Foods Inc. (food manufacturer). Mr. Chambers also served as
President and CEO of Cadbury Americas (confectionery manufacturer), and as the
President and Chief Executive Officer of Remy Amerique, Inc. (spirits
manufacturer). Prior to his employment with Remy Amerique, Inc., Mr. Chambers
served as the Chief Executive Officer of Paxonix, Inc. (online branding and
packaging process solutions business), as the Chief Executive Officer of
Netgrocer.com (online grocery retailer), and as the Group President of
Information Resources, Inc. (global market - 5 - research provider). Mr. Chambers spent the
first 17 years of his career at Nabisco (food manufacturer), where he held
leadership roles in sales, distribution, marketing and information technology,
culminating in the role of President, Refrigerated Foods. Mr. Chambers
previously served as a director of B&G Foods (food manufacturer) for seven
years where he chaired the Nominating and Governance Committee and served on the
Compensation Committee. Mr. Chambers’ extensive cross-functional packaged goods
industry experience, 15-year track record in general management and his service
on the boards of other public companies makes him an excellent candidate to
serve on the Board. Peter J. Hayes is the former Chief Operating Officer of Variety Wholesalers,
Inc. (discount retailer). Mr. Hayes also previously served as the President and
Chief Operating Officer of Family Dollar Stores, Inc. (discount retailer) and
the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of the Gold Circle / Richway divisions
of Federated Department Stores, Inc. (department store retailer). Mr. Hayes’
experience in discount retail, his leadership experience at large corporations
and his qualification as an “audit committee financial expert,” as defined by
applicable SEC rules, make him well suited to continue serving on the
Board. Brenda J. Lauderback is the former President – Wholesale
Group of Nine West Group, Inc. (footwear retailer and wholesaler). Ms.
Lauderback also previously served as the President – Footwear Wholesale of U.S.
Shoe Corporation (footware retailer and wholesaler) and the Vice President,
General Merchandise Manager of Dayton Hudson Corporation (department store
retailer). Ms. Lauderback is also currently a director of Denny’s Corporation
(restaurant operator) (where she is the chair of the corporate governance and
nominating committee and a member of the compensation committee), Select Comfort
Corporation (bedding manufacturer and retailer) (where she is the chair of the
corporate governance and nominating committee and a member of the compensation
committee), and Wolverine World Wide, Inc. (footwear manufacturer) (where she is
the chair of the governance committee and a member of the audit committee). Ms.
Lauderback previously served as a director of Irwin Financial Corporation (bank
holding company). Ms. Lauderback’s extensive service on the boards of other
public companies and experience in leadership roles with other retailers make
her well suited to continue serving on the Board. Philip E. Mallott is the Chairman of the Board of Big Lots,
Inc. Mr. Mallott is the former Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of
Intimate Brands, Inc. (intimate apparel and beauty product retailer). Mr.
Mallott is also currently a director of GNC Holdings, Inc. (health and wellness
specialty retailer) (where he is a member of the audit committee and
compensation committee). Mr. Mallott previously served as a director of Tween
Brands, Inc. (clothing retailer). Mr. Mallott’s qualification as an “audit
committee financial expert,” as defined by applicable SEC Rules, his experience
as a certified public accountant, his service on the boards of other public
companies and charitable organizations, and his experience in leadership roles
with other retailers led to the conclusion that he would continue to be a
valuable member of the Board. Russell Solt is the former Director of Investor Relations of West Marine,
Inc. (boating supplies and accessories specialty retailer) where he also
previously served as the Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer.
Additionally, Mr. Solt previously served as the Chief Financial Officer of
Venture Stores, Inc. (discount retailer) and Williams-Sonoma, Inc. (home
furnishing and cookware specialty retailer). Mr. Solt’s experience as a
certified public accountant and as the Chief Financial Officer of other
publicly-traded retailers, his background in investor relations and his
qualification as an “audit committee financial expert,” as defined by applicable
SEC Rules, makes him well-suited to continue serving on the Board. James R. Tener is the former President and Chief Operating Officer of Brook
Mays Music Company (music retailer and wholesaler that filed for bankruptcy on
July 11, 2006). Mr. Tener also previously served as the Chief Operating Officer
of The Sports Authority (sporting goods retailer). Mr. Tener’s extensive
experience in senior leadership roles of other publicly-traded retailers and
prior service on the board of a privately-held company make him a strong choice
to continue serving on the Board. Dennis B. Tishkoff is the Chairman and Chief Executive
Officer of Drew Shoe Corporation (footwear manufacturer, importer, exporter,
retailer and wholesaler), and the President of Tishkoff and Associates, Inc.
(retail consultant). Mr. Tishkoff previously served as the President and Chief
Executive Officer of Shoe Corporation of America (footwear retailer). Mr.
Tishkoff’s extensive experience in senior management roles of other retailers
and wholesalers, his experience with importing merchandise and his leadership
skills led to the conclusion that he will continue to be a valuable member of
the Board. THE BOARD RECOMMENDS THAT YOU VOTE FOR THE ELECTION OF EACH NOMINEE LISTED ABOVE. - 6 - GOVERNANCE Board Leadership and Independent
Chairman of the Board The Board is currently comprised of the
individuals identified in Proposal One. Other than Mr. Campisi, our CEO and
President, each of the other nominees are independent (as defined by the
applicable NYSE and SEC rules), non-employee directors (“outside directors”).
Effective May 30, 2013, the Board appointed Mr. Mallott, an independent
director, as Chairman of the Board (“Chairman”). The Board believes it should
have the flexibility to establish a leadership structure that works best for us
at a particular time, and it reviews that structure from time to time, including
in the context of a change in leadership. The Chairman plans the agendas for
meetings of the Board, chairs the Board meetings, and is responsible for
briefing our CEO, as needed, concerning executive sessions of the independent
members of the Board. The Chairman also determines when additional meetings of
the Board are needed. Additionally, the Chairman communicates informally with
other directors between meetings of the Board, to foster free and open dialogue
among directors. Board Meetings in Fiscal
2013 The Board held ten meetings during fiscal
2013. During fiscal 2013, each director attended at least 75% of the aggregate
of the total number of meetings of the Board and the committees on which he or
she served (in each case, held during the periods that he or she served). It is
our policy that each director nominee standing for election be present at the
annual meeting of shareholders. Each director named in Proposal One attended the
2013 annual meeting of shareholders. Under our Corporate Governance Guidelines,
each director is expected to dedicate sufficient time and attention to ensure
the diligent performance of his or her duties, including attending meetings of
the shareholders, the Board and the committees of which he or she is a
member. Role of the Board’s
Committees The Board has standing Audit, Compensation
and Nominating / Corporate Governance Committees. Each committee reports its
activities to the Board. Audit Committee The primary function of the Audit
Committee is to assist the Board in fulfilling its oversight responsibility with
respect to: (1) the integrity of the financial reports and other financial
information provided by us to our shareholders and others; (2) our compliance
with legal and regulatory requirements; (3) the engagement of our independent
registered public accounting firm and the evaluation of the firm’s
qualifications, independence and performance; (4) the performance of our system
of internal controls; (5) our audit, accounting and financial reporting
processes generally; and (6) the evaluation of enterprise risk issues. The Audit
Committee was established in accordance with the Securities Exchange Act of
1934, as amended (“Exchange Act”), and each of its members is independent as
required by the Audit Committee’s charter and by the applicable NYSE and SEC
rules. The Board has determined that each member of the Audit Committee is
“financially literate,” as required by NYSE rules, and Messrs. Mallott, Hayes
and Solt satisfy the standards for an “audit committee financial expert,” as
defined by applicable SEC rules. The functions of the Audit Committee are
further described in its charter, which is available in the Investor Relations
section of our website (www.biglots.com) under the “Corporate Governance”
caption. The Audit Committee met eight times during fiscal 2013. Compensation
Committee The Compensation Committee discharges the
responsibilities of the Board relating to the administration of our compensation
programs, including the compensation program for our management leadership team
(“Leadership Team”). Our Leadership Team is comprised of the current executives
named in the Summary Compensation Table (“named executive officers”) and other
executives holding the office of executive vice president or senior vice
president. The responsibilities of the Compensation
Committee include: (1) establishing our general compensation philosophy; (2)
overseeing the development of our compensation programs; (3) approving goals and
objectives for the incentive compensation awarded to the Leadership Team; (4)
reviewing and recommending to the Board - 7 - the other compensation for our CEO and the
Leadership Team; (5) administering our compensation programs; and (6) reporting
on the entirety of the executive compensation program to the Board. All members
of the Compensation Committee are independent as required by the Committee’s
charter and NYSE rules. The functions of the Compensation
Committee are further described in its charter, which is available in the
Investor Relations section of our website (www.biglots.com) under the “Corporate
Governance” caption. The Compensation Committee met eight times during fiscal
2013. Nominating / Corporate Governance
Committee The responsibilities of the Nominating /
Corporate Governance Committee include: (1) recommending individuals to the
Board for nomination as members of the Board and its committees; (2) taking a
leadership role in shaping our corporate governance policies and practices,
including recommending to the Board changes to our Corporate Governance
Guidelines and monitoring compliance with such guidelines; (3) monitoring issues
associated with CEO succession and management development; and (4) reviewing the
compensation of the members of the Board and recommending any changes to such
compensation to the Board for its approval. All members of the Nominating /
Corporate Governance Committee are independent as required by the Committee’s
charter and NYSE rules. The functions of the Nominating /
Corporate Governance Committee are further described in its charter, which is
available in the Investor Relations section of our website (www.biglots.com)
under the “Corporate Governance” caption. The Nominating / Corporate Governance
Committee met five times during fiscal 2013. Selection of Nominees by the
Board The Nominating / Corporate Governance
Committee has oversight over a broad range of issues relating to the composition
and operation of the Board. The Nominating / Corporate Governance Committee is
responsible for recommending to the Board the appropriate skills and
qualifications required of Board members, based on our needs from time to time.
The Nominating / Corporate Governance Committee also evaluates prospective
director nominees against the standards and qualifications set forth in the
Corporate Governance Guidelines. Although the Nominating / Corporate Governance
Committee has not approved any specific minimum qualifications that must be met
by a nominee for director recommended by the Committee and has not adopted a
formal policy with regard to the consideration of diversity in identifying
director nominees, the Committee considers factors such as the prospective
nominee’s relevant experience, character, intelligence, independence,
commitment, judgment, prominence, age, and compatibility with our CEO and other
members of the Board. The Nominating / Corporate Governance Committee also
considers other relevant factors that it deems appropriate, including the
current composition of the Board, diversity, the balance of management and
independent directors, and the need for committee expertise. Before commencing a
search for a new director nominee, the Nominating / Corporate Governance
Committee confers with the Board regarding the factors it intends to consider in
its search. In identifying potential candidates for
Board membership, the Nominating / Corporate Governance Committee considers
recommendations from the Board, shareholders and management. A shareholder who
wishes to recommend a prospective director nominee to the Board must send
written notice to: Chair of the Nominating / Corporate Governance Committee, Big
Lots, Inc., 300 Phillipi Road, Columbus, Ohio 43228. The written notice must
include the prospective nominee’s name, age, business address, principal
occupation, ownership of our common shares, information that would be required
under the rules of the SEC in a proxy statement soliciting proxies for the
election of such prospective nominee as a director, and any other information
that is deemed relevant by the recommending shareholder. Shareholder
recommendations that comply with these procedures and that meet the factors
outlined above will receive the same consideration that the recommendations of
the Board and management receive. After completing its evaluation of a
prospective nominee, the Nominating / Corporate Governance Committee may make a
recommendation to the Board that the targeted individual be nominated by the
Board. The Board then decides whether to approve the nominee after considering
the recommendation and report of the Nominating / Corporate Governance
Committee. Any invitation to join the Board is extended to a prospective nominee
by the chair of the Nominating / Corporate Governance Committee and our CEO,
after approval by the Board. - 8 - Pursuant to its written charter, the
Nominating / Corporate Governance Committee has the authority to retain
consultants and search firms to assist in the process of identifying and
evaluating director candidates and to approve the fees and other retention terms
for any such consultant or search firm. No such firm was retained in connection
with the selection of the director nominees proposed for election at the Annual
Meeting. Majority Vote Policy and
Standard Our Amended Articles of Incorporation
impose a majority vote standard in uncontested elections of directors and our
Corporate Governance Guidelines contain a majority vote policy applicable to
uncontested elections of directors. Article Eighth of our Amended Articles of
Incorporation provides that if a quorum is present at the Annual Meeting, a
director nominee in an uncontested election shall be elected to the Board if the
number of votes cast for such nominee’s election exceeds the number of votes
cast against and/or withheld from such nominee’s election. The majority vote
policy contained in our Corporate Governance Guidelines requires any nominee for
director who does not receive more votes cast for such nominee’s election than
votes cast against and/or withheld as to his or her election to deliver his or
her resignation from the Board to the Nominating / Corporate Governance
Committee. Broker non-votes have no effect in determining whether the required
affirmative majority vote has been obtained. Withheld votes have the same effect
as a vote against a director nominee. Upon its receipt of such resignation, the
Nominating / Corporate Governance Committee will promptly consider the
resignation and recommend to the Board whether to accept the resignation or to
take other action. The Board will act on the recommendation of the Nominating /
Corporate Governance Committee no later than 100 days following the
certification of the shareholder vote. The Nominating / Corporate Governance
Committee, in making its recommendation, and the Board, in making its decision,
will evaluate such resignation in light of the best interests of Big Lots and
our shareholders and may consider any factors and other information they deem
relevant. We will promptly publicly disclose the Board’s decision in a periodic
or current report to the SEC. Determination of Director
Independence The Board undertook its most recent annual
review of director independence in March 2014. During this annual review, the
Board considered all transactions, relationships and arrangements between each
director, his or her affiliates, and any member of his or her immediate family,
on one hand, and Big Lots, its subsidiaries and members of senior management, on
the other hand. The purpose of this review was to determine whether any such
transactions or relationships were inconsistent with a determination that the
director is independent in accordance with NYSE rules. As a result of this review, the Board
affirmatively determined that, with the exception of Mr. Campisi, all of the
directors nominated for election at the Annual Meeting are independent of Big
Lots, its subsidiaries and its management under the standards set forth in the
NYSE rules, and no director nominee has a material relationship with Big Lots,
its subsidiaries or its management aside from his or her service as a director.
Mr. Campisi is not an independent director due to his employment by Big
Lots. In determining that each of the directors
other than Mr. Campisi is independent, the Board considered charitable
contributions to not-for-profit organizations of which these directors or
immediate family members are executive officers or directors and determined that
each of the transactions and relationships it considered was immaterial and did
not impair the independence of any of the directors. Related Person
Transactions The Board and the Nominating / Corporate
Governance Committee have the responsibility for monitoring compliance with our
corporate governance policies, practices and guidelines applicable to our
directors, nominees for director, officers and employees. The Board and the
Nominating / Corporate Governance Committee have enlisted the assistance of our
General Counsel’s office and human resources management to fulfill this
responsibility. Our written Corporate Governance Guidelines, Code of Business
Conduct and Ethics, Code of Ethics for Financial Professionals, and human
resources policies address governance matters and prohibit, without the consent
of the Board or the Nominating / Corporate Governance Committee, directors,
officers and employees from engaging in transactions that conflict with our
interests or that otherwise usurp corporate opportunities. - 9 - Pursuant to our written related person
transaction policy, the Nominating / Corporate Governance Committee also
evaluates “related person transactions.” Consistent with SEC rules, we consider
a related person transaction to be any transaction, arrangement or relationship
(or any series of similar transactions, arrangements or relationships): (1)
involving more than $120,000 in which we and any of our directors, nominees for
director, executive officers, holders of more than five percent of our common
shares, or their respective immediate family members were or are to be a
participant; and (2) in which such related person had, has or will have a direct
or indirect material interest. Under our policy, our directors, executive
officers and other members of management are responsible for bringing all
transactions, whether proposed or existing, of which they have knowledge and
that they believe may constitute related person transactions to the attention of
our General Counsel. If our General Counsel determines that the transaction
constitutes a related person transaction, our General Counsel will notify the
chair of the Nominating / Corporate Governance Committee. Thereafter, the
Nominating / Corporate Governance Committee will review the related person
transaction, considering all factors and information it deems relevant, and
either approve or disapprove the transaction in light of what the Committee
believes to be the best interests of Big Lots and our shareholders. If advance
approval is not practicable or if a related person transaction that has not been
approved is discovered, the Nominating / Corporate Governance Committee will
promptly consider whether to ratify the related person transaction. Where
advance approval is not practicable or we discover a related person transaction
that has not been approved and the Committee disapproves the transaction, the
Committee will, taking into account all of the factors and information it deems
relevant (including the rights available to us under the transaction), determine
whether we should amend, rescind or terminate the transaction in light of what
it believes to be the best interests of our shareholders and company. We do not
intend to engage in related person transactions disapproved by the Nominating /
Corporate Governance Committee. Examples of factors and information that the
Nominating / Corporate Governance Committee may consider in its evaluation of a
related person transaction include: (1) the reasons for entering into the
transaction; (2) the terms of the transaction; (3) the benefits of the
transaction to us; (4) the comparability of the transaction to similar
transactions with unrelated third parties; (5) the materiality of the
transaction to each party; (6) the nature of the related person’s interest in
the transaction; (7) the potential impact of the transaction on the status of an
independent outside director; and (8) the alternatives to the
transaction. Additionally, on an annual basis, each
director, nominee for director and executive officer must complete a
questionnaire that requires written disclosure of any related person
transaction. The responses to these questionnaires are reviewed by the
Nominating / Corporate Governance Committee and our General Counsel to identify
any potential conflicts of interest or potential related person
transactions. Based on our most recent review conducted
in the first quarter of fiscal 2014, we have not engaged in any related person
transactions since the beginning of fiscal 2013. Board’s Role in Risk
Oversight The Board and its committees play an
important role in overseeing the identification, assessment and mitigation of
risks that are material to us. In fulfilling this responsibility, the Board and
its committees regularly consult with management to evaluate and, when
appropriate, modify our risk management strategies. While each committee is
responsible for evaluating certain risks and overseeing the management of such
risks, the entire Board is regularly informed about such risks through committee
reports. The Audit Committee assists the Board in
fulfilling its oversight responsibility relating to the performance of our
system of internal controls, legal and regulatory compliance, our audit,
accounting and financial reporting processes, and the evaluation of enterprise
risk issues, particularly those risk issues not overseen by other committees.
The Compensation Committee is responsible for overseeing the management of risks
relating to our compensation programs. The Nominating / Corporate Governance
Committee manages risks associated with corporate governance, related person
transactions, succession planning, and business conduct and ethics. The Public
Policy and Environmental Affairs Committee, a management committee that reports
to the Nominating / Corporate Governance Committee, oversees management of risks
associated with public policy, environmental affairs and social matters that may
affect our operations, performance or public image. Corporate Governance
Guidelines Our Corporate Governance Guidelines, which
comply with NYSE rules, can be found in the Investor Relations section of our
website (www.biglots.com) under the “Corporate Governance” caption. - 10 - Code of Business Conduct and Ethics
& Code of Ethics for Financial Professionals We have a Code of Business Conduct and
Ethics, which is applicable to all of our directors, officers and employees. We
also have a Code of Ethics for Financial Professionals which is applicable to
our principal executive officer, principal financial officer, principal
accounting officer, controller and other persons performing similar functions.
Both the Code of Business Conduct and Ethics and the Code of Ethics for
Financial Professionals are available in the Investor Relations section of our
website (www.biglots.com) under the “Corporate Governance” caption. We intend to
post amendments to or waivers from any applicable provision (related to elements
listed under Item 406(b) of Regulation S-K) of the Code of Business Conduct and
Ethics and the Code of Ethics for Financial Professionals (in each case, to the
extent applicable to our principal executive officer, principal financial
officer, principal accounting officer, controller or persons performing similar
functions), if any, in the Investor Relations section of our website
(www.biglots.com) under the “Corporate Governance” caption. Compensation Committee Interlocks and
Insider Participation During fiscal 2013, Mr. Berger, Mr. Hayes,
Mr. Solt, Mr. Tener and Mr. Tishkoff served on our Compensation Committee. No
member of our Compensation Committee serves, or has served at any time, as one
of our officers or employees or has, or during fiscal 2013 had, a material
interest in any related person transaction, as defined in Item 404 of Regulation
S-K. None of our executive officers serve or, during fiscal 2013, served as a
member of the board of directors or compensation committee of any other company
that has or had an executive officer serving as a member of the Board or our
Compensation Committee. Communications with the
Board Shareholders and other parties interested
in communicating directly with the Board, with specified individual directors or
with the outside directors as a group, may do so by choosing one of the
following options: Call: | (866) 834-7325
Write: | Big Lots Board of Directors, 300 Phillipi Road, Columbus, Ohio 43228-5311
E-mail: | http://biglots.safe2say.info Under a process approved by the Nominating
/ Corporate Governance Committee for handling correspondence received by us and
addressed to outside directors, our General Counsel reviews all such
correspondence and forwards to the Board or appropriate members of the Board a
summary and/or copies of any such correspondence that deals with the functions
of the Board, members or committees thereof or otherwise requires their
attention. Directors may at any time review a log of all correspondence received
by us and directed to members of the Board and may request copies of any such
correspondence. Concerns relating to our accounting, internal accounting
controls or auditing matters will be referred to the Audit Committee. Concerns
relating to the Board or members of senior management will be referred to the
Nominating / Corporate Governance Committee. Parties submitting communications
to the Board may choose to do so anonymously or confidentially. DIRECTOR COMPENSATION Under the Big Lots, Inc. Non-Employee
Director Compensation Package established by the Board, each outside director is
compensated for Board and committee participation in the form of retainers and
fees and a restricted stock award. Retainers and Fees We pay our outside directors certain
retainers and fees on a quarterly basis. Until May 30, 2013, the retainers and
fees we paid to outside directors for fiscal 2013 consisted of: (1) an annual
retainer of $45,000; (2) an additional annual retainer of $15,000 for the chair
of the Audit Committee; (3) an additional annual retainer of $10,000 for the
chairs of the Compensation Committee and the Nominating / Corporate Governance
Committee; (4) $1,500 for each Board meeting attended in person; (5) $1,250 for
each committee meeting attended in person; (6) $500 for each Board or committee
meeting attended telephonically; and (7) the ability to nominate one or more
charities to receive from us donations in the aggregate amount of up to $10,000
per outside director. - 11 - Effective May 30, 2013, our director
compensation packaged changed, and now consists of: (1) an annual retainer of
$70,000 for each outside director other than the nonexecutive chair; (2) an
annual retainer of $160,000 for the nonexecutive chair; (3) an annual retainer
of $30,000 for the Audit Committee chair; (4) an annual retainer of $20,000 for
the chairs of the Compensation Committee and the Nominating / Corporate
Governance Committee; (5) an annual retainer of $15,000 for each Audit Committee
member; (6) an annual retainer of $10,000 for each Compensation Committee member
and Nominating / Corporate Governance Committee member; and (7) the ability to
nominate one or more charities to receive from us donations up to $15,000
annually and we will match charitable donations made by each outside director up
to $15,000 annually. The Board also eliminated the fees paid for Board and
committee meetings attended in person and provides for the payment of $750 per
telephonic meeting only when the meeting is the second or subsequent telephonic
meeting of the quarter by the Board or committee, as applicable. In fiscal 2013, the chair of the Search
Committee received a fee of $50,000 and the other members of the Search
Committee each received a fee of $30,000 for their service. The Search
Committee’s purpose was to identify a new CEO to replace Mr. Fishman. During fiscal 2013, Messrs. Berger,
Chambers, Hayes, Mallott, Solt, Tener, Tishkoff, and Ms. Lauderback qualified as
outside directors and, thus, received compensation for their Board service. Due
to our employment of Mr. Campisi and Mr. Fishman as CEO in fiscal 2013, they did
not qualify as outside directors and did not receive compensation for their
service as directors. The compensation received by Mr. Campisi as an employee
and by Mr. Fishman as an employee and consultant are shown in the Summary
Compensation Table included in this Proxy Statement. Restricted Stock In fiscal 2013, the outside directors also
received a restricted stock award having a grant date fair value equal to
approximately $100,000 (2,972 common shares). The fiscal 2013 restricted stock
awards were made in June 2013 under the 2012 LTIP. The restricted stock awarded
to the outside directors in fiscal 2013 will vest on the earlier of (1) the
trading day immediately preceding the Annual Meeting or (2) the outside
director’s death or disability (as that term is defined in the 2012 LTIP).
However, the restricted stock will not vest if the outside director ceases to
serve on the Board before either vesting event occurs. Director Compensation Table for Fiscal
2013 The following table summarizes the
compensation earned by each outside director for his or her Board service in
fiscal 2013. Change in
Pension
Value and
Nonqualified
Fees Earned | Non-Equity | Deferred | All
or | Stock | Option | Incentive Plan | Compensation | Other
Paid in Cash | Awards | Awards | Compensation | Earnings | Compensation | Total
Name | ($) (1) | ($) (2)(3) | ($) (4) | ($) | ($) | ($) (5) | ($)
(a) | (b) | (c) | (d) | (e) | (f) | (g) | (h)
Mr. Berger | 145,250 | 100,008 | — | — | — | 24,750 | 270,008
Mr. Chambers | 108,500 | 100,008 | — | — | — | 20,000 | 228,508
Mr. Hayes | 110,500 | 100,008 | — | — | — | 15,000 | 225,508
Ms. Lauderback | 117,750 | 100,008 | — | — | — | 16,250 | 234,008
Mr. Mallott | 196,500 | 100,008 | — | — | — | 25,700 | 322,208
Mr. Solt | 100,500 | 100,008 | — | — | — | 15,000 | 215,508
Mr. Tener | 130,250 | 100,008 | — | — | — | 10,000 | 240,258
Mr. Tishkoff | 86,750 | 100,008 | — | — | — | 15,000 | 201,758 ____________________ ( 1) | Amounts in this column include the additional fees of $15,000 paid to Mr. Chambers, Mr. Hayes and Mr. Tener for their increased time commitment in fiscal 2013. - 12 - (2) | Amounts in this column reflect the aggregate grant date fair value of the restricted stock awards granted to the outside directors in fiscal 2013 as computed in accordance with Financial Accounting Standards Board Accounting Standards Codification Topic 718 (“ASC 718”), excluding the effect of any estimated forfeitures. The full grant date fair value of the fiscal 2013 restricted stock award granted to each outside director, as computed in accordance with ASC 718, was based on individual awards of 2,972 common shares at a per common share value of $33.65 on the grant date (i.e., $100,008 per outside director). In accordance with ASC 718 and the 2012 LTIP, the per common share grant date value is the average of the opening price and the closing price of our common shares on the NYSE on the grant date.
(3) | As of February 1, 2014, each individual included in the table held 2,972 shares of restricted stock.
(4) | Prior to fiscal 2008, the outside directors received an annual stock option award under the Big Lots, Inc. Amended and Restated Director Stock Option Plan (“Director Stock Option Plan”). The Director Stock Option Plan was terminated on May 30, 2008 and no stock option awards were granted to any outside director in fiscal 2013. As of February 1, 2014, only Mr. Mallott (20,000 common shares) and Mr. Tener (15,000 common shares) held stock options to purchase our common shares.
(5) | Amounts in this column reflect both matching contributions and payments made by us during fiscal 2013 to charitable organizations nominated by the specified directors pursuant to the Big Lots, Inc. Non-Employee Director Compensation Package. STOCK OWNERSHIP Ownership of Our Common Shares by
Certain Beneficial Owners and Management The following table sets forth certain
information with regard to the beneficial ownership of our common shares by each
holder of more than five percent of our common shares, each director, each of
the current and former executive officers named in the Summary Compensation
Table, and all executive officers and directors as a group. The assessment of
holders of more than five percent of our common shares is based on a review of
and reliance upon their respective filings with the SEC. Except as otherwise
indicated, all information is as of March 21, 2014. Name of Beneficial | Amount and Nature of | Percent of
Owner or Identity of | Beneficial Ownership | Outstanding
Group | (1) | Common Shares
Lisa M. Bachmann | 306,813 | *
Jeffrey P. Berger | 18,762 | *
David J. Campisi | 107,725 | *
James R. Chambers | 5,570 | *
Joe R. Cooper | 250,063 | *
Steven S. Fishman | 777,218 | 1.3 | %
Peter J. Hayes | 8,561 | *
Charles W. Haubiel II | 30,000 | *
Timothy A. Johnson | 152,056 | *
Brenda J. Lauderback | 11,695 | *
Philip E. Mallott | 40,662 | *
John C. Martin | 53,750 | *
Carlos V. Rodriguez | 30,000 | *
Russell Solt | 14,337 | *
James R. Tener | 36,762 | *
Dennis B. Tishkoff | 19,371 | *
FMR, LLC (2) | 8,757,238 | 15.0 | %
Sasco Capital, Inc. (3) | 4,490,155 | 7.2 | %
Capital Research Global Investors (4) | 3,699,800 | 6.3 | %
BlackRock, Inc. (5) | 3,385,419 | 5.8 | %
LSV Asset Management (6) | 3,230,889 | 5.6 | %
The Vanguard Group, Inc. (7) | 3,029,181 | 5.2 | %
All directors and executive officers as a group (22 persons) | 2,076,926 | 3.6 | % - 13 - ____________________ * | Represents less than 1.0% of the outstanding common shares.
(1) | Each person named in the table has sole voting power and sole dispositive power with respect to all common shares shown as beneficially owned by such person, except as otherwise stated in the footnotes to this table. The amounts set forth in the table include common shares that may be acquired within 60 days of March 21, 2014 under stock options exercisable within that period. The number of common shares that may be acquired within 60 days of March 21, 2014 under stock options exercisable within that period are as follows: Ms. Bachmann: 195,313; Mr. Berger: 0; Mr. Campisi: 28,875; Mr. Chambers: 0; Mr. Cooper: 146,563; Mr. Fishman: 307,510; Mr. Hayes: 0; Mr. Haubiel: 30,000; Mr. Johnson: 66,125; Ms. Lauderback: 0; Mr. Mallott: 20,000; Mr. Martin: 28,750; Mr. Rodriguez 10,000: Mr. Solt: 0; Mr. Tener: 15,000; Mr. Tishkoff: 0; and all directors and executive officers as a group: 959,886.
(2) | In its Schedule 13G/A filed on February 14, 2014, FMR, LLC, 245 Summer Street, Boston, MA 02210, stated that it beneficially owned the number of common shares reported in the table as of December 31, 2013, had sole voting power over 10,198 of the shares, had sole dispositive power over 8,757,238 of the shares, had no shared voting power or shared dispositive power over any of the shares. In its Schedule 13G/A, this reporting person indicated that its wholly-owned subsidiary, Fidelity Management and Research Company, was the beneficial owner of 8,747,207 common shares.
(3) | In its Schedule 13G/A filed on February 12, 2014, Sasco Capital, Inc., 10 Sasco Hill Road, Fairfield, CT 06824, stated that it beneficially owned the number of common shares reported in the table as of December 31, 2013, had sole voting power over 1,831,695 of the shares, had sole dispositive power over all of the shares, and had no shared voting power or shared dispositive power over any of the shares.
(4) | In its Schedule 13G/A filed on February 13, 2014, Capital Research Global Investors, 333 South Hope Street, Los Angeles, CA 90071, stated that it beneficially owned the number of common shares reported in the table as of December 31, 2013, had sole voting power and sole dispositive power over all of the shares, and had no shared voting power or shared dispositive power over any of the shares.
(5) | In its Schedule 13G filed on January 28, 2014, BlackRock, Inc., 40 East 52 nd Street, New York, NY 10022, stated that it beneficially owned the number of common shares reported in the table as of December 31, 2013, had sole voting power over 3,139,116 of the shares and sole dispositive power over all of the shares, and had no shared voting power or shared dispositive power over any of the shares.
(6) | In its Schedule 13G filed on February 10, 2014, LSV Asset Management, 155 North Wacker Drive, Suite 4600, Chicago, IL 60606, stated that it beneficially owned the number of common shares reported in the table as of December 31, 2013, had sole voting power over 1,777,669 of the shares and sole dispositive power over all of the shares, and had no shared voting power or shared dispositive power over any of the shares.
(7) | In its Schedule 13G/A filed on February 11, 2014, The Vanguard Group, Inc., 100 Vanguard Blvd., Malvern, PA 19355, stated that it beneficially owned the number of common shares reported in the table as of December 31, 2013, had sole voting power over 36,891 of the shares, had sole dispositive power over 2,997,190 of the shares, had shared dispositive power over 31,991 of the shares, and had no shared voting power over any of the shares. In its Schedule 13G/A, this reporting person indicated that its wholly-owned subsidiaries, Vanguard Fiduciary Trust Company and Vanguard Investments Australia, Ltd., were the beneficial owners of 31,991 and 4,900 common shares, respectively. Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership
Reporting Compliance Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act requires
our directors and executive officers, and persons who beneficially own more than
10% of our outstanding common shares, to file with the SEC and the NYSE initial
reports of ownership and reports of changes in ownership of our common shares.
Executive officers, directors and greater than 10% shareholders are required by
the SEC rules to furnish us with copies of all Section 16(a) reports they file.
Based upon a review of filings with the SEC and written representations that no
other reports were required, we believe that all of our directors and executive
officers and greater than 10% shareholders complied during fiscal 2013 with the
reporting requirements of Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act, except Mr. Hayes,
an outside director, who inadvertently failed to disclose the sale of 1,660 of
our common shares on June 17, 2013. This transaction was reported on a Form 4
dated June 21, 2013. - 14 - PROPOSAL TWO: APPROVAL OF THE AMENDED
AND RESTATED BIG LOTS 2012 LONG-TERM INCENTIVE PLAN Background On March 5, 2014, the Board adopted, based
on the recommendation of the Compensation Committee (which we refer to as the
“Committee” throughout this discussion of Proposal 2), and proposed that our
shareholders approve, the amended and restated 2012 LTIP. Our shareholders first
approved the 2012 LTIP on May 23, 2012. The amended and restated 2012 LTIP will
become effective if and when approved by our shareholders at the Annual Meeting.
The Board recommends that shareholders approve the amended and restated 2012
LTIP. We are required to periodically resubmit
the 2012 LTIP for shareholder approval so that certain Awards (as defined below
in “Summary of the Amended and Restated 2012 LTIP”) granted under the 2012 LTIP
can continue to qualify as qualified performance-based compensation under
Section 162(m) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended and including
applicable rules, regulations and authoritative interpretations thereunder
(“IRC”). Therefore, we are seeking shareholder approval with respect to the
amended and restated 2012 LTIP in its entirety. The amended and restated 2012
LTIP does not include a request for additional common shares to be awarded under
the plan. If our shareholders do not approve the amended and restated 2012 LTIP,
Awards previously granted under the 2012 LTIP will remain valid and the 2012
LTIP will remain in effect. The Proposed Amended and Restated 2012
LTIP The amendments to the 2012 LTIP made in
the amended and restated 2012 LTIP include: Expanding the performance measures for Awards
 intended to qualify as “performance-based” compensation under Section 162(m) of the IRC. The only significant revisions to the 2012 LTIP made in the amended and restated 2012 LTIP for which we
 require shareholder approval are the additional performance measures set forth in the amended and restated 2012 LTIP on
 which the Committee may base the performance
 goals it establishes for performance-based Awards granted under the
 amended and restated 2012 LTIP. The Board
 believes that the 2012 LTIP needs to include these additional performance measures to address all of the financial
 measures that management now focuses on in its corporate operating plan. See “Types of Awards – Performance-Based
 Awards” for a complete list of the performance
 measures available under the amended and restated 2012 LTIP. Updating and clarifying certain other
 provisions of the 2012 LTIP. The other
 proposed amendments to the 2012 LTIP
 principally consist of (1) updates to accounting standard references in the
 2012 LTIP, (2) clarifications to performance
 measures that conform certain of the performance measures to the performance measures set forth in our amended and restated
 2006 Bonus Plan, and (3) additional revisions
 that we believe would improve the clarity of the 2012 LTIP. We believe these
 amendments will facilitate a better
 understanding of the 2012 LTIP’s terms by participants, shareholders,
 administrators and us. Section 162(m) Approval
Requirement Section 162(m) of the IRC generally
provides that we may not deduct more than $1,000,000 of compensation paid during
any fiscal year to our covered employees (i.e., our CEO and our three other
highest compensated executives (excluding the principal financial officer)
employed at the end of the fiscal year). However, this limit does not apply to
“qualified performance-based compensation” as defined by Section 162(m) of the
IRC. Awards under the 2012 LTIP will only constitute qualified performance-based
compensation under Section 162(m) of the IRC if certain requirements are
satisfied, including shareholder approval of the material terms of the
performance measures of the 2012 LTIP at least once every five years. By
approving the amended and restated 2012 LTIP, our shareholders will approve,
among other things, the material terms of the performance measures (as described
below in “Types of Awards – Performance-Based Awards”) used to determine whether
performance-based Awards are earned. - 15 - Summary of the Amended and Restated
2012 LTIP The 2012 LTIP is an omnibus plan that
provides for a variety of types of Awards to maintain flexibility. The 2012 LTIP
permits grants of (1) non-qualified stock options (“NQSOs”), (2) incentive stock
options (“ISOs”) as defined in Section 422 of the IRC, (3) stock appreciation
rights (“SARs”), (4) restricted stock, (5) restricted stock units, (6) deferred
stock units, (7) performance shares, (8) performance share units, (9)
performance units, (10) cash-based awards, and (11) other stock-based awards
(NQSOs, ISOs, SARs, restricted stock, restricted stock units, deferred stock
units, performance shares, performance share units, performance units,
cash-based awards and other stock-based awards are referred to collectively as
“Awards”). The 2012 LTIP is designed to support our
long-term business objectives in a manner consistent with our compensation
philosophy. The Board believes that by offering our employees long-term equity
and qualified performance-based compensation through the 2012 LTIP, we promote
the following key objectives of our compensation program: aligning the interests of salaried employees,
 outside directors and consultants with those of our shareholders through increased participant ownership of our common
 shares; and attracting, motivating and retaining experienced
 and highly qualified salaried employees, outside directors and consultants who will contribute to our financial
 success. We have made a concerted effort to manage
to reasonable levels the annual run rate – that is, the total number of common
shares underlying equity-related awards granted in any given fiscal year divided
by the weighted-average number of common shares outstanding during that fiscal
year. It is our intention to continue to manage our run rate over time to
reasonable levels while ensuring that our executive compensation program is
competitive and motivational. The following summary describes the
material features of the amended and restated 2012 LTIP and is qualified in its
entirety by reference to the complete text of the amended and restated 2012 LTIP
attached to this Proxy Statement as Appendix A . Administration Subject to the terms of the 2012 LTIP, the
selection of participants in the 2012 LTIP, the level of participation of each
participant and the terms and conditions of all Awards will be determined by the
Committee. Each member of the Committee will be an “independent director” for
purposes of our Corporate Governance Guidelines, the Committee’s charter and the
NYSE listing requirements; a “non-employee director” within the meaning of Rule
16b-3 under the Exchange Act; and an “outside director” within the meaning of
Section 162(m) of the IRC. The Committee is currently comprised of five
directors, each of whom meets all of these criteria. Consistent with the purpose
of the 2012 LTIP, the Committee will have the discretionary authority to (1)
interpret the 2012 LTIP, (2) prescribe, amend and rescind rules and regulations
relating to the 2012 LTIP, and (3) make all other determinations necessary or
advisable for the administration or operation of the 2012 LTIP. The Committee
may delegate authority to administer the 2012 LTIP as it deems appropriate,
subject to the express limitations set forth in the 2012 LTIP. Limits on Awards The Board has reserved a number of common
shares for issuance under the 2012 LTIP equal to the sum of (1) 7,750,000 newly
issued common shares plus (2) any common shares subject to the 4,702,362
outstanding awards as of March 15, 2012 under the Big Lots 2005 Long-Term
Incentive Plan (“2005 LTIP”) that, on or after March 15, 2012, cease for any
reason to be subject to such awards (other than by reason of exercise or
settlement of the awards to the extent they are exercised for or settled in
vested and nonforfeitable common shares). Of this number, no more than 7,750,000
common shares may be issued pursuant to grants of ISOs during the term of the
2012 LTIP. The 2012 LTIP is designed with a flexible
share pool. With a flexible share pool, the share authorization is based on the
least costly award vehicle (generally stock options). The value of an option is
compared to a full value award (a full value award is an award other than a
stock option or SAR that is settled by the issuance of a common share) - 16 - to determine a valuation ratio. We have
used a binominal model to determine our valuation ratio of 1:2.15. This means
that every time an option is granted, the authorized pool is reduced by one
common share and every time a full value share is granted, the authorized pool
is reduced by 2.15 common shares. A participant may receive multiple Awards
under the 2012 LTIP. Awards will be limited to the following per participant
annual fiscal year amounts: Award Type | Annual Limit per Participant
Stock Options | 2,000,000 common shares
SARs | 2,000,000 common shares
Restricted Stock | 1,000,000 common shares
Restricted Stock Units | 1,000,000 common shares
Deferred Stock Units | 1,000,000 common shares
Performance Shares, Performance Share Units and | 1,000,000 common shares or equivalent value
Performance Units
Cash-Based Awards | The greater of $7,000,000 or the value of
1,000,000 common shares
Other Stock-Based Awards | 1,000,000 common shares The common shares available for issuance
under the 2012 LTIP will be our authorized but unissued common shares and
treasury shares. Subject to the terms of the 2012 LTIP, common shares covered by
an Award will only be counted as used to the extent they are actually issued. To
the extent that any Award payable in common shares (1) terminates by expiration,
forfeiture, cancellation, or otherwise without the issuance of such common
shares, (2) is settled in cash in lieu of common shares, or (3) is exchanged
with the Committee’s permission prior to the issuance of common shares for
Awards not involving common shares, the common shares covered thereby may again
be made subject to Awards under the 2012 LTIP. However, common shares which are
(a) not issued or delivered as a result of the net settlement of a stock option
or stock-settled SAR, (b) withheld to satisfy tax withholding obligations on a
stock option or SAR issued under the 2012 LTIP, (c) tendered to pay the exercise
price of a stock option or the grant price of a SAR under the 2012 LTIP, or (d)
repurchased on the open market with the proceeds of a stock option exercise will
no longer be eligible to be again available for grant under the 2012
LTIP. Eligibility and
Participation All of our and our affiliates’ employees,
outside directors and consultants will be eligible to participate in the 2012
LTIP. As of February 1, 2014, we and our affiliates had approximately 38,100
employees and eight outside directors. We are unable to reasonably estimate the
number of consultants who will be eligible to receive awards under the 2012
LTIP. In fiscal 2013, approximately 110 employees, 8 outside directors and no
consultants received equity incentive awards, although this may vary from year
to year. From time to time, the Committee will determine who will be granted
Awards, the number of shares subject to such grants, and all other terms of
Awards. Types of Awards Stock Options Stock options granted under the 2012 LTIP
may be either NQSOs or ISOs. The exercise price of any stock option granted may
not be less than the fair market value of the Company’s common shares on the
date the stock option is granted. The stock option exercise price is payable (1)
in cash, (2) by tendering previously acquired common shares (subject to the
satisfaction of the holding period set forth in the 2012 LTIP) having an
aggregate fair value at the time of exercise equal to the exercise price, (3)
through a broker-assisted cashless exercise, or (4) by any combination of the
foregoing. The Committee determines the terms of each
stock option grant at the time of the grant. However, the aggregate fair market
value (determined as of the date of the grant) of the common shares subject to
ISOs that are exercisable by any participant for the first time in any calendar
year may not be greater than $100,000. The Committee specifies at the time each
stock option is granted the time or times at which, and in what proportions, the
stock - 17 - option becomes vested and exercisable. No
stock option shall be exercisable earlier than six months after the grant date
or later than seven years after the grant date. In general, a stock option
expires upon the earlier of (1) its stated expiration date or (2) one year after
the participant terminates service (except in the case of ISOs which must be
exercised within three months after a termination of service, other than due to
death or disability). Stock Appreciation
Rights A SAR entitles the participant, upon
settlement, to receive a payment based on the excess of the fair market value of
our common shares on the settlement date over the grant price of the SAR,
multiplied by the number of SARs being settled. The grant price of a SAR may not
be less than the fair market value of our common shares on the grant date. SARs
may be payable in cash, our common shares or a combination of both. The Committee determines the vesting
requirements, the form of payment and other terms of a SAR. Vesting may be based
on the continued service of the participant for specified time periods or the
attainment of a specified business performance goal established by the Committee
or both. No SAR shall be exercisable earlier than six months after the grant
date or later than seven years after the grant date. In general, a SAR expires
upon the earlier of (1) its stated expiration date or (2) one year after the
participant terminates service. We have not issued any SARs under the 2005 LTIP
or the 2012 LTIP, and do not currently have any SARs outstanding. Restricted Stock A restricted stock Award represents our
common shares that are issued subject to restrictions on transfer and vesting
requirements as determined by the Committee. Vesting requirements may be based
on the continued service of the participant for specified time periods or the
attainment of a specified business performance goal established by the
Committee. In general, no more than one-third of a restricted stock Award may
vest before each of the first three anniversary dates after the grant date.
However, if vesting is based on the attainment of a specified business
performance goal established by the Committee, then the restricted stock may not
vest sooner than the first anniversary after the grant date. Subject to the transfer restrictions and
vesting requirements of the restricted stock Award, the participant has the same
rights as our shareholders during the restriction period, including all voting
and dividend rights, although the Committee may provide that dividends and
restricted stock certificates will be held in escrow during the restriction
period (and forfeited or distributed depending on whether applicable performance
goals or service restrictions have been met). Also, any stock dividends will be
subject to the same restrictions that apply to the restricted stock upon which
the stock dividends are issued. Unless the Committee specifies otherwise in the
Award agreement, the restricted stock is forfeited if the participant terminates
service before the restricted stock vests or if applicable terms and conditions
have not been met at the end of the restriction period. Restricted Stock
Units An Award of restricted stock units
provides the participant the right to receive a payment based on the value of
our common shares. Restricted stock units may be subject to such vesting
requirements, restrictions and conditions to payment as the Committee determines
are appropriate. Vesting requirements may be based on the continued service of
the participant for a specified time period or on the attainment of a specified
business performance goal established by the Committee. In general, no more than
one-third of a stock-settled restricted stock unit Award may vest before each of
the first three anniversary dates after the grant date. However, if vesting is
based on the attainment of a specified business performance goal established by
the Committee, then the stock-settled restricted stock units may not vest sooner
than the first anniversary after the grant date. Restricted stock units are
payable in cash, our common shares or a combination of both, as determined by
the Committee. Participants receiving restricted stock
units do not have, with respect to such restricted stock units, any of the
rights of a shareholder. Unless the Committee specifies otherwise in the Award
agreement, the restricted stock unit Award is forfeited if the participant
terminates service before the restricted stock unit vests or if applicable terms
and conditions have not been met at the end of the restriction
period. - 18 - Deferred Stock
Units An Award of deferred stock units provides
the participant the right to defer receipt of all or some portion of his or her
annual compensation, annual incentive bonus and/or long-term compensation as
permitted by the Committee, and for which the participant will receive a payment
based on the value of our common shares. Deferred stock units shall be fully
vested and non-forfeitable at all times. Deferred stock units, together with any
dividend-equivalent rights credited with respect thereto, may be subject to such
requirements, restrictions and conditions to payment as the Committee determines
are appropriate. Deferred stock unit Awards are payable in cash, our common
shares or a combination of both. Participants credited with deferred stock units
shall not have, with respect to such deferred stock units, any of the rights of
a shareholder of the Company. Performance Shares, Performance
Share Units and Performance Units An Award of performance shares,
performance share units or performance units provides the participant the right
to receive our common shares if specified terms and conditions are met.
Performance shares are restricted shares that are subject to performance based
vesting. Performance share units are restricted stock units that are subject to
performance based vesting. Performance units are cash based awards that are
subject to performance based vesting. Performance share, performance share unit
and performance unit Awards are payable in cash or our common shares or in a
combination of both. Unless the Committee specifies otherwise when the Award is
granted, if a participant terminates service for any reason before the
performance shares, performance share units or performance units become vested,
such Award will be forfeited. Cash-Based Awards An Award of cash-based awards provides the
participant an opportunity to receive a cash payment. Cash-based awards may be
subject to such vesting requirements, restrictions and conditions to payment as
the Committee determines are appropriate. Vesting requirements may be based on
the continued service of the participant for a specified time period or on the
attainment of a specified performance goal established by the Committee. If a
participant terminates service before the cash-based award vests, the Award will
be forfeited. Other Stock-Based
Awards An Award of other stock-based awards
provides the participant an equity-based or equity-related right, which may
provide the participant the right to receive our common shares. Other
stock-based awards may be subject to such vesting requirements, restrictions and
conditions to payment as the Committee determines are appropriate. Vesting
requirements may be based on the continued service of the participant for a
specified time period or on the attainment of a specified performance goal
established by the Committee. In general, no more than one-third of another
stock-based award may vest before each of the first three anniversary dates
after the grant date. However, if vesting is based on the attainment of a
specified business performance goal established by the Committee, then the other
stock-based award may not vest sooner than the first anniversary after the grant
date. If a participant terminates service for any reason before the other
stock-based award vests, the Award will be forfeited. Performance-Based
Awards Any Awards granted under the 2012 LTIP may
be granted in a form that qualifies for the qualified performance-based
compensation exception under Section 162(m) of the IRC. Under Section 162(m) of
the IRC, the terms of the Award must state, through an objective formula or
standard, the method of computing the amount of compensation payable under the
Award, and must preclude discretion to increase the amount of compensation
payable under the terms of the Award (but may give the Committee discretion to
decrease the amount of compensation payable). As described above in “Limits on
Awards,” the 2012 LTIP imposes certain limitations on the number and value of
performance-based Awards to covered employees. The payment or vesting of
performance-based Awards granted under the 2012 LTIP is based on performance
goals established by the Committee. The 2012 LTIP specifies the following
performance measures from which the performance goals must be
derived: Earnings (loss) per common share from continuing
 operations; Earnings (loss) per common share; Operating profit (loss), operating income (loss),
 or income (loss) from operations (as the case may be); - 19 - Income (Loss) from continuing operations before
 unusual or infrequent items; Income (Loss) from continuing operations; Income (Loss) from continuing operations before
 income taxes; Income (Loss) from continuing operations before
 extraordinary item and/or cumulative effect of a change in accounting principle (as the case may be); Income (Loss) before extraordinary item and/or
 cumulative effect of a change in accounting principle (as the case may be); Net income (loss); Income (Loss) before other comprehensive income
 (loss); Comprehensive income (loss); Income (Loss) before interest and income
 taxes; Income (Loss) before interest, income taxes,
 depreciation and amortization; Any other objective and specific income (loss)
 category or non-GAAP financial measure that appears as a line item in our filings with the Securities and Exchange
 Commission or the annual report to
 shareholders; Any of the performance measures above (other than
 earnings (loss) per common share from continuing operations and earnings (loss) per common share) on a
 weighted average common shares outstanding
 basis; Either of earnings (loss) per common share from
 continuing operations and earnings (loss) per common share on a basic or diluted basis and any of the other performance
 measures above on a basic or diluted earnings
 per share basis; Common stock price; Total shareholder return expressed on a dollar or
 percentage basis as is customarily disclosed in the proxy statement accompanying the notice of annual meetings of
 shareholders; Percentage increase in comparable store
 sales; Gross profit (loss) or gross margin (loss) (as the
 case may be); Economic value added; Return measures (including, but not limited to,
 return on assets, capital, invested capital, equity, sales, or revenue); Expense targets; Cash flow (including, but not limited to,
 operating cash flow, free cash flow, cash flow return on equity, and cash flow return on investment); Productivity ratios; Market share; Customer satisfaction; or Working capital targets and change in working
 capital. - 20 - Effect of Change in
Control Awards under the 2012 LTIP are generally
subject to special provisions upon the occurrence of a change in control (as
defined in the 2012 LTIP). For Awards granted under the 2012 LTIP, if a change
in control occurs, then: (1) all outstanding stock options and SARs under the
2012 LTIP shall become fully exercisable; (2) all remaining restrictions
applicable to restricted stock and restricted stock units shall lapse and such
restricted stock and restricted stock units shall become free of restrictions,
fully vested and transferable or redeemed, as applicable; (3) all performance
goals or other conditions applicable to performance shares, performance share
units or performance units shall be deemed satisfied in full and the common
shares or cash subject to such Award shall be fully distributable; (4) any
remaining restrictions, performance goals or other conditions applicable to
deferred stock units shall be deemed to be satisfied in full with the common
shares or cash subject to such Award being fully distributable; and (5) all
outstanding other stock-based awards or cash-based awards shall become fully
vested. Payments under Awards that become subject to the excess parachute rules
of Section 280G of the IRC may be reduced under certain circumstances. See the
“Tax Treatment of Awards — Sections 280G and 4999” subsection below for more
details. Limited Transferability All Awards or common shares subject to an
Award under the 2012 LTIP are nontransferable except upon death, either by the
participant’s will or the laws of descent and distribution or through a
beneficiary designation, and Awards are exercisable during the participant’s
lifetime only by the participant (or by the participant’s legal representative
in the event of the participant’s incapacity). Adjustments for Corporate
Changes In the event of a reorganization,
recapitalization, merger, spin-off, stock split or other specified changes
affecting us or our capital structure, the Committee is required to make
equitable adjustments that reflect the effects of such changes to the
participants. Such adjustments may relate to the number of our common shares
available for grant, as well as to other maximum limitations under the 2012 LTIP
(e.g., exercise prices and number of Awards), and the number of our common
shares or other rights and prices under outstanding Awards. Term, Amendment and
Termination The 2012 LTIP will expire on May 23, 2022,
unless terminated earlier by the Board. Although the Board or the Committee may
amend or alter the 2012 LTIP, it may not do so without shareholder approval of
any amendment or alteration to the extent shareholder approval is required by
law, regulation or stock exchange rule. In addition, any amendment, alteration
or termination of the 2012 LTIP or an Award agreement may not adversely affect
any outstanding Award to a participant without the consent of that participant
other than amendments for the purpose of (1) causing the 2012 LTIP to comply
with applicable law, (2) permitting us to receive a tax deduction under
applicable law, or (3) avoiding an expense charge to us or our
affiliates. Repricing The 2012 LTIP does not permit the
repricing of Awards without the approval of shareholders or the granting of
Awards with a reload feature. - 21 - Plan Benefits Future benefits under the 2012 LTIP are
not currently determinable. The Committee has discretionary authority to grant
Awards pursuant to the 2012 LTIP which does not contain any provision for
automatic grants. In accordance with the rules of the SEC,
the following table sets forth all of the stock options granted to each of our
named executive officers and the groups identified below since the adoption of
the 2012 LTIP through February 1, 2014: Number of | Number of
Name of Individual or | Number of | Shares of Restricted | Performance
Identity of Group and Position | Options (1) | Stock (2) | Share Units (3)
David J. Campisi,
Chief Executive Officer and President | 115,500 | 37,800 | 37,800
Timothy A. Johnson,
Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer | 45,000 | 54,500 | —
Lisa M. Bachmann,
Executive Vice President, Chief Operating Officer | 40,000 | 51,500 | —
Joe R. Cooper,
Executive Vice President and President, Big Lots Canada, Inc. | 40,000 | 43,500 | —
Carlos V. Rodriguez,
Senior Vice President, Distribution and Transportation Services | 40,000 | 20,000 | —
Steven S. Fishman,
Former Chief Executive Officer and President | 0 | 0 | —
Charles W. Haubiel II,
Former Executive Vice President, Chief Administrative Officer,
General Counsel and Corporate Secretary | 40,000 | 49,000 | —
John C. Martin,
Former Executive Vice President, Chief Merchandising Officer | 40,000 | 30,000 | —
All current executive officers, as a group (14 persons) | 435,000 | 277,100 | 37,800
All current directors who are not executive officers,
as a group (8 directors) | 0 | 0 | —
Each nominee for election as a director | 115,000 | 37,800 | 37,800
Each associate of any of such directors,
executive officers or nominees | 0 | 0 | —
Each other person who received or is to receive
5 percent of awards under plan | 0 | 0 | —
All employees, including all current officers who are
not executive officers, as a group | 804,000 | 200,900 | — ____________________ (1) | All of these stock options: (a) were granted with an exercise price equal to the fair market value of our common shares on the date of grant; (b) have exercise prices ranging from $27.68 to $40.62 (with a weighted average exercise price of $35.82); and (c) have a seven-year term and expire between June 4, 2019 and January 13, 2021. All of these stock options vest and become exercisable over a four-year period in 25% increments beginning on the first anniversary of the grant date, subject to the recipient’s continued employment with us on the applicable vesting date. As of February 1, 2014, the closing price of our common shares on the NYSE was $26.79.
(2) | All of these shares of restricted stock, other than the Retention Awards and the restricted stock awarded to outside directors, vest upon attaining the first trigger and the first to occur of (a) attaining the second trigger; (b) the lapsing of five years after the grant date while continuously employed; or (c) the grantee’s death or disability (which results in the vesting of a prorated portion of the award).
The Compensation Committee granted Retention Awards under the 2012 LTIP to Mr. Johnson, Ms. Bachmann, Mr. Cooper and Mr. Haubiel on April 1, 2013 consisting of 9,500, 21,500, 13,500 and 19,000 shares of restricted stock, respectively. Each Retention Award will vest and be transferred to the named executive officer without restriction on the earlier of: (a) the first trading day that is 18 months following - 22 - the grant date; or (b) the first trading day following the executive’s termination of employment if such termination of employment is the result of the executive’s (i) dismissal by us without cause (as defined in the Retention Award Agreement) or (ii) death or disability (provided, however, if the executive dies or suffers a disability, only 1/18th of the Retention Award will vest for each consecutive month that the executive completed with us between the grant date and his or her termination).
The restricted stock awarded to the outside directors vests on the earlier of (a) the trading day immediately preceding our annual meeting of shareholders in the fiscal year after the award or (b) the outside director’s death or disability; provided, that the restricted stock will not vest if the outside director ceases to serve on the Board before either vesting event occurs.
(3) | All of these performance share units may be earned in one-third increments if the market price of our common shares appreciates, for a period of 20 consecutive trading days, to at least 110%, 120% and 130% of the grant date fair market value before the earlier to occur of the termination of the executives employment and the lapsing of seven years after the grant date. As of February 1, 2014; there were (1)
6,805,740 common shares available for grant under the 2012 LTIP; (2) 1,441,088
common shares underlying awards outstanding under the 2012 LTIP (1,022,687 of
which are underlying stock options, 380,601 which are underlying restricted
stock and 37,800 shares underlying a performance share units award); (3)
2,567,336 common shares underlying awards outstanding under the 2005 LTIP
(2,283,836 of which are underlying stock options and 283,500 of which are
underlying restricted stock); and (4) 58,325,322 outstanding common
shares. As of February 1, 2014: (1) the weighted
average exercise price of the 3,377,303 outstanding stock options under our
equity compensation plans (including under those plans that previously
terminated) was $34.88 and the weighted average remaining term was 4.3 years;
and (2) there were 701,901 restricted stock awards outstanding under our equity
compensation plans. Federal Income Tax Treatment of
Awards The following summary discussion of the
United States federal income tax implications of Awards under the 2012 LTIP is
based on the provisions of the IRC as of the date of this Proxy Statement. This
summary is not intended to be exhaustive and does not, among other things,
describe state, local or foreign tax consequences and such tax consequences may
not correspond to the federal income tax treatment described herein. The exact
federal income tax treatment of transactions could vary depending upon the
specific facts and circumstances involved and participants are advised to
consult their personal tax advisors with regard to all consequences arising from
the grant, vesting or exercise of Awards and the disposition of any acquired
common shares. Incentive Stock
Options ISOs may only be granted to our employees.
No taxable ordinary income to the participant or a deduction to us will be
realized at the time the ISO is granted or exercised. If the participant holds
the common shares received as a result of an exercise of an ISO for at least two
years from the grant date and one year from the exercise date, then (1) any gain
realized on disposition of the common shares is treated as a long-term capital
gain and any loss sustained will be a long-term capital loss and (2) we are not
entitled to a deduction. If the common shares acquired by an exercise of an ISO
are disposed of within either of these periods (i.e., a “disqualifying
disposition”), then the participant must include in his or her income, as
taxable compensation for the year of the disposition, an amount equal to the
excess, if any, of the fair market value of the common shares upon exercise of
the stock option over the stock option exercise price (or, if less, the excess
of the amount realized upon disposition over the stock option exercise price).
In such case, we will generally be entitled to a deduction, generally in the
year of such a disposition, for the amount includible in the participant’s
income as taxable compensation. The participant’s basis in the common shares
acquired upon exercise of an ISO is equal to the stock option exercise price
paid, plus any amount includible in his or her income as a result of a
disqualifying disposition. The rules that generally apply to ISOs do not apply
when calculating any alternative minimum tax liability. The rules affecting the
application of the alternative minimum tax are complex, and their effect depends
on individual circumstances, including whether a participant has items of
adjustment other than those derived from ISOs. - 23 - Non-Qualified Stock
Options A NQSO results in no taxable income to the
participant or deduction to us at the time it is granted. A participant
exercising a NQSO will, at that time, realize taxable compensation in the amount
of the difference between the stock option exercise price and the then-current
fair market value of the common shares. Subject to the applicable provisions of
the IRC, a deduction for federal income tax purposes will be allowable to us in
the year of exercise in an amount equal to the taxable compensation recognized
by the participant. The participant’s basis in such common
shares is equal to the sum of the stock option exercise price plus the amount
includible in his or her income as compensation upon exercise. Any gain (or
loss) upon subsequent disposition of the common shares will be a long-term or
short-term gain (or loss), depending upon the holding period of the common
shares. If a participant tenders previously owned
common shares in payment of the NQSO exercise price, then, instead of the
treatment described above, the following generally will apply: (1) a number of
new common shares equal to the number of previously owned common shares tendered
will be considered to have been received in a tax-free exchange; (2) the
participant’s basis and holding period for such number of new common shares will
be equal to the basis and holding period of the previously owned common shares
exchanged; (3) the participant will have compensation income equal to the fair
market value on the exercise date of the number of new common shares received in
excess of such number of exchanged common shares; (4) the participant’s basis in
such excess shares will be equal to the amount of such compensation income; and
(5) the holding period in such common shares will begin on the exercise
date. Stock Appreciation
Rights Generally, a participant that receives a
SAR will not recognize taxable income at the time the SAR is granted. If a
participant receives the appreciation inherent in a SAR in cash, the cash will
be taxed as ordinary compensation income to the participant at the time it is
received. If a participant receives the appreciation inherent in a SAR in common
shares, the spread between the then-current fair market value of the common
shares and the grant price will be taxed as ordinary compensation income to the
participant at the time it is received. In general, there will be no federal
income tax deduction allowed to us upon the grant or termination of a SAR.
However, upon the settlement of either form of SAR, we will generally be
entitled to a deduction equal to the amount of ordinary income the participant
is required to recognize as a result of the settlement. If the amount a participant receives upon
disposition of the common shares that the participant acquired by exercising a
SAR is greater than the sum of the aggregate exercise price that the participant
paid plus the amount of ordinary income recognized by the participant upon
exercise, the excess will be treated as a long-term or short-term capital gain,
depending on the holding period of the common shares. Conversely, if the amount
a participant receives upon disposition of the common shares that the
participant acquired by exercising a SAR is less than the sum of the aggregate
exercise price that the participant paid plus the amount of ordinary income
recognized by the participant upon exercise, the difference will be treated as a
long-term or short-term capital loss, depending on the holding period of the
common shares. Restricted Stock Generally, a participant will not
recognize income and we will not be entitled to a deduction at the time an award
of restricted stock is made under the 2012 LTIP, unless the participant makes a
Section 83(b) election described below. A participant who has not made such an
election will recognize ordinary compensation income at the time the
restrictions on the common shares lapse in an amount equal to the fair market
value of the common shares at such time. We will generally be entitled to a
corresponding deduction in the same amount and at the same time as the
participant recognizes income. Any otherwise taxable disposition of the
restricted stock after the time the restrictions lapse will result in a capital
gain or loss to the extent the amount realized from the sale differs from the
tax basis (i.e., the fair market value of the common shares on the date the
restrictions lapse). - 24 - Deferred Stock
Units Generally, a participant who defers
compensation into deferred stock units will not recognize income at the time the
compensation would otherwise have been paid to the participant. Upon the
settlement of the deferred stock unit, the participant will be taxed on the
then-current fair market value of the shares or cash paid and we will be
entitled to a deduction equal to the amount of ordinary compensation income the
participant is required to recognize as a result of the settlement. Other Awards The current United States federal income
tax consequences of other Awards authorized under the 2012 LTIP are generally in
accordance with the following: (1) the fair market value of other stock-based
awards is generally subject to ordinary compensation income tax at the time the
restrictions lapse, unless the participant elects to accelerate recognition as
of the date of grant; and (2) the amount of cash paid (or the fair market value
of the common shares issued) to settle restricted stock units, performance
shares, performance share units, performance units and cash-based awards is
generally subject to ordinary compensation income tax. In each of the foregoing
cases, we will generally be entitled to a corresponding federal income tax
deduction at the same time the participant recognizes ordinary compensation
income. Dividend-Equivalent
Rights Participants may be granted
dividend-equivalent rights in connection with any Award other than a stock
option or SAR. A participant who receives dividend-equivalent rights with
respect to an Award between the grant date and the date the Award is exercised,
payable or vests or when the restrictions lapse or expires (as the terms of the
Awards dictate) will recognize ordinary compensation income equal to the value
of cash or common shares delivered and we will generally be entitled to a
corresponding deduction for such dividends. Section 162(m) As described above, Section 162(m) of the
IRC generally provides that a company is prohibited from deducting compensation
paid to certain “covered employees” (i.e., the principal executive officer and
three other most highly compensated officers (other than the principal financial
officer)) in excess of $1 million per person in any year. Compensation that
qualifies as “qualified performance-based compensation” is excluded for purposes
of calculating the amount of compensation subject to the $1 million limit. To
qualify as qualified performance-based compensation, Awards must be granted
under the 2012 LTIP by the Committee and satisfy the 2012 LTIP’s limit on the
total number of common shares that may be awarded to any one participant during
a year. In addition, for Awards other than stock options to qualify as qualified
performance-based compensation, the issuance or vesting of the Award, as
applicable, must be contingent upon satisfying one or more of the performance
measures listed in the 2012 LTIP, as established and certified by the
Committee. Sections 280G and
4999 Section 280G of the IRC disallows
deductions for excess parachute payments and Section 4999 of the IRC imposes
penalties on persons who receive excess parachute payments. A parachute payment
is the present value of any compensation amount that is paid to “disqualified
individuals” (such as our and our subsidiaries’ officers and highly paid
employees) that are contingent upon or paid on account of a change in control –
but only if such payments, in the aggregate, are equal to or greater than 300%
of the participant’s taxable compensation averaged over the five calendar years
ending before the change in control (or over the participant’s entire period of
service if that period is less than five calendar years). This average is called
the “Base Amount.” An excess parachute payment is the amount by which any
parachute payment exceeds the portion of the Base Amount allocated to such
payment. Some participants in the 2012 LTIP may
receive parachute payments in connection with a change in control. If this
happens, the value of each participant’s parachute payment from the 2012 LTIP
must be combined with other parachute payments the same participant is entitled
to receive under other agreements or arrangements with us or our subsidiaries,
such as an employment agreement or a change in control agreement. If the
participant - 25 - is a disqualified individual and the
combined value of all parachute payments is an excess parachute payment, the
participant must pay an excise tax equal to 20% of the value of all parachute
payments above 100% of the participant’s Base Amount. This tax is due in
addition to other federal, state and local income, wage and employment taxes.
Also, neither we nor any of our subsidiaries would be able to deduct the amount
of any participant’s excess parachute payment and the $1,000,000 limit on
deductible compensation under Section 162(m) of the IRC would be reduced by the
amount of the excess parachute payment. The 2012 LTIP addresses excess parachute
payment penalties. Generally, if a participant in the 2012 LTIP receives an
excess parachute payment, the value of the payment is reduced to avoid the
excess parachute penalties. However, the 2012 LTIP also states that other means
of dealing with these penalties will be applied if required by the terms of
another written agreement (whether currently in effect or adopted in future)
with us or any of our subsidiaries (such as an employment or a change in control
agreement). We are a party to an employment agreement with several of our named
executive officers. Those employment agreements provide that if the payments
received by the named executive officer in connection with a change in control
constitute an excess parachute payment under Section 280G of the IRC, the
executive’s benefits under his or her employment agreement will be reduced to
the extent necessary to become one dollar less than the amount that would
generate such excise tax, if this reduction results in a larger after-tax amount
to the executive as compared to the excise tax reimbursement method. The
compensation payable on account of a change in control may be subject to the
deductibility limitations of Sections 162(m) and 280G of the IRC. Section 83(b) A participant may elect pursuant to
Section 83(b) of the IRC to have compensation income recognized at the grant
date of an Award of restricted stock, restricted stock units or performance
units and to have the applicable capital gain holding period commence as of that
date. If a participant makes this election, we will generally be entitled to a
corresponding tax deduction equal to the value of the Award affected by this
election. If the participant who has made an election subsequently forfeits the
Award, then the participant will not be entitled to deduct the amount previously
recognized as income. Section 409A Section 409A of the IRC imposes certain
restrictions on amounts deferred under nonqualified deferred compensation plans
and a 20% excise tax on amounts that are subject to, but do not comply with,
Section 409A of the IRC. If the requirements of Section 409A are not complied
with, holders of such Awards may be taxed earlier than would otherwise be the
case (e.g., at the time of vesting instead of the time of payment) and may be
subject to an additional 20% penalty tax and, potentially, interest and
penalties. Section 409A of the IRC includes a broad definition of nonqualified
deferred compensation plans, which includes certain types of equity incentive
compensation. It is intended that the Awards granted under the 2012 LTIP will
comply with or be exempt from the requirements of Section 409A of the IRC and
the treasury regulations promulgated thereunder (and any subsequent notices or
guidance issued by the Internal Revenue Service). Market Value On February 1, 2014, the closing price of
the Company’s common shares traded on the NYSE was $26.79 per share. - 26 - Equity Compensation Plan
Information The following table summarizes information
as of February 1, 2014 relating to our equity compensation plans pursuant to
which our common shares may be issued. Number of securities
remaining available for
Number of securities to | Weighted-average | future issuance under
be issued upon exercise | exercise price of | equity compensation
of outstanding options, | outstanding options, | plans (excluding securities
warrants and rights (#) | warrants and rights ($) | reflected in column (a)) (#)
Plan Category | (a) | (b) | (c)
Equity compensation plans approved
by security holders | 3,415,103 | (1)(2) | $ | 34.88 | (3) | 6,805,740 | (4)
Equity compensation plans not approved
by security holders | — | — | —
Total | 3,415,103 | $ | 34.88 | (3) | 6,805,740 ____________________ (1) | Includes stock options granted and performance share units granted under the 2012 LTIP, the 2005 LTIP, the Director Stock Option Plan, and the Big Lots, Inc. 1996 Performance Incentive Plan (“1996 LTIP”). In addition, we had 664,101 shares of unvested restricted stock outstanding under the 2012 LTIP and the 2005 LTIP.
(2) | The common shares issuable upon exercise of outstanding stock options granted under each shareholder-approved plan are as follows: 2012 LTIP | 1,022,687
2005 LTIP | 2,283,836
Director Stock Option Plan | 35,000
1996 LTIP | 35,780 (3) | The weighted average exercise price does not take into account the performance share units granted under the 2012 LTIP.
(4) | The common shares available for issuance under the 2012 LTIP are limited to 6,805,740 common shares. There are no common shares available for issuance under any of the other shareholder-approved plans. The 2012 LTIP was initially approved by
shareholders on May 23, 2012. The 1996 LTIP terminated on December 31, 2005. The
Director Stock Option Plan terminated on May 30, 2008. The 2005 LTIP expired on
May 16, 2012. See the “Stock Ownership” section of this Proxy Statement for
additional information with respect to security ownership of certain beneficial
owners and management. THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS RECOMMENDS THAT
YOU VOTE FOR THE PROPOSAL TO APPROVE THE AMENDED AND RESTATED 2012
LTIP. PROPOSAL THREE: APPROVAL OF THE AMENDED
AND RESTATED BIG LOTS 2006 BONUS PLAN Background On March 5, 2014, the Board adopted, based
on the recommendation of the Compensation Committee (which we refer to as the
“Committee” throughout this discussion of Proposal 3), and proposed that our
shareholders approve, the amended and restated 2006 Bonus Plan. The 2006 Bonus
Plan provides for cash incentive awards, which are intended to qualify as
“qualified performance-based compensation” under Section 162(m) of the IRC, to
be paid annually when we meet or exceed pre-established minimum corporate
performance amounts under one or more financial measures approved by the
Committee at the start of the fiscal year. Our shareholders first approved the
2006 Bonus Plan on May 25, 2006, and subsequently amended and restated the 2006
Bonus Plan effective May 27, 2010. The amended and restated 2006 Bonus Plan will
become effective if and when approved by our shareholders at the Annual Meeting.
The Board recommends that shareholders approve the amended and restated 2006
Bonus Plan. - 27 - We are required to periodically resubmit
the 2006 Bonus Plan for shareholder approval so that bonus opportunities awarded
under the 2006 Bonus Plan can qualify as qualified performance-based
compensation under Section 162(m) of the IRC. Therefore, we are seeking
shareholder approval with respect to the amended and restated 2006 Bonus Plan in
its entirety. If our shareholders do not approve the amended and restated 2006
Bonus Plan, bonus opportunities previously awarded under the 2006 Bonus Plan
will remain valid and the 2006 Bonus Plan will remain in effect. The Proposed Amended and Restated 2006
Bonus Plan The primary amendments to the 2006 Bonus
Plan reflected in the amended and restated 2006 Bonus Plan include: Expanding the performance criteria, and the
 equitable adjustments that may be made thereto, for awards under the 2006
 Bonus Plan. The amended and restated 2006
 Bonus Plan includes several additional performance criteria, and additional
 equitable adjustments that may be made to the performance criteria, upon which
 the Committee may base the performance goals it establishes for bonus
 opportunities awarded under the Plan. The Board believes that the 2006 Bonus
 Plan needs to include these additional performance criteria and equitable
 adjustments to address all of the financial measures that management now
 focuses on in its corporate operating plan. See “Description of Bonus Awards”
 for a complete list of the performance criteria and equitable adjustments
 available under the amended and restated 2006 Bonus Plan. Updating and clarifying certain other
 provisions of the 2006 Bonus Plan . The
 other proposed amendments to the 2006 Bonus Plan principally consist of (1)
 updates and clarifications to better ensure compliance with the requirements
 of Section 409A and Section 162(m) of the IRC, (2) clarifications to the
 performance criteria and adjustment categories set forth in the appendix of
 the 2006 Bonus Plan, and (3) additional revisions that we believe would
 improve the clarity of the 2006 Bonus Plan. We believe these amendments would
 facilitate a better understanding of the 2006 Bonus Plan’s terms by
 participants, shareholders, administrators and us. Section 162(m) Approval
Requirement Section 162(m) of the IRC generally
provides that we may not deduct more than $1,000,000 of compensation paid during
any fiscal year to our covered employees ( i.e. , our CEO and our three other
highest compensated executives (excluding the principal financial officer)
employed at the end of the fiscal year). However, this limit does not apply to
“qualified performance-based compensation” as defined by Section 162(m) of the
IRC. Annual incentive awards under the 2006 Bonus Plan will only constitute
qualified performance-based compensation under Section 162(m) of the IRC if
certain requirements are satisfied, including shareholder approval of the
material terms of the performance criteria of the 2006 Bonus Plan at least once
every five years. By approving the amended and restated 2006 Bonus Plan, our
shareholders will approve, among other things, the material terms of the
performance criteria (as described below in “Description of Bonus Awards”) used
to determine whether bonus awards are earned. Summary of the Amended and Restated
2006 Bonus Plan The 2006 Bonus Plan provides for cash
compensation to be paid annually when we meet or exceed minimum corporate
performance amounts under one or more performance criteria approved by the
Committee and other outside directors at the start of the fiscal year. The 2006
Bonus Plan is intended to meet the requirements for qualified performance-based
compensation under Section 162(m) of the IRC so that annual incentive award
opportunities awarded under the 2006 Bonus Plan qualify for a federal income tax
deduction. The purpose of the 2006 Bonus Plan is to
advance our interests by (1) attracting, retaining and motivating employees, (2)
aligning participants’ interests with those of our shareholders, and (3)
qualifying compensation paid to our executives as qualified performance-based
compensation under Section 162(m) of the IRC. The following summary describes the
material features of the amended and restated 2006 Bonus Plan and is qualified
in its entirety by reference to the complete text of the amended and restated
2006 Bonus Plan attached to this Proxy Statement as Appendix
B . - 28 - Administration The 2006 Bonus Plan is, and will be,
administered by the Committee. Each member of the Committee will be an
“independent director” for purposes of our Corporate Governance Guidelines, the
Committee’s charter and the NYSE listing requirements; a “non-employee director”
within the meaning of Rule 16b-3 under the Exchange Act; and an “outside
director” within the meaning of Section 162(m) of the IRC. The Committee is
currently comprised of five directors, each of whom meets all of these criteria.
The Committee has the authority to administer, interpret the terms of, determine
the eligibility of employees to participate in, and make all other
determinations and take all other actions in accordance with the terms of, the
2006 Bonus Plan. Any determination or decision by the Committee will be
conclusive and binding on all persons who at any time have or claim to have any
interest under the 2006 Bonus Plan. As plan administrator, the Committee is
responsible for designating eligible participants and selecting the performance
goals – including the applicable performance criteria, corporate performance
amounts and payout percentages – used to calculate the annual incentive award,
if any. Eligibility and
Participation In the Committee’s discretion, all of our
and our affiliates’ employees are eligible to participate in the 2006 Bonus
Plan. Approximately 715 of those employees participated in the 2006 Bonus Plan
in fiscal 2013. As of February 1, 2014, we and our affiliates had approximately
38,100 employees. Description of Bonus
Awards For each performance period, which is
generally a full fiscal year, the Committee may grant annual incentive award
opportunities under the 2006 Bonus Plan in such amounts and on such terms as it
determines in its sole discretion (subject to the limitations imposed by the
Plan), including the applicable performance criteria (and any equitable
adjustments made thereto), corporate performance amounts and payout
percentages. For each annual incentive award
opportunity awarded under the 2006 Bonus Plan, the Committee will establish
corporate performance amounts that will be applied to determine the amount of
compensation payable with respect to such award. The Committee will base the
corporate performance amounts on one or more of the following performance
criteria listed in the 2006 Bonus Plan: Earnings (loss) per common share from continuing
 operations; Earnings (loss) per common share; Operating profit (loss), operating income (loss),
 or income (loss) from operations (as the case may be); Income (Loss) from continuing operations before
 unusual or infrequent items; Income (Loss) from continuing
 operations; Income (Loss) from continuing operations before
 income taxes; Income (Loss) from continuing operations before
 extraordinary item and/or cumulative effect of a change in accounting
 principle (as the case may be); Income (Loss) before extraordinary item and/or
 cumulative effect of a change in accounting principle (as the case may
 be); Net income (loss); Income (Loss) before other comprehensive income
 (loss); Comprehensive income (loss); Income (Loss) before interest and income
 taxes; Income (Loss) before interest, income taxes,
 depreciation and amortization; Any other objective and specific income (loss)
 category or non-GAAP financial measure that appears as a line item in our
 filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission or the annual report to
 shareholders; - 29 - Any of the performance measures above (other than
 earnings (loss) per common share from continuing operations and earnings
 (loss) per common share) on a weighted average common shares outstanding
 basis; Either of earnings (loss) per common share from
 continuing operations and earnings (loss) per common share on a basic or
 diluted basis and any of the other performance measures above on a basic or
 diluted earnings per share basis; Common share price; Total shareholder return expressed on a dollar or
 percentage basis as is customarily disclosed in the proxy statement
 accompanying the notice of annual meetings of shareholders; Percentage increase in comparable store
 sales; Gross profit (loss) or gross margin (loss) (as the
 case may be); Economic value added; Return measures (including, but not limited to,
 return on assets, capital, invested capital, equity, sales, or
 revenue); Expense targets; Cash flow (including, but not limited to,
 operating cash flow, free cash flow, cash flow return on equity, and cash flow
 return on investment); Productivity ratios; Market share; Customer satisfaction; or Working capital targets and change in working
 capital. The Committee, in its sole discretion, in
setting the corporate performance amounts, may provide for equitable adjustments
to the performance criteria in recognition of unusual or non-recurring events,
transactions and accruals for the effect of one or more of the following
items: Asset impairments as described in Accounting
 Standard Codification (“ASC”) 360 – Property, Plant, & Equipment, as
 amended, revised or superseded; Costs associated with exit or disposal activities
 as described by ASC 420 – Exit or Disposal Cost Obligations, as amended,
 revised or superseded; Impairment charges (excluding the amortization
 thereof) related to goodwill or other intangible assets, as described by ASC
 350 – Intangibles – Goodwill and Other, as amended, revised or
 superseded; Integration costs related to all merger and
 acquisition activity of the Company and/or its affiliates, including, without
 limitation, any merger, acquisition, reverse merger, triangular merger, tender
 offer, consolidation, amalgamation, arrangement, security exchange, business
 combination or any other purchase or sale involving the Company and/or its
 affiliates (or foreign equivalent of any of the foregoing); Transaction costs related to all merger and
 acquisition activity of the Company and/or its affiliates, including, without
 limitation, any merger, acquisition, reverse merger, triangular merger, tender
 offer, consolidation, amalgamation, arrangement, security exchange, business
 combination or any other purchase or sale involving the Company and/or its
 affiliates (or foreign equivalent of any of the foregoing); Any profit or loss attributable to the business
 operations of a specified segment as described in ASC 280 – Segment Reporting,
 as amended, revised or superseded; - 30 - Any profit or loss attributable to a specified
 segment as described in ASC 280 – Segment Reporting, as amended, revised or
 superseded, acquired during the Performance Period or an entity or entities
 acquired during the Performance Period to which the performance goal
 relates; Any tax settlement(s) with a tax
 authority; The relevant tax effect(s) of tax laws or
 regulations, or amendments thereto, that become effective after the beginning
 of the performance period; Any extraordinary item, event or transaction as
 described in ASC 225-20 – Income Statement – Extraordinary and Unusual Items,
 as amended, revised or superseded; Any unusual in nature, or infrequent in occurrence
 items, events or transactions (that are not “extraordinary” items) as
 described in ASC 225-20 – Income Statement – Extraordinary and Unusual Items,
 as amended, revised or superseded; Any other non-recurring items, any events or
 transactions that do not constitute ongoing operations, or other non-GAAP
 financial measures (not otherwise listed); Any change in accounting principle as described in
 ASC 250-10 Accounting Changes and Error Corrections, as amended, revised or
 superseded; Unrealized gains or losses on investments in debt
 and equity securities as described in ASC 320 – Investments – Debt and Equity
 Securities, as amended, revised or superseded; Any gain or loss recognized as a result of
 derivative instrument transactions or other hedging activities as described in
 ASC 815 – Derivatives and Hedging, as amended, revised or
 superseded; Shares-based compensation charges as described in
 ASC 718 – Compensation – Stock Compensation and ASC 505-50 Equity-Based
 Payments to Non-Employees, as amended, revised or superseded; Any gain or loss as reported as a component of
 other comprehensive income as described in ASC 220 – Comprehensive Income, as
 amended, revised or superseded; Any expense (or reversal thereof) as a result of
 incurring an obligation for a direct or indirect guarantee, as described in
 ASC 460 – Guarantees, as amended, revised or superseded; Any gain or loss as the result of the
 consolidation of a variable interest entity as described in ASC 810 -
 Consolidation, as amended, revised or superseded; Any expense, gain or loss (including, but not
 limited to, judgments, interest on judgments, settlement amounts, attorneys’
 fees and costs, filing fees, experts’ fees, and damages sustained as a result
 of the imposition of injunctive relief) as a result of claims, litigation,
 judgments or lawsuit settlement (including collective actions or class action
 lawsuits); or Any charges associated with the early retirement
 of debt obligations. The Committee defines the payout
percentages at the same time it establishes the performance criteria (and any
equitable adjustments made thereto) and corporate performance amounts. The
minimum payout percentages for target and maximum annual incentive award
opportunities for our named executive officers who are party to an employment
agreement with us are set forth in their respective employment agreements, and
the payout percentage for the floor annual incentive award opportunity is set
annually by the Committee. For participants who are not party to an employment
agreement with us, the payout percentages approved by the Committee are set by
position level. Subject to the terms of the employment agreements, the Committee
has the right to adjust the payout percentages. The 2006 Bonus Plan provides for cash
compensation to be paid annually when the performance goals are achieved. No
right to a minimum annual incentive award exists under the 2006 Bonus Plan. For
each performance period, the Committee will establish an objective formula for
each participant based on the achievement of the performance goals, the outcomes
of which are substantially uncertain at the time they are established. The
Committee derives the corporate performance amounts from our corporate operating
plan, which is approved by the Board at the start of the fiscal year. - 31 - After the end of the performance period,
the Committee will determine the amount of the annual incentive award earned by
each participant under the predetermined objective formula for the performance
goals. Payment of the annual incentive award to the participant will be made,
subject to the participant’s right to defer the same, upon certification by the
Committee, in writing, that the performance goals were satisfied
( i.e. , at
least the corporate performance amount for a floor annual incentive award was
attained) and the annual incentive award has been calculated in accordance with
the predetermined objective formula. Maximum Bonus Awards The 2006 Bonus Plan provides that annual
incentive awards in any fiscal year may not exceed the maximum annual incentive
award amount that is established annually for each participant pursuant to a
predetermined objective formula, subject to the current maximum annual limit of
$4,000,000. Termination of
Employment Except to the extent otherwise determined
by the Committee, in the event a participant voluntarily terminates employment
with us prior to the day on which payments of annual incentive awards are
determined under the 2006 Bonus Plan for a performance period, the participant
forfeits all rights to receive an annual incentive award. At the discretion of
the Committee, prorated annual incentive awards may be made to participants
whose employment terminates by reason of retirement, disability or death during
a performance period; provided, however, that at least the corporate performance
amount for a floor annual incentive award must have been attained during the
required service period. Transferability A participant in the 2006 Bonus Plan may
not assign, pledge or encumber his or her interest under the 2006 Bonus Plan,
except that a participant may designate a beneficiary as provided in the 2006
Bonus Plan. Amendment, Suspension or
Termination The Committee may amend, in whole or in
part, any or all of the provisions of the 2006 Bonus Plan, except as to those
terms or provisions that are required by Section 162(m) of the IRC to be
approved by the shareholders, or suspend or terminate the 2006 Bonus Plan
entirely; provided, however, that no such amendment, suspension or termination
may, without the consent of the affected participants, reduce the right of
participants to any payment due under the 2006 Bonus Plan. Section 409A Section 409A of the IRC imposes certain
restrictions on amounts deferred under non-qualified deferred compensation
arrangements and a 20% additional tax on amounts that are subject to, but do not
comply with, Section 409A. We intend for the awards granted under the 2006 Bonus
Plan to comply with the requirements of Section 409A, and the Compensation
Committee will interpret, administer and operate the 2006 Bonus Plan
accordingly. New Plan Benefits The exact amount of the awards under the
2006 Bonus Plan, if any, that will be allocated to or received by the
participants is at the discretion of the Committee and dependent upon our future
performance, and therefore cannot be determined at this time. The annual bonuses
paid under the 2006 Bonus Plan to the named executive officers for fiscal 2011,
fiscal 2012 and fiscal 2013 are set forth in the “Non-Equity Incentive Plan
Compensation” column of the Summary Compensation Table in this Proxy
Statement. THE BOARD RECOMMENDS THAT YOU VOTE FOR THE PROPOSAL TO APPROVE THE AMENDED AND RESTATED 2006 BONUS
PLAN. - 32 - EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION Compensation Committee
Report The Compensation Committee reviewed and
discussed the following Compensation Discussion and Analysis (“CD&A”) with
management and, based on such review and discussion, the Compensation Committee
recommended to the Board that the CD&A be included in this Proxy Statement
and our Annual Report on Form 10-K for fiscal 2013 (“Form 10-K”). Members of the Compensation
Committee Russell Solt, Chair Jeffrey P.
Berger Peter J. Hayes James R. Tener Dennis B. Tishkoff Compensation Discussion and
Analysis Overview of Our Executive
Compensation Program Executive Summary This CD&A describes our executive
compensation program for fiscal 2013 and certain elements of our executive
compensation program for fiscal 2014 and explains how the Board and the
Compensation Committee of the Board (which we refer to as the “Committee” in
this CD&A) made its compensation decisions for our named executive officers,
who, for fiscal 2013, were: Mr. Campisi, our CEO and
 President; Mr. Johnson, our Executive Vice President, Chief
 Financial Officer; Ms. Bachmann, our Executive Vice President, Chief
 Operating Officer; Mr. Cooper, our Executive Vice President and
 President, Big Lots Canada, Inc.; Mr. Rodriguez, our Senior Vice President,
 Distribution and Transportation Services; Mr. Fishman, our former Chairman, CEO and
 President; Mr. Haubiel, our former Executive Vice President,
 Chief Administrative Officer, General Counsel and Corporate Secretary; and Mr. Martin, our former Executive Vice President,
 Chief Merchandising Officer. Mr. Fishman’s employment with us
terminated on May 3, 2013. Mr. Haubiel’s employment with us terminated on June
17, 2013. Mr. Martin’s employment with us terminated on January 3,
2014. Our executive compensation program is
designed to: attract and retain executives by paying them
 compensation that is competitive with the compensation paid by the companies in our comparator groups; motivate our executives to contribute to our
 long-term success; reward our executives for corporate and individual
 performance; and align the interests of our executives and
 shareholders through performance-linked compensation. Our financial performance in fiscal 2013
did not meet our expectations. As a result of such performance and the emphasis
that our executive compensation program places on performance-linked
compensation, the actual compensation realized by our named executive officers
in fiscal 2013 was significantly lower than the total potential compensation
awarded to our named executive officers for fiscal 2013. For example, we did not
achieve the operating profit required for our named executive officers to earn
annual incentive awards for fiscal 2013 under the 2006 Bonus Plan and, as a
result, our named executive officers did not receive annual incentive awards for
fiscal 2013. - 33 - 2013 Annual Meeting Results and
Shareholder Engagement At our 2013 annual meeting of
shareholders, we held an advisory vote of our shareholders regarding the fiscal
2012 compensation of our named executive officers as disclosed in our 2013 Proxy
Statement (the “2013 say-on-pay vote”). Of the shares voted on our 2013
say-on-pay vote, a majority voted not to approve the fiscal 2012 compensation.
This outcome was extremely disappointing to us, our Board and the Committee. In
response to this outcome, the Committee directed our senior management to extend
invitations to our largest shareholders to discuss our executive compensation
program. We contacted 24 shareholders who beneficially owned approximately 62%
of our outstanding common shares and two major proxy advisory firms. Six
shareholders elected to schedule calls with us in response to our invitation and
three other shareholders deferred to the proxy advisory firms, with that
combined group representing approximately 27% of our outstanding common
shares. In our discussions with our shareholders
we sought to: understand why they did not approve our fiscal
 2012 compensation; better understand their views regarding our
 executive compensation generally so that we can better align our compensation programs with shareholder interests; and discuss any other views or concerns of our
 shareholders. The shareholders who chose to participate
in calls provided both criticism of the compensation paid to our executives in
fiscal 2012, as well as support for changes that we made to our compensation
program in fiscal 2013. The criticism of our fiscal 2012 compensation program
principally related to the compensation of our former CEO, Mr. Fishman.
Shareholders stated that Mr. Fishman’s compensation package was too large and
that the performance metric tied to the vesting of Mr. Fishman’s fiscal 2012
restricted stock award was too easily achievable. At the same time, shareholders
voiced support for the Committee’s efforts to change the compensation mix
awarded to our executives in fiscal 2013, particularly the smaller compensation
package awarded to our new CEO, Mr. Campisi, compared to Mr. Fishman.
Shareholders also noted our elimination of the excise tax reimbursement payments
and the addition of a clawback provision in our executives’ employment
agreements. In addition, several shareholders were pleased that we separated our
CEO and Chairman of the Board positions and that we continued to work with
Exequity LLP (“Exequity”), an independent compensation consultant, to improve
our compensation programs. After considering the 2013 say-on-pay vote
and the feedback we received from shareholders and proxy advisory firms, the
Committee decided to make significant additional changes to our compensation
program for fiscal 2014, as discussed in the “Our Executive Compensation Program
for Fiscal 2014” section of this CD&A. In addition, the Committee retained
Exequity to present an overview of executive compensation trends that may be
important to our shareholders and to advise the Committee on all principal
aspects of executive compensation for fiscal 2014. Also at our 2013 annual meeting of
shareholders, Mr. Solt, the Committee’s Chairman, received less than a majority
of the shareholder votes for his reelection. As a result, Mr. Solt offered to
resign from the Board in accordance with our Corporate Governance Guidelines.
After carefully considering the recommendation of the Nominating / Corporate
Governance Committee and other relevant factors (including shareholder
feedback), the Board determined not to accept Mr. Solt’s resignation. The Board
considered Mr. Solt’s experience as the CFO of other publically traded
retailers, his background in investor relations, and his knowledge of
compensation best practices and comparator group policies, in determining that
Mr. Solt is ideally suited to continue leading our efforts to further improve
our executive compensation program. Mr. Solt did not participate in the Board or
the Nominating / Corporate Governance Committee’s evaluation or in its decision
to reject his offer to resign. As part of the shareholder engagement effort
described above, we also sought to understand the concerns that led a majority
of shareholders to withhold votes from Mr. Solt in May 2013. These concerns
appear not to have been directed at Mr. Solt personally, but were principally
related to previous compensation practices adopted before Mr. Solt was appointed
the Committee’s Chairman. Under Mr. Solt’s leadership as the Committee’s
Chairman, several key compensation practices were modified in May 2013,
including, reducing the overall CEO compensation package, aligning the equity
compensation awarded to our new CEO with shareholder return metrics, eliminating
certain excise tax reimbursement payments and adding a clawback provision to our
executive employment agreements. - 34 - Significant Executive Compensation
Practices and Policies and Recent Modifications The Committee reviews and evaluates the
Company’s executive compensation programs, practices and policies on a regular
basis. Significant executive compensation practices and policies of the Company
include: Performance-Linked Pay. In accordance with the Company’s pay-for-performance
 philosophy, performance-linked compensation
 comprised 31% to 63% of the compensation awarded to our named executive officers for fiscal 2013. Elimination of Excise Tax Gross-ups for
 Change-in-Control Payments . In fiscal 2013,
 we amended the employment agreements with our
 executives to eliminate any reimbursement for any “golden parachute” excise tax imposed under Section 4999 of the
 IRC. Clawbacks. In fiscal 2013, we amended the employment agreements with our
 executives to provide that any compensation
 paid to an executive pursuant to any agreement or arrangement between the
 executive and us will be subject to deduction
 and clawback to the extent required by any applicable law or listing requirement or any policy adopted by us with respect
 to any such law or listing requirement. Stock Ownership Requirements . We have stock ownership requirements for all outside
 directors and Leadership Team members. These
 requirements are designed to align the long-term interests of our outside directors and executives with those of our
 shareholders. Hedging Policy. We do not allow our directors or Leadership Team members to enter into
 any hedging or monetization transactions
 relating to our common shares. Independent Compensation
 Consultant . The Committee engaged and
 continues to engage Exequity to serve as its
 independent compensation consultant. CEO Compensation Mr. Fishman served as our CEO and
President until Mr. Campisi assumed those positions on May 3, 2013. In response
to the views expressed by our shareholders, in connection with our appointment
of a new CEO, the Committee sought to reduce the total compensation of our CEO
without undermining our compensation objectives. The table below compares Mr.
Campisi’s total compensation package in fiscal 2013 to Mr. Fishman’s total
compensation package in fiscal 2012. Mr. Campisi 2013 | Mr. Fishman 2012
Salary | $900,000 | $1,400,000
Bonus | Target payout percentage | 100% | 120%
Maximum payout percentage | 200% | 240%
Equity | Value – all equity awards | $4,122,363 | $10,524,000
Shares granted – all equity awards | 191,100 | 240,000
- shares underlying restricted stock award | 37,800 | 240,000
- shares underlying stock option award | 115,500 | 0
- shares underlying performance share units award | 37,800 | 0 - 35 - The bar graph below compares the total
compensation, as reported in the Summary Compensation Table, of Mr. Campisi in
fiscal 2013 and Mr. Fishman in each of fiscal 2012 and fiscal 2011. Compensation Awarded to
CEO Pay-for-Performance Aligning executive compensation with
corporate and individual performance is a key principle of our executive
compensation philosophy. We believe our executive compensation program
effectively implements this principle by tying the value of bonus opportunities
and equity awards under the program to our financial performance and/or the
price of our common shares. The metrics we currently use to evaluate
the performance of our named executive officers are our operating profit,
earnings per share and return on invested capital (“ROIC”). We believe that our
operating profit is an important financial measure as it reflects our efforts to
increase revenue and control our expenses. Additionally, the value of the
performance-linked incentive compensation that we award in the form of equity is
significantly impacted by the price of our common shares and our earnings per
share. The pay-for-performance chart that follows
presents for each of fiscal 2011, fiscal 2012 and fiscal 2013: (1) our total
shareholder return (“TSR”) indexed to our fiscal 2010 year end stock price of
$31.82; (2) our earnings per common share – diluted from continuing operations;
(3) our operating profit; (4) the total compensation of our CEO as reported in
our Summary Compensation Table (for Mr. Fishman in fiscal 2011 and 2012 and Mr.
Campisi in fiscal 2013); and (5) the total compensation realized by Mr. Fishman
in fiscal 2011 and 2012 and Mr. Campisi in fiscal 2013 (“CEO Realized
Compensation”) in each such fiscal year. The CEO Realized Compensation for each
fiscal year presented in the pay-for-performance chart is equal to the sum of:
(1) the base salary earned by our CEO during the fiscal year; (2) the bonus
earned by our CEO in the fiscal year under the award granted to him pursuant to
the 2006 Bonus Plan for such fiscal year (as reported in the “Non-Equity
Incentive Plan Compensation” column of our Summary Compensation Table for the
fiscal year); and (3) if the restricted stock award granted to our CEO pursuant
to the 2005 LTIP and 2012 LTIP for such fiscal year vested as a result of our
performance during the year, the aggregate market price of the common shares
underlying the restricted stock award on the vesting date (as reported in the
“Stock Awards–Value Realized on Vesting” column of the Option Exercises and
Stock Vested table for the subsequent fiscal year). The Committee believes total
realized compensation is a more useful measure for comparing pay and performance
than the information reported in the Summary Compensation Table because total
realized compensation increases or decreases depending on our actual results and
fluctuations in the price of our common shares. For example, while Mr. Fishman’s
fiscal 2012 Summary Compensation Table compensation was $12,319,766, Mr.
Fishman’s total realized compensation in fiscal 2012 was actually $1,453,846,
based on our financial performance and share price as his fiscal 2012 restricted
stock award did not vest and was forfeited. - 36 - Company Performance and CEO Total
Compensation in Fiscal 2011 - 2013 ____________________ (1) | “Indexed Total Shareholder Return” represents the value of a hypothetical $100 investment in our common shares at January 31, 2011 through the end of each fiscal year shown. The ring graphs that follow show the
fiscal 2013 performance-linked incentive compensation for Mr. Campisi and our
other named executive officers as a percentage of their respective total
compensation. Mr. Fishman announced his intention to retire in December 2012 and
did not receive an equity award in 2013 and, therefore, his compensation is not
included in the ring graphs below. As these ring graphs illustrate, 63% percent
of Mr. Campisi’s and 34% percent of our other named executive officer’s
compensation was dependent on our financial and/or stock performance. - 37 - 2013 COMPENSATION
AWARDED Our Executive Compensation Program for
Fiscal 2014 In establishing executive compensation for
fiscal 2014, the Committee engaged Exequity to provide research, comparative
compensation data and general executive compensation program guidance. Exequity
also advised the Committee on all principal aspects of executive compensation,
including the competitiveness of program design and award values. The Committee
charged Exequity with assisting it to meet the following primary
objectives: review and recommend changes to our executive
 compensation program; review the appropriateness of our retailer-only
 comparator group; and compare the amount and form of executive
 compensation paid to our executives against the compensation paid to similarly-situated executives at companies within
 the retailer-only comparator group. In response to the feedback received
throughout our fiscal 2013 shareholder outreach efforts, the Committee, with the
assistance of Exequity, analyzed our executive compensation program and adopted
the following significant changes which will be reflected in our fiscal 2014
executive compensation program: Implemented performance share units (“PSUs”) as
 60% of the long-term incentive program for our named executive officers and other Leadership Team members. PSUs are
 not earned unless 3-year performance targets
 established by the Committee are achieved. The targets the Committee
 established are based on our earnings per share
 and ROIC, each of which accounts for 50% of the PSUs. The number of common shares underlying the PSUs ultimately
 earned will range from 0% for below threshold
 performance to 150% for performance at or above the maximum performance level;
 and Implemented time-vested restricted stock units
 (“RSUs”) as 40% of the long-term incentive program for our named executive officers and other Leadership Team members. RSUs
 will vest ratably over three years from the
 grant date of the award. The RSUs also contain a performance component
 designed to preserve deductibility under
 Section 162(m) of the IRC. Because we determined to use ROIC as one
of the performance metrics and it is not among the performance metrics currently
available under the 2012 LTIP, we have included Proposal Two in this Proxy
Statement requesting that shareholders approve a modification to the 2012 LTIP
through the addition of this performance metric to the 2012 LTIP. - 38 - Also at its meeting in March 2014, the
Committee: (1) determined that a bonus was not payable for fiscal 2013 under the
2006 Bonus Plan; (2) reviewed the tally sheets and compensation history for all
Leadership Team members; (3) reviewed internal pay equity information; (4)
discussed the executive compensation review prepared by Exequity and approved
the retailer-only comparator group for fiscal 2014; (5) reviewed the performance
based incentive compensation as a percentage of the total executive compensation
awarded for fiscal 2013 for each named executive officer; and (6) formulated its
recommendations to the other outside directors for fiscal 2014 executive
compensation (including the terms, performance measures and quantum of the bonus
and equity awards). The Committee also reviewed drafts of this
CD&A and the other compensation disclosures required by the SEC. The
Committee recommended, and the outside directors approved, the following fiscal
2014 salaries, payout percentages for the target annual incentive award level
(with threshold being one-half of the target payout percentage and maximum being
double the target payout percentage) and equity awards for our named executive
officers: Fiscal 2014 | Common | Common
Target Annual | Shares Underlying | Shares Underlying
Fiscal 2014 | Incentive Award | Fiscal 2014 | Fiscal 2014
Salary | Payout Percentage | RSU Award | PSU Award
Name | ($) | (%) | (#) | (#)
Mr. Campisi | 950,000 | 110 | 69,616 | 104,424
Mr. Johnson | 510,000 | 60 | 15,338 | 23,006
Ms. Bachmann | 650,000 | 60 | 20,396 | 30,593
Mr. Cooper | 580,000 | 60 | 0 | 0
Mr. Rodriguez | 350,000 | 50 | 5,424 | 8,137 Philosophy and Objectives of our
Executive Compensation Program We believe it is important to provide
competitive compensation to attract and retain talented executives to lead our
business. We also believe an executive compensation program should encourage
high levels of corporate and individual performance by motivating executives to
continually improve our business in order to promote sustained profitability and
enhanced shareholder value. The Committee implements this executive compensation
philosophy by structuring our executive compensation program to achieve the
following key objectives: Attract and retain talented executives by
 paying compensation that is competitive with the compensation paid by the companies in our comparator
 groups. We believe most
 executives who consider changing their employer expect to receive amounts
 and elements of compensation that are
 comparable to those offered by most companies in our comparator groups and/or their current employer. We believe the amounts
 and elements of compensation that we offer make
 us competitive within our comparator groups, and that offering competitive
 packages has enabled us in recent years to
 attract and retain talented executives. Motivate executives to contribute to our
 success and reward them for their performance. We use the bonus and equity elements of our executive
 compensation program to motivate our executives
 to improve our business and thereby promote sustainable profitability and
 enhanced shareholder value. These compensation
 elements provide executives with meaningful incentives to meet or exceed the corporate financial goals set by our Board
 each year. Align the interests of executives and
 shareholders through performance-linked compensation. We pay annual incentive awards only if we meet or exceed
 corporate performance goals. Stock options only
 have value if the market price of our common shares appreciates during the
 period in which the stock options may be
 exercised. The time-vested restricted stock awards vest after five years
 unless we achieve a corporate performance goal
 accelerating the vesting of the awards and its value is determined by the market price of our common shares.
 Performance shares awarded to Mr. Campisi in 2013 vest only if the market price of our common shares appreciates for
 20 consecutive trading days to predetermined
 amounts above the grant date fair market value of our common shares. For
 fiscal 2014, we awarded RSUs and PSUs. The RSUs
 are designed to vest ratably over three years from the grant - 39 - date of the award and also contain a
performance component intended to preserve deductibility under Section 162(m) of
the IRC. The PSUs vest only if we meet performance targets over a 3-year period.
For fiscal 2014, the targets the Committee established are based on earnings per
share and ROIC, each of which account for 50% of the PSUs. Accordingly, the
realization and value of each of these elements of compensation is dependent
upon our performance and/or the appreciation in the market value of our common
shares. Focus on Corporate
Governance Although the compensation committees of
some companies make all compensation decisions with respect to their executives,
we believe it is consistent with best practices in corporate governance to reach
a consensus among all outside directors when establishing executive
compensation. Accordingly, while the Committee takes the lead in formulating
executive compensation, we also seek the approval of other outside directors
before finalizing annual executive compensation to provide an additional check
on the appropriateness of the amounts awarded. Elements of In-Service Executive
Compensation The primary compensation elements we
provide to our named executive officers are salary, bonus opportunities under
the 2006 Bonus Plan and equity awards under the 2012 LTIP. In addition, our
named executive officers are entitled to certain limited personal benefits and
perquisites. We believe each of these individual elements and the total mix of
elements are necessary to provide a competitive executive compensation program,
are consistent with our compensation philosophy and advance our compensation
objectives. The Committee reviews each element at
least annually. The Committee and the other outside directors also have
discretion, subject to the limitations contained in our bonus and equity plans
and the executives’ employment agreements, in setting named executive officers’
salary, bonus opportunities and equity awards. Salary The Committee annually reviews and establishes the salary for each
 named executive officer. We believe salary
 serves as a short-term retention tool. A minimum salary for Mr. Campisi, Ms.
 Bachmann and Mr. Cooper is set forth in his or
 her respective employment agreement, as described below in the “Elements of In-Service Executive Compensation –
 Employment Agreements” section of this
 CD&A. Salary adjustments are subjectively determined and are not formally
 tied to specific performance criteria. Annual Incentive
 Awards Each named executive
 officer has the opportunity to earn an annual incentive award under the
 2006 Bonus Plan. Annual incentive award
 compensation is designed to retain executives on a year-to-year basis. Annual incentive award payouts correspond to a
 percentage of each named executive officer’s salary (“payout percentage”) and are based on whether we achieve
 certain corporate performance goals under one
 or more financial measures established by the Committee at a time when
 achievement of that goal is substantially
 uncertain. The corporate performance goals and financial measures are set annually at the discretion of the Committee and
 the other outside directors in connection with the Board’s approval of our annual corporate operating plan, subject to the
 terms of the 2006 Bonus Plan and our named
 executive officers’ employment agreements. The lowest level at which we will pay an annual incentive
 award under the 2006 Bonus Plan is referred to
 as the “threshold.” The level at which we generally plan our performance and
 the associated payout under the 2006 Bonus Plan
 is referred to as the “target.” The maximum level at which we will pay an annual incentive award under the 2006 Bonus
 Plan is referred to as the “maximum.” If our performance in a fiscal year exceeds the minimum corporate performance
 goal that earns a threshold bonus, there is a
 corresponding increase in the amount of the annual incentive award (up to a
 maximum bonus level). Conversely, if we do not
 meet the minimum corporate performance goal, executives do not receive an annual incentive award. We believe that the
 2006 Bonus Plan supports our pay-for- performance philosophy and directly links our named executive officers’
 interests to those of our shareholders. Annual
 incentive awards paid to our named executive officers under the 2006
 Bonus - 40 - Plan are
considered “Non-Equity Incentive Plan Compensation” in the Summary Compensation
Table. See the “Bonus and Equity Plans” disclosure that follows the Summary
Compensation Table for more information regarding the 2006 Bonus
Plan. Equity / Long-Term
 Incentives All equity awards
 granted to our named executive officers since May 23, 2012 have been issued
 under the 2012 LTIP. Equity awards are designed
 to retain executives for the duration of each equity award. Although the 2012 LTIP allow us to issue various types of
 equity awards, we have only granted stock options, time-vested restricted stock and performance share units under
 the 2012 LTIP as of the end of fiscal 2013.
 Stock options vest based on the passage of time or, if earlier, upon the
 executive’s death or disability (provided the
 event occurs at least six months after the grant date). For fiscal 2013,
 the time-vested restricted stock awards are
 full value awards that vest in five years provided that we attain a performance component, which is designed to preserve
 deductibility under Section 162(m) of the IRC.
 The time-vested restricted stock awards may vest earlier than the five year
 term if we achieve a higher performance
 measure, which is typically based on a projected multi-year corporate
 operating plan, the passage of time or the
 executive’s death or disability. The performance share units awarded to Mr. Campisi in fiscal 2013 vest in one-third
 increments if the market price of our common shares appreciates, for a period of 20 consecutive trading days, to prices
 that are 110%, 120% and 130% of the grant date
 market value of $37.13 (i.e., appreciate to $40.84, $44.56 and $48.27) before
 the earlier to occur of the termination of his
 employment or the seventh anniversary of the grant date. See the “Bonus and Equity Plans” discussion following the Summary
 Compensation Table for more information regarding the 2005 LTIP and 2012 LTIP and the terms under which we have
 granted equity awards. See the “Our Executive
 Compensation Program for Fiscal 2014” section of this CD&A for a summary
 of significant changes made to our long-term
 incentive program in fiscal 2014. Personal Benefits and
 Perquisites We generally
 provide the following limited personal benefits and perquisites to employees
 at or above the vice president level: (1)
 coverage under the Big Lots Executive Benefit Plan (“Executive Benefit Plan”); (2) enhanced long-term disability insurance
 coverage; and (3) use of an automobile or payment of an automobile allowance. We believe these personal benefits and
 perquisites, although immaterial to us in
 amount, are an important element of total compensation because of the value
 our executives place on these
 benefits. We offer all full-time
 employees medical and dental benefits under the Big Lots Associate Benefit
 Plan (“Benefit Plan”). We also offer employees
 at or above the vice president level, including our named executive officers, the opportunity to participate in the
 Executive Benefit Plan, which reimburses executives for health-related costs incurred but not covered under the
 Benefit Plan, up to an annual maximum
 reimbursement of $40,000 per family. Amounts received by named executive
 officers under the Executive Benefit Plan are
 treated as taxable income, and we reimburse each executive the approximate amount of his or her income tax liability
 relating to the benefits received under the Executive Benefit Plan. We
 offer short-term disability coverage to all full-time employees and long-term
 disability coverage to all salaried employees.
 The benefits provided under the long-term disability plan are greater
 for our named executive officers than for
 employees below the vice president level. Under the long-term disability coverage, a named executive officer may receive
 67% of his or her monthly salary, up to $25,000
 per month, until the executive is no longer disabled or turns age 65,
 whichever occurs earlier. We pay the premiums
 for this long-term disability coverage and the amount necessary to hold
 our named executive officer harmless from the
 income taxes resulting from such premium payments. All employees at or above the vice president level have the
 option to use an automobile or accept a monthly
 automobile allowance. The value of the automobile and the amount of the
 automobile allowance are determined based on
 the employee’s level. In fiscal
 2013, the Committee authorized Mr. Campisi to use the corporate aircraft for
 up to three round trip non-business flights,
 including any deadhead flights associated with his non-business use of corporate aircraft, to assist with his relocation
 to near our corporate office in Columbus, Ohio. In - 41 - fiscal 2013,
the Committee authorized Mr. Fishman to use corporate aircraft for up to 30
hours of non-business flights, including any deadhead flights associated with
his non-business use of corporate aircraft. We reported imputed income for
income tax purposes for the value of the non-business use of corporate aircraft
by Mr. Campisi and Mr. Fishman based on the Standard Industry Fare Level in
accordance with the IRC. We did not reimburse or otherwise “gross-up” Mr.
Campisi or Mr. Fishman for any income tax obligation attributed to their
non-business use of corporate aircraft. Employment Agreements Except for Mr. Johnson and Mr. Rodriguez,
each named executive officer is party to an employment agreement with us. The
terms of the employment agreements are substantially similar and are described
collectively herein except where their terms materially differ. We entered into
the employment agreements because they provide us with several protections
(including non-competition, confidentiality, non-solicitation and continuing
cooperation provisions) in exchange for minimum salary levels and target and
maximum bonus payout percentages, potential severance and change in control
payments and other benefits. We negotiated the terms of each employment
agreement with the executive. In those negotiations, we considered many factors,
including: our need for the services of the
 executive; the executive’s level of responsibility and the
 potential impact that the executive could have on our operations and financial
 condition; the skills and past and anticipated future
 performance of the executive; the compensation being paid to similarly-situated
 executives at comparator group companies; the relationship between the compensation being
 offered to the executive and that being paid to the other Leadership Team
 members; our perception of our bargaining power and the
 executive’s bargaining power; and to the extent applicable, the elements and amounts
 of compensation being offered or paid to the executive by another
 employer. Under the terms of their employment
agreements, our named executive officers are (or were in the case of former
executives Mr. Fishman, Mr. Haubiel and Mr. Martin) each entitled to receive at
least the following salaries, which amounts are not subject to automatic
increases: Mr. Campisi: $900,000; Ms. Bachmann: $625,000; Mr. Cooper: $580,000;
Mr. Fishman: $1,400,000; Mr. Haubiel: $550,000; and Mr. Martin: $600,000. The
terms of each employment agreement also establish the minimum payout percentages
that may be set annually for his or her target and maximum annual incentive
award levels. The minimum payout percentages set by the employment agreements
for target and maximum annual incentive awards, respectively, are (or were in
the case of Mr. Fishman, Mr. Haubiel and Mr. Martin) as follows (expressed as a
percentage of the executive’s salary): Mr. Campisi: 100% and 200%; Ms. Bachmann:
60% and 120%; Mr. Cooper: 60% and 120%; Mr. Fishman: 100% and 200%; Mr. Haubiel:
60% and 120%; and Mr. Martin: 60% and 120%. Mr. Campisi’s employment agreement
provides that his annual incentive award for fiscal 2013, if any, would be
pro-rated based on the relative portion of the fiscal year during which he is
employed with us. The employment agreements do not require
us to reimburse the executives for the amount of any golden parachute excise tax
imposed under Section 4999 of the IRC. Each employment agreement provides that
if the payments to be received by the executive in connection with a change in
control constitute “excess parachute payments,” the executive’s payments and
benefits will be reduced to the extent necessary to become one dollar less than
the amount that would generate an excise tax liability unless the executive
would be in a better net after-tax position without any such reduction, in which
case payments and benefits will not be reduced. In fiscal 2013, we amended employment
agreements with our named executive officers to include a clawback provision
which provides that any compensation paid to the executive pursuant to any
agreement or arrangement between the executive and us will be subject to
deduction and clawback to the extent required by any applicable law or listing
requirement or any policy adopted by us with respect to any such law or listing
requirement. - 42 - The term of each employment agreement will
remain effective as long as we employ the executive unless we and the executive
mutually agree to amend or terminate his or her employment agreement, except
that Mr. Campisi’s employment agreement provides for an initial two-year term,
with automatic renewal for additional one-year terms upon the expiration of the
initial term and any renewal term, unless either party gives notice of
non-renewal to the other party. In connection with Mr. Campisi’s permanent
relocation to the Columbus, Ohio area, his employment agreement required us to
provide him with relocation benefits in accordance with our policies for senior
employees, which generally include reimbursement of expenses related to visits
to the Columbus area to identify a permanent residence, temporary housing in
advance of moving into a permanent residence in the Columbus area, household
moving and storage costs, assistance in marketing his current residence, a
guaranteed buyout of his current residence if a buyer is not identified within
60 days of the initial listing, and a bonus on the sale of his current residence
of up to 5% of the sales price of the current residence. If, within one year of
the effective date of his employment agreement, Mr. Campisi voluntarily
terminates his employment (other than as a result of a constructive termination)
or is terminated for cause, he is required to reimburse us for all relocation
benefits we paid to him. Each employment agreement also imposes
several restrictive covenants on the executive that survive the termination of
his or her employment, including confidentiality (infinite), non-solicitation
(two years), non-disparagement (infinite), non-competition (two years for Mr.
Campisi and one year for the other executives, but reduced to six months for
each executive following a change in control), and continuing cooperation
(infinite). The consequences of termination of employment under the employment
agreements depend on the circumstances of the termination and are discussed
below. Senior Executive Severance Agreements
and Severance Arrangements We are a party to a senior executive
severance agreement with Mr. Johnson, Mr. Rodriguez and several of our other key
officers who are not parties to an employment agreement. Messrs. Campisi,
Cooper, Fishman, Haubiel and Martin and Ms. Bachmann are not (or were not in the
case of Mr. Fishman, Mr. Haubiel and Mr. Martin) a party to such a senior
executive severance agreement as post-termination and change in control
provisions are contained in each of their respective employment agreements (as
discussed in the following section). The senior executive severance agreements
expire on the anniversary of the date of execution and are automatically renewed
for an additional year unless we provide the executive at least 30 days notice
of non-renewal. The senior executive severance agreements provide for the
following severance benefits if, within 24 months after a change in control (as
defined in the agreements), the executive is terminated by us, other than for
cause or as a result of a constructive termination (as such terms are defined in
the agreements): (i) a lump-sum payment equal to 200% of the executive’s then
current annual salary and maximum annual incentive award; and (ii) for a period
of one year, the executive is entitled to participate in any group life,
hospitalization or disability insurance plan, health program or other executive
benefit plan generally available to similarly titled executive officers. The
executive will become entitled to reimbursement of legal fees and expenses
incurred by the executive in seeking to enforce their rights under the
agreement. Additionally, to the extent that payments to the executive pursuant
to the senior executive severance agreement (together with any other amounts
received by the executive in connection with a change in control) would trigger
the provisions of Sections 280G and 4999 of the IRC, payments under the
agreement will be increased to the extent necessary to place the executive in
the same after-tax position as the executive would have been if no excise tax or
assessment had been imposed on any such payment to the executive under the
agreement or any other payment that the executive may receive as a result of
such change in control. The compensation payable on account of a change in
control may be subject to the deductibility limitations of Sections 162(m)
and/or 280G of the IRC. Retirement and Consulting
Agreement On May 3, 2013, Mr. Fishman resigned as
CEO and President, and on May 30, 2013, Mr. Fishman retired as Chairman of the
Board. The Board determined that it is in our best interests for Mr. Fishman to
continue to provide services to us in a consulting capacity following his
retirement and to ensure that he cannot perform services for a competitor.
Accordingly, on May 3, 2013, we entered into a Retirement and Consulting
Agreement (“RCA”) with Mr. Fishman to provide for Mr. Fishman’s continued
services and a smooth transition of leadership to Mr. Campisi. The term of the
RCA began upon Mr. Fishman’s resignation as our CEO and President, and continues
for a three-year period. The RCA requires Mr. Fishman to provide such services
as are reasonably requested by - 43 - the Board or Mr. Campisi, including
assistance in the transition of leadership and matters relating to business
strategy. The RCA imposes several restrictive covenants on Mr. Fishman,
including continuing cooperation (six years), non-solicitation of employees and
third parties with whom we have a business relationship (three years),
confidentiality (infinite), non-disparagement (infinite) and non-competition
(three years but reduced to six months following a change in control). In
exchange for providing the consulting services and complying with the
restrictive covenants set forth in the RCA, we will reimburse Mr. Fishman for
the reasonable expenses he incurs in the performance of the consulting services,
pay him a monthly consulting fee of $77,777, permit him to continue to use the
automobile we furnished to him prior to his retirement and provide him with
welfare benefits equivalent to the welfare benefits we provided to him
immediately prior to his retirement. Mr. Fishman is also eligible to receive a
special retainer equal to the amount, if any, that he would have otherwise been
entitled to receive under our fiscal 2013 bonus program, without proration,
pursuant to the same performance terms and conditions that were set by the
Committee during its most recent annual review of executive compensation in
March 2013. Based on our performance in fiscal 2013, Mr. Fishman did not receive
any special retainer with respect to fiscal 2013. The consulting services
constitute the continued provision of services for purposes of the nonqualified
stock option award granted to Mr. Fishman on March 6, 2009 (which was
exercisable into 307,510 common shares as of the effective date of his
resignation), but the termination of, or his refusal to provide, the consulting
services will constitute a termination of employment for purposes of that award.
Upon Mr. Fishman’s death or disability or our termination of the RCA without
cause, Mr. Fishman (or his estate) will continue to receive the monthly
consulting fee for the remainder of the consulting period. If we terminate the
RCA for cause or Mr. Fishman voluntarily terminates the RCA, our obligation to
pay the monthly consulting fee will immediately terminate. Post-Termination and Change in Control
Arrangements The employment agreements described above
provide for potential severance and change in control payments and other
consideration. Our equity compensation plans also provide for the accelerated
vesting of outstanding stock options, time-vested restricted stock, performance
share units and restricted stock units in connection with a change in
control. The severance provisions of the employment
agreements and the senior executive severance agreements are intended to address
competitive concerns by providing the executives with compensation to alleviate
the uncertainty associated with foregoing other opportunities and, if
applicable, leaving another employer. The change in control provisions of the
employment agreements and severance agreements provide that the executive will
receive certain cash payments and other benefits upon a change in control only
if the executive is terminated in connection with the change in control. This
“double trigger” structure is intended to enable us to rely upon each named
executive officer’s continued employment and objective advice without concern
that the named executive officer might be distracted by the personal
uncertainties and risks created by an actual or proposed change in control.
These potential payments and benefits provide our named executive officers with
important protections that we believe are necessary to attract and retain
executive talent. While the Committee considers the
potential payments upon termination or change in control annually when it
establishes compensation for the applicable year, this information is not a
primary consideration in setting salary, bonus payout percentages or equity
compensation amounts. We believe that the objectives of attracting and retaining
qualified executives and providing incentives for executives to continue their
employment with us would not be adequately served if potential payments to a
named executive officer upon termination or change in control were a
determinative factor in awarding current compensation. See the “Potential Payments Upon
Termination or Change in Control” narrative disclosure and tables following this
CD&A for a discussion of compensation that may be paid to our named
executive officers in connection with a change in control or the termination of
their employment with us. Retirement Plans We maintain four retirement plans: (1) a
tax-qualified defined contribution plan (“Savings Plan”); (2) a non-qualified
supplemental defined contribution plan (“Supplemental Savings Plan”); (3) a
tax-qualified, funded noncontributory defined benefit pension plan (“Pension
Plan”); and (4) a non-qualified, unfunded supplemental defined benefit pension
plan (“Supplemental Pension Plan”). We believe that the Savings Plan and
Supplemental Savings Plan are generally commensurate with the retirement plans
provided by companies in our comparator groups and that providing these plans
allows us to better attract and retain qualified executives. See the narrative
disclosure accompanying the Nonqualified Deferred Compensation tables following
this CD&A for a discussion - 44 - of the Savings Plan and Supplemental
Savings Plan. Participation in the Pension Plan and Supplemental Pension Plan,
which we do not believe are material elements of our executive compensation
program, is limited to certain employees whose hire date precedes April 1, 1994.
Our named executive officers have not been in the past and are not now eligible
to participate in the Pension Plan or Supplemental Pension Plan. Our Executive Compensation Program
for Fiscal 2013 The Committee takes the lead in
establishing executive compensation annually, but seeks approval of compensation
decisions from the other outside directors. The Committee believes having all
outside directors approve executive compensation is consistent with best
practices in corporate governance. The Committee also requests performance
evaluations and recommendations from our CEO regarding the compensation of the
other Leadership Team members because of his direct knowledge of their
respective performance and contributions. Additionally, as discussed in more
detail below in the “Role of Management” and “Independent Compensation
Consultant” sections of this CD&A, the Committee consults with management
and may engage independent compensation consultants to take advantage of their
expertise. The process of evaluating our executives
begins at our Board meeting in the second quarter of the fiscal year before the
fiscal year in which compensation adjustments will be made (e.g., in May 2012
for adjustments made in fiscal 2013) and continues quarterly through updates
that our CEO delivers to the outside directors to keep them apprised of the
performance of each other Executive Officer. At our Committee and Board meetings
in the first quarter of the fiscal year for which compensation is being set
(e.g., in February 2013 for fiscal 2013 compensation), our CEO provides the
Committee and the other outside directors with a thorough performance evaluation
of each other Executive Officer and presents his recommendations for their
compensation. The Committee also conducts executive sessions to evaluate our
CEO’s performance, with the most detailed evaluation including all outside
directors during our first quarter Board meeting. See the “Performance
Evaluation” section of this CD&A for a discussion of the factors considered
by our CEO, the Committee and the other outside directors when evaluating
performance. At its February 2013 meeting, the
Committee: reviewed and discussed the continued
 appropriateness of our executive compensation program, including its
 underlying philosophy, objectives and policies; reviewed and discussed Mr. Fishman’s performance,
 contributions and value to our business; reviewed and discussed Mr. Fishman’s performance
 evaluations and compensation recommendations for the other Leadership Team
 members; reviewed and discussed the comparative
 compensation data that it received through surveys conducted by independent
 compensation consultants and analyzed by management; analyzed the total compensation earned by each
 Executive Officer during the immediately preceding two fiscal
 years; analyzed the potential payments to each Executive
 Officer upon termination of employment and change in control
 events; considered the parameters on executive
 compensation awards established by the terms of the shareholder-approved plans
 under which bonus and equity compensation may be awarded and the employment
 agreements between us and certain Leadership Team members; prepared its recommendation on the compensation of
 each Leadership Team member for fiscal 2013; determined that a bonus was not payable under the
 2006 Bonus Plan as a result of corporate performance in fiscal
 2012; determined that Mr. Fishman’s fiscal 2012
 restricted stock award would not vest because the required corporate
 performance level was not achieved; and determined, for the other named executive officers
 that the second triggers for their fiscal 2011 and fiscal 2012 time-vested
 restricted stock awards were not achieved and the first trigger for their
 fiscal 2012 time-vested restricted stock awards was achieved as a result of
 corporate performance in fiscal 2012. - 45 - The Committee then shared its
recommendations on the compensation to be awarded to each Leadership Team member
in fiscal 2013, including the underlying data and analysis, with the other
outside directors for their consideration and approval. The Committee’s
recommendations were, with respect to the Leadership Team member other than Mr.
Fishman, consistent with Mr. Fishman’s recommendations. At the March 2013 Board
meeting, the outside directors discussed with the Committee the form, amount of,
and rationale for the recommended compensation and, consistent with the
Committee’s recommendations, finalized the compensation awards for the
Leadership Team members. Except where we discuss the specifics of a
named executive officer’s fiscal 2013 compensation, the evaluation and
establishment of our named executive officers’ fiscal 2013 compensation was
substantially similar. Based on their review of each element of executive
compensation separately and in the aggregate, the Committee and the other
outside directors determined that our named executive officers’ compensation for
fiscal 2013 was reasonable and not excessive and was consistent with our
executive compensation philosophy and objectives. Salary for Fiscal 2013 On May 3, 2013, Mr. Campisi was appointed
as our Chief Executive Officer and President at a base salary of $900,000 for
fiscal 2013. Mr. Campisi’s salary and other compensation terms were established
through negotiation, during which we considered the various factors discussed
above in the “Employment Agreements” section of this CD&A. In reviewing the
salaries of the other named executive officers, the Committee considered, among
other matters, each executive’s past performance, experience, scope and
responsibilities, base salary in comparison to our other employees and
anticipated future contributions. For fiscal 2013, the Committee approved the
following salaries for the named executive officers, which (except for Mr.
Campisi) became effective March 25, 2013: Name | Fiscal 2013 Salary
Mr. Campisi | $ | 900,000
Mr. Johnson | $ | 440,000
Ms. Bachmann | $ | 625,000
Mr. Cooper | $ | 580,000
Mr. Rodriguez | $ | 340,000
Mr. Haubiel | $ | 550,000
Mr. Martin | $ | 600,000 On December 4, 2012, Mr. Fishman announced
his intention to retire upon the appointment of a successor. Accordingly, the
Committee and other outside directors did not increase Mr. Fishman’s salary of
$1,400,000 for fiscal 2013. On June 17, 2013, Mr. Johnson assumed responsibility
for our real estate department, and his salary was increased to
$470,000. Annual Incentive Award for Fiscal
2013 During their annual review of executive
compensation in March 2013, the Committee and other outside directors approved
the financial measure, corporate performance goals and payout percentages
(threshold, target and maximum) for the fiscal 2013 annual incentive
awards. The Committee and the other outside
directors selected operating profit as the financial measure for the fiscal 2013
annual incentive awards because they believe it is a strong indicator of our
operating results and financial condition. The Committee and other outside
directors selected the corporate performance goals based on the annual corporate
operating plan established by the Board. The corporate performance goals were
set slightly below (for the threshold annual incentive award), at (for the
target annual incentive award), and above (for the maximum annual incentive
award) the projected operating profit in our annual corporate operating plan.
The Committee and other outside directors believe the selected goals provided
challenging, but reasonable, levels of performance that were appropriate in
light of our projected corporate operating plan for fiscal 2013, and our
objective to promote sustained profitability while providing objectives that
motivate our executives. Because the Committee and the other outside directors
consider the specific circumstances that we expect to face in the coming fiscal
year - 46 - (e.g., year-over-year comparable
performance, general economic factors and performance of the retail sector), the
relationship between each of the corporate performance goals and between the
corporate performance goals and our annual corporate operating plan may vary
significantly from year to year. The payout percentages for our named
executive officers for fiscal 2013 were made at the discretion of the Committee
and other outside directors, subject to the minimum payout percentages
established in the named executive officers’ employment agreements for those
named executive officers with an employment agreement. The Committee and other
outside directors elected to maintain the annual incentive award payout
percentages for our named executive officers for fiscal 2013 at the same levels
as in fiscal 2012. This decision was primarily driven by the belief that those
annual incentive award payout percentages were appropriate for fiscal 2013 to
accomplish our executive compensation objectives. In order to calculate annual incentive
awards under the 2006 Bonus Plan, we first calculate the financial measure for
purposes of our financial statements. We then adjust the measure for purposes of
the annual incentive award calculation to remove the effect of events,
transactions or accrual items set forth in the 2006 Bonus Plan and approved by
the Committee early in each fiscal year when the corporate performance amount
and annual incentive award payout percentages are established. These adjustments
may have the net effect of increasing or decreasing the resulting corporate
performance amount. Additionally, the Committee may exercise negative discretion
to cancel or decrease the annual incentive awards earned (but not increase an
annual incentive award for a covered employee, as that term is used within
Section 162(m) of the IRC). Accordingly, the resulting corporate performance
amount may differ from the financial measure (i.e., operating profit) amount
reflected in the financial statements included with our Form 10-K. After calculating the financial measure
and making the adjustments described in the preceding paragraph, the Committee
exercised negative discretion to reduce the resulting fiscal 2013 corporate
performance amount (to the amount reflected in the table below) to exclude
certain accrual items that, under the 2006 Bonus Plan and the Committee’s
approval in March 2013, would have otherwise increased the corporate performance
amount. The Committee opted to make the downward adjustment by excluding the
accrual items principally because they were anticipated as part of the annual
corporate operating plan upon which the financial measure and corporate
performance amounts were established for fiscal 2013, and the Committee did not
believe that the accrual items should have the effect of increasing the
corporate performance amount for fiscal 2013 annual incentive awards. The
Committee’s decision to exercise negative discretion was not based on corporate
or individual performance factors. The following table reflects the payout
percentage for each annual incentive award level and the corporate performance
amount required to achieve the corresponding annual incentive award level, with
the results for fiscal 2013, calculated as described above (including the
Committee’s discretionary reduction discussed in the preceding paragraph),
noted: Annual Incentive | Payout Percentage
Award Level | (% of salary) | Corporate Performance
and | Mr. | Mr. | Ms. | Mr. | Mr. | Mr. | Mr. | Mr. | Amount
2013 Results | Campisi | Johnson | Bachmann | Cooper | Rodriguez | Fishman | Haubiel | Martin | ($)
No Bonus | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0-$299,107,999
Threshold | 50 | 25 | 30 | 30 | 25 | 60 | 30 | 30 | $299,108,000
Target | 100 | 50 | 60 | 60 | 50 | 120 | 60 | 60 | $314,828,000
Maximum | 200 | 100 | 120 | 120 | 100 | 240 | 120 | 120 | $357,098,000
2013 Results | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | $216,030,568 Our named executive officers did not earn
an annual incentive award for fiscal 2013 under our 2006 Bonus Plan, because our
fiscal 2013 performance was lower than the corporate performance amount
established for the threshold annual incentive award level. The primary
objectives in setting the corporate performance amounts for fiscal 2013 were to
reward 2006 Bonus Plan participants while encouraging strong corporate earnings
growth. As a result of not making fiscal 2013 annual incentive award payments,
total cash compensation paid to our named executive officers for fiscal 2013 was
generally at or below the median for our comparator groups. We believe lower
than market average total cash compensation is appropriate in light of our
fiscal 2013 performance and furthers our objectives to motivate our executives,
reward superior performance and align pay and performance. - 47 - Equity for Fiscal 2013 All equity awards granted to our named
executive officers in fiscal 2013 were made under the 2012 LTIP and are
reflected in the Grants of Plan-Based Awards in Fiscal 2012 table. In February
2013, while the Committee was establishing executive compensation for fiscal
2013, our search for a new CEO was ongoing. In light of our continuing
recruiting efforts, the Committee determined it was most appropriate to maintain
the structure of our long-term incentive program from fiscal 2012 to fiscal 2013
in order to allow the new CEO to provide input into the program, thereby
avoiding the possibility of modifying the program in consecutive years.
Therefore, the equity compensation awarded to our named executive officers for
fiscal 2013 consisted of time-vested restricted stock, non-qualified stock
options and, with the respect to Mr. Campisi, performance share units. Mr.
Fishman did not receive an equity award for fiscal 2013. The Committee believes
that granting a significant amount of equity to our named executive officers
further aligns their interests with the interests of our shareholders and
provides us with an important retention and motivation tool. The Committee does
not utilize a particular formula to determine the size of the equity awards
granted to our named executive officers. The Committee instead uses its
discretion to grant equity awards and may consider the various factors discussed
below in connection with its determination. The Committee undertook the
following process to determine the size of the equity awards granted to our
named executive officers for fiscal 2013: The Committee reviewed an estimate prepared by
 management of the number of common shares to be granted through equity awards
 during fiscal 2013 to all recipients other than Mr. Fishman. This estimate was
 based on historical grant information, anticipated future events, and Mr.
 Fishman’s evaluation of the other Leadership Team members’ individual
 performance and his recommendations. In executive session, the Committee evaluated and
 approved Mr. Fishman’s recommendations for equity awards for the other
 Leadership Team members. In each case, the Committee made these determinations
 based on historical grant information and the Committee’s subjective views of
 comparative compensation data, retention factors, corporate performance
 (particularly operating profit, income from continuing operations, selling and
 administrative expenses and earnings per share against planned and prior
 performance), individual performance, the executive’s level of responsibility,
 the potential impact that the executive could have on our operations and
 financial condition and the market price of our common shares. See the
 introduction to the “Our Executive Compensation Program for Fiscal 2013”
 section and the “Performance Evaluation” section of this CD&A for a
 discussion regarding how our CEO and the Committee evaluate
 performance. This process was used to ensure that
executive equity compensation is commensurate with corporate and individual
performance and remains consistent with our policy that incentive compensation
should increase as a percentage of total compensation as the executive’s level
of responsibility and the potential impact that the particular executive could
have on our operations and financial condition increases. Specifically, the
items of corporate and individual performance were the most significant factors
in determining the size of the equity awards made to our named executive
officers in fiscal 2013. The time-vested restricted stock awarded
to our named executive officers in fiscal 2013 vests in five years from the
grant date provided the recipient is continuously employed and we attain the
first trigger. The vesting of the award may be accelerated if we attain the
first trigger and the first of the following occurs (1) we attain the second
trigger or (2) the grantee dies or becomes disabled (which results in the
vesting of a prorated portion of the award). The financial measure applied to
the time-vested restricted stock awards granted to our named executive officers
in fiscal 2013 was our earnings per diluted common share, as it appears in our
Form 10-K for the applicable fiscal year. After the financial measure is
calculated for purposes of our financial statements, it is adjusted, for
purposes of the time-vested restricted stock award calculations, to remove the
effect of any gain or loss as a result of litigation or lawsuit settlement that
is specifically disclosed, reported or otherwise appears in our periodic filings
with the SEC or our annual report to shareholders. This financial measure was
selected because the Committee and the other outside directors believe it
provides a good indication of our profitability, ongoing operating results and
financial condition. The first trigger and the second trigger
for the fiscal 2013 time-vested restricted stock awards are $1.50 and $3.98
respectively, under the applicable financial measure. We structured the
restricted stock awards vesting to be dependent upon achieving the first trigger
to ensure their deductibility under Section 162(m) of the IRC for federal tax
purposes. While the first trigger for fiscal 2013 time-vested restricted stock
awards was met, the second trigger - 48 - was not met in fiscal 2013. Accordingly,
such time-vested restricted stock awards will vest upon the earliest of: (1) the
first trading day after we file with the SEC our Form 10-K for the year in which
the second trigger is met; (2) the opening of our first trading window that is
five years after the grant date of the time-vested restricted stock award; or
(3) the death or disability of the named executive officer, in which case 20% of
the award will vest for each consecutive year of employment completed from the
grant date to the date of death or disability. The time-vested restricted stock
will be forfeited if the named executive officer’s employment with us terminates
prior to vesting (except as described above in the case of death or
disability). The Committee and the other outside
directors believe that the design of the restricted stock awards was preferable
to granting purely time-vested restricted stock awards which would not qualify
for the exemption for deductibility under Section 162(m) of the IRC. The stock options awarded to our named
executive officers in fiscal 2013 have an exercise price equal to the fair
market value of our common shares on the grant date, vest incrementally in equal
portions over four years and expire seven years after the grant date.
Additionally, if a named executive officer dies or becomes disabled before the
last scheduled vesting date, the then-remaining unvested portion of the stock
option award will vest on the day such event occurred, provided such event
occurred at least six months following the grant date. The performance share units awarded to Mr.
Campisi in fiscal 2013 may be earned in one-third increments if the market price
of our common shares appreciates, for a period of 20 consecutive trading days,
to at least 110%, 120% and 130% of the grant date fair market value of $37.13
(i.e., appreciate to $40.84, $44.56, and $48.27) before Mr. Campisi’s employment
terminates or seven years lapse. On April 1, 2013, after consulting with
the other outside directors, the Committee granted additional restricted stock
awards (“Retention Awards”) to Mr. Johnson, Ms. Bachmann, Mr. Cooper and Mr.
Haubiel. The purpose of the Retention Awards was to incentivize these named
executive officers to remain with us during the CEO transition. The number of
our common shares underlying each Retention Award is 9,500 for Mr. Johnson,
21,500 for Ms. Bachmann, 13,500 for Mr. Cooper and 19,000 for Mr.
Haubiel. Each Retention Award will vest and be
transferred to the executive without restriction on the earlier of: (1) the
first trading day that is 18 months following the grant date; or (2) the first
trading day following the executive’s termination of employment if such
termination of employment is the result of the executive’s (A) dismissal by us
without cause (as defined in the Retention Award Agreement) or (B) death or
disability (provided, however, if the executive dies or suffers a disability,
only 1/18 th of the Retention Award will vest for each consecutive
month that the executive completed with us between the grant date and his or her
termination). If termination of employment is the result of any reason other
than the executive’s dismissal by us without cause, death or disability
(including by reason of the executive’s retirement, resignation or dismissal by
us for cause), then the Retention Award Agreement will expire and all of the
executive’s rights in the Retention Award will be forfeited. Upon a change in
control (as defined in the 2012 LTIP), any outstanding Retention Awards will
vest. Mr. Haubiel’s Retention Award vested as a result of the termination of his
employment in June 2013. Performance Evaluation Our CEO, the Committee and the outside
directors do not rely solely on predetermined formulas when they evaluate
corporate performance or individual performance. Performance is generally
evaluated against the following objective and subjective factors, although the
factors considered may vary for each executive and as dictated by business
conditions: long-term strategic goals; short-term business goals; profit and revenue goals; expense goals; operating margin improvement; same store sales growth versus the
 industry; earnings-per-share growth; - 49 - continued optimization of organizational
 effectiveness and productivity; leadership and the development of talent;
 and fostering teamwork and other corporate
 values. Our CEO, the Committee and the outside
directors may consider different factors and may value the same factors
differently. In selecting individual and corporate performance factors for each
Executive Officer and measuring an executive’s performance against those
factors, our CEO, the Committee and the other outside directors also consider
the performance of our competitors and general economic and market conditions.
None of the factors are assigned a specific weight. Instead, our CEO, the
Committee and the other outside directors recognize that the relative importance
of these factors may change as a result of specific business challenges and
changing economic and marketplace conditions. Although the Committee and the
other outside directors consider our CEO’s recommendations, the Committee and
the other outside directors may elect to not follow, and are not bound by, our
CEO’s recommendations on executive compensation. The following items of corporate and
individual performance were most significant in making base salary and
adjustments to equity awards to our named executive officers and former
executives for fiscal 2013. Mr. Johnson: (1) | Fiscal 2012 SG&A expenses were $1.8 billion – approximately $90.2 million below our fiscal 2012 corporate operating plan;
(2) | Development and implementation of our annual corporate operating plan;
(3) | Executive leadership support for effective cash deployment and investor relations; and
(4) | Management’s interface with the Audit Committee. Ms. Bachmann: (1) | Assumption of additional responsibility associated with overseeing our store operation group;
(2) | Successful implementation of enhancements and upgrades to current information technology infrastructure supporting our business needs; and
(3) | Continued the multi-year implementation of the SAP for Retail information technology system that will replace our core merchandising and financial systems. Mr. Cooper: (1) | Continued leadership responsibilities associated with overseeing our Canadian operations. Mr. Rodriguez: (1) | Successfully reduced transportation and distribution center costs leading to a positive impact in our SG&A expenses. Mr. Fishman: (1) | Fiscal 2012 net sales were $5.4 billion – approximately 3.8% above our fiscal 2011 results; and
(2) | Fiscal 2012 SG&A expenses were $1.8 billion – approximately $90.2 million below our fiscal 2012 corporate operating plan. Mr. Haubiel: (1) | Executive leadership support for the effective and efficient management of legal affairs and the development of risk-weighted solutions to complex business and legal issues; and
(2) | Management’s interface with the Nominating / Corporate Governance Committee and the Compensation Committee. Mr. Martin: (1) | Fiscal 2012 net sales were $5.4 billion – approximately 3.8% above our fiscal 2011 results. - 50 - See the “Comparative Compensation Data”
section of this CD&A for more information regarding the impact that the
competitive market has on our executive compensation program. Role of Management As discussed in this CD&A, our CEO
plays a significant role in determining executive compensation of the Leadership
Team members. Additionally, our CEO and the Committee consult with management
from our human resources, finance and legal departments regarding the design and
administration of our compensation programs, plans and awards for executives and
directors. These members of management provide the Committee and CEO with advice
regarding the competitive nature of existing and proposed compensation programs
and the impact of accounting rules, laws and regulations on existing and
proposed compensation programs. Management from our human resources, finance and
legal departments may also act pursuant to delegated authority to fulfill
various functions in administering our employee benefit and compensation plans.
Such delegation is permitted by the Committee’s charter and our compensation
plans. Those groups to whom the Committee has delegated certain responsibilities
are each required to periodically report their activities to the
Committee. Our CEO and some of these members of
management attend meetings of the Committee, and the CEO participates in the
Committee’s discussions regarding the compensation of the other Leadership Team
members. However, these individuals do not participate in executive sessions of
the Committee or when executive compensation determinations are made by the
Committee and the other outside directors. Independent Compensation
Consultant Pursuant to the authority granted to the
Committee by its charter, the Committee may retain independent compensation
consultants as it deems necessary. In establishing executive compensation for
fiscal 2013, the Committee retained independent compensation consultant Exequity
to provide retailer-only comparator group compensation and financial information
from the public filings of those companies. The Committee also reviewed (as
discussed below) non-customized compensation surveys provided by multiple
independent compensation consultants at the request of our human resources
department. Comparative Compensation
Data The Committee uses data regarding the
compensation paid to executives at other companies in its annual review of the
compensation paid to the Leadership Team members. For fiscal 2013, the Committee
evaluated a group of retailers that we believe is similarly situated to us and
with whom we compete for talent. When considering the composition of the
retailer-only comparator group, the Committee selected retail companies that
developed a comparator group with median financial measures were similar to our
own. Among the factors considered in selecting companies for inclusion in the
comparator group were revenue (generally one-half to two times our revenue),
gross profit margin (cost of goods sold divided by revenues; generally within
ten percentage points of our gross profit margin), geographic location
(preference given to companies in the Columbus, Ohio area with whom we compete
for talent), inventory turns (cost of goods sold divided by average inventory
turns; within approximately 50 points of our score), gross margin return on
investment (gross margin dollars divided by average inventory with no set range,
but used as an additional reference point), market capitalization, net income,
earnings per share, price-to-earnings ratio and shareholder return. Exequity
provided the Committee with comparative executive compensation data it obtained
from the proxy statements and other reports made public by the companies in the
retailer-only comparator group. The companies included in the retailer-only
comparator group for fiscal 2013 were: Abercrombie & Fitch | Dollar Tree | Limited Brands
Ascena Retail Group | DSW | RadioShack
Bed Bath & Beyond | Family Dollar | Ross Stores
Dick’s Sporting Goods | Foot Locker | Tractor Supply
Dollar General | Kohl’s | Williams – Sonoma Additionally, the Committee reviewed
executive compensation data from a broader base of companies that was aggregated
in one or more of the non-customized compensation surveys obtained from Mercer,
TowersWatson and Hay. This broader comparator group consisted of the Standard
& Poor’s Retail Stores Index companies and - 51 - other companies, including non-retailers,
with whom we believe we also compete for talent and whose revenues or operations
are similar to ours. We believe it was prudent to consult both sets of
information, because the compensation surveys for the broader group include
compensation information on more executives, including executives who are not
included in publicly-available documents. The broader comparator group also
provides a more extensive basis on which to compare the compensation of the
Leadership Team members, particularly Leadership Team members whose
responsibilities, experience and other factors are not directly comparable to
those executives included in the publicly-available reports of the retailer-only
group. These comparator groups vary from year to year based on the Committee’s
assessment of which companies it believes compete with us for talent and are
similar to us in terms of operations or revenues and the continued availability
of compensation information from companies previously included in either
comparator group. The Committee and our human resources
department reviewed each Leadership Team member’s responsibilities and compared,
where possible, the compensation of each executive to the compensation awarded
to similarly-situated executives at comparator group companies. The Committee
compared the total direct compensation levels for our Leadership Team members to
the total direct compensation of similarly situated executives within the
comparator groups. For purposes of this evaluation, no specific weight was given
to one comparator group over the other and total direct compensation was
comprised of salary, annual incentive award at the targeted level and equity
awards. While we evaluate total target direct
compensation awarded to Leadership Team members against the total target direct
compensation paid by the comparator groups, this evaluation merely provides a
point of reference and market check and is not a determinative factor for
setting our executives’ compensation. As discussed in this CD&A,
compensation is subjectively determined based on numerous factors. We do not
benchmark or target our compensation at any particular level in relation to the
compensation of the comparator groups. We believe this approach to the use of
compensation data enables us to retain the flexibility necessary to make
adjustments for performance and experience, to attract, retain and motivate top
talent, and to reward executives who we believe excel or take on greater
responsibility than executives at peer comparator companies. Tally Sheets and Wealth
Accumulation The Committee reviewed tally sheets that
set forth the total and each element of compensation awarded to each Executive
Officer for the immediately preceding two fiscal years, as well as estimated
post-employment and change in control compensation that may be payable to such
executives. The tally sheets consolidate all elements of actual and projected
compensation of our executives to enable the Committee to analyze the individual
elements of compensation, the mix of compensation and the total amount of actual
and projected compensation. With this information, the Committee determined that
the compensation awarded to our executives is reasonable and consistent with our
executive compensation philosophy and objectives. The tally sheets also included an estimate
of the amount of total value accumulated, and total value that will be
accumulated, by each Executive Officer through prior equity awards (assuming
employment continues, awards vest and the market price of our common shares
fluctuates through the life of the awards). While the Committee considered the
accumulated total value as a factor in setting fiscal 2013 compensation, this
information was not a primary consideration. The Committee believes that the
objectives of our executive compensation program would not be adequately served
if the accumulated total value of an Executive Officer’s equity awards was a
determinative factor in awarding future compensation. Internal Pay Equity In the process of reviewing each element
of executive compensation separately and in the aggregate, the Committee
considered information comparing the relative compensation of our CEO to the
other Leadership Team members. This information was considered to ensure that
our executive compensation program is internally equitable, which we believe
promotes executive retention and motivation. The comparison included all
elements of compensation. The relative difference between the compensation of
our new CEO Mr. Campisi and the compensation of our other named executive
officers significantly decreased in fiscal 2013, as the compensation package
awarded to Mr. Campisi in fiscal 2013 was materially smaller than the
compensation package awarded to Mr. Fishman in fiscal 2012. The Committee
believes that the disparity between Mr. Campisi’s compensation and the
compensation for the other Leadership Team members is appropriate in light of
their experience, responsibilities, duties and contributions. - 52 - Minimum Share Ownership Requirements
and Hedging Prohibition The Board has adopted minimum share
ownership requirements for all outside directors and Leadership Team members.
These requirements are designed to align the long-term interests of our outside
directors and executives with those of our shareholders. Under the requirements,
the outside directors and Leadership Team members must, at a minimum, own common
shares having an aggregate value equal to the following multiple of his or her
Board retainer or salary (as is in effect at the time compliance with the
requirements is evaluated), as applicable: Title | Multiple of Retainer or Salary
Director | 4 | x
Chief Executive Officer | 4 | x
Executive Vice President | 2 | x
Senior Vice President | 1 | x Shares counted toward these requirements
include common shares held directly or through a broker, common shares held
under the Savings Plan or Supplemental Savings Plan, unvested restricted stock,
and vested but unexercised in-the-money stock options. Each outside director
that served on the Board when these requirements were adopted in March 2008 was
required to meet the requirements on the date of the 2013 annual meeting of
shareholders and thereafter at each subsequent annual meeting. Each Executive
Officer that was an Executive Officer when these requirements were adopted was
required to meet the requirements on the date that adjustments to annual
executive compensation were made in 2013 and thereafter on each subsequent
annual adjustment date. Directors elected and executives hired or promoted after
the adoption of the requirements must meet the requirements on the first testing
date for directors or executives following the fifth anniversary of their
election, hire or promotion, as applicable. As of March 21, 2014, each outside
director and executive who has been on the Board or a Leadership Team member for
at least five years complied with our minimum share ownership requirements. In
addition to the minimum share ownership requirements, we do not allow our
directors or Leadership Team members to enter into any hedging or monetization
transactions involving our common shares. Equity Grant Timing Pursuant to the terms of the 2005 LTIP and
2012 LTIP, the grant date of equity awards must be the later of the date the
terms of the award are established by corporate action or the date specified in
the award agreement. Consistent with prior years, in fiscal 2013, the outside
directors, after consultation with the Committee, specified that the grant date
of the equity awards made in connection with the annual performance reviews of
the Leadership Team members was the second trading day following our release of
fiscal 2012 results. This future date was established to allow the market to
absorb and react to our release of material non-public information, and to avoid
any suggestion that the Board, the Committee or any employee manipulated the
terms of the equity awards. For equity awards made throughout the fiscal year,
which generally are made as a result of a hiring or promotion, the grant date is
the date of the related event (i.e., the first day of employment or effective
date of promotion). We have no policy of timing the grant date of these mid-year
equity awards with the release of material non-public information, and we have
not timed the release of material non-public information for the purpose of
affecting the value of any equity awards. Tax and Accounting
Considerations The Committee reviews and considers the
impact that tax laws and accounting regulations may have on the executive
compensation awards, including the deductibility of executive compensation under
Section 162(m) of the IRC. In doing so, the Committee relies on guidance from
members of our finance and legal departments, as well as outside accountants and
attorneys. Section 162(m) of the IRC generally limits
the tax deductions for compensation expense in excess of $1 million paid to our
CEO and our three other highest compensated executives (excluding the principal
financial officer). Compensation in excess of $1 million may be deducted if it
is “qualified performance-based compensation” within the meaning of Section
162(m) of the IRC. Except as discussed below, we believe that compensation paid
under our equity and bonus compensation plans is fully deductible for federal
income tax purposes. However, in certain situations, the Committee may approve
compensation that will not meet these requirements in order to ensure - 53 - competitive levels of total compensation
for our executives or to otherwise further our executive compensation philosophy
and objectives. When considering whether to award compensation that will not be
deductible, the Committee compares the cost of the lost deduction against the
competitive market for executive talent and our need to attract, retain and
motivate the executive, as applicable. For fiscal 2013, the Committee believes it
has taken the necessary actions to preserve the deductibility of all payments
made under our executive compensation program. For example, the restricted stock
awards granted in fiscal 2013 continued our practice of requiring a first
performance trigger to be satisfied before the award could subsequently vest
upon the earlier of the attainment of a second performance trigger or a date
five years after the date of grant to preserve their deductibility. If the IRC
or the related regulations change, the Committee intends to take reasonable
steps to ensure the continued availability of deductions for payments under our
executive compensation program, while at the same time considering our executive
compensation philosophy and objectives and the competitive market for executive
talent. Summary Compensation Table for
2013 The following table sets forth the
compensation earned by or paid to our current and former named executive
officers for each of the last three fiscal years. Change in
Pension Value
and Nonqualified
Non-Equity | Deferred
Stock | Option | Incentive Plan | Compensation | All Other
Name and | Salary | Bonus | Awards | Awards | Compensation | Earnings | Compensation | Total
Principal Position (1) | Year | ($) (2) | ($) | ($) (3) | ($) (4) | ($) (5) | ($) | ($) (6)(7) | ($) (8)
(a) | (b) | (c) | (d) | (e) | (f) | (g) | (h) | (i) | (j)
David J. Campisi, | 2013 | 678,461 | — | 2,714,418 | 1,407,945 | — | — | 562,405 | 5,363,229
Chief Executive Officer
and President (9)(10)
Timothy A. Johnson, | 2013 | 452,885 | — | 1,401,725 | 485,600 | — | — | 54,229 | 2,394,439
Executive Vice | 2012 | 359,827 | — | 1,120,050 | 558,150 | — | — | 33,627 | 2,071,654
President, Chief
Financial Officer (9)
Lisa M. Bachmann, | 2013 | 620,385 | — | 1,818,725 | 485,600 | — | — | 39,354 | 2,964,064
Executive Vice President, | 2012 | 593,942 | — | 1,315,500 | 571,200 | — | — | 38,361 | 2,519,003
Chief Operating Officer | 2011 | 529,615 | — | 1,233,600 | 582,000 | — | — | 33,887 | 2,379,102
Joe R. Cooper, | 2013 | 577,693 | — | 1,540,725 | 485,600 | — | — | 30,870 | 2,634,888
Executive Vice | 2012 | 581,538 | — | 1,315,500 | 571,200 | — | — | 31,418 | 2,499,656
President, President, | 2011 | 529,615 | — | 1,233,600 | 582,000 | — | — | 32,884 | 2,378,099
Big Lots Canada
Carlos V. Rodriguez, | 2013 | 337,692 | — | 357,200 | 242,800 | — | — | 108,286 | 1,045,978
Senior Vice President,
Distribution and
Transportation
Services (9)
Steven S. Fishman, | 2013 | 350,000 | — | — | — | — | — | 795,075 | 1,145,075
Former Chairman, | 2012 | 1,453,846 | — | 10,524,000 | — | — | — | 341,920 | 12,319,766
Chief Executive Officer | 2011 | 1,400,000 | — | 10,280,000 | — | — | — | 244,662 | 11,924,662
and President (11)
Charles W. Haubiel II, | 2013 | 195,385 | — | 1,731,850 | 485,600 | — | — | 619,721 | 3,032,556
Former Executive | 2012 | 494,308 | — | 1,315,500 | 571,200 | — | — | 28,306 | 2,409,314
Vice President, Chief | 2011 | 436,154 | — | 1,233,600 | 582,000 | — | — | 26,156 | 2,277,910
Administrative Officer and
Corporate Secretary (12)
John C. Martin, | 2013 | 552,308 | — | 1,071,600 | 485,600 | — | — | 669,919 | 2,779,427
Former Executive | 2012 | 610,096 | — | 1,315,500 | 571,200 | — | — | 51,926 | 2,548,722
Vice President, | 2011 | 571,154 | — | 1,028,000 | 509,250 | — | — | 64,273 | 2,172,677
Chief Merchandising
Officer (13) - 54 - ____________________ (1) | We are a party to an employment agreement with Mr. Campisi, Ms. Bachman and Mr. Cooper and were a party to an employment agreement with Mr. Fishman, Mr. Haubiel and Mr. Martin, the material terms of which are described in the “Overview of our Executive Compensation Program - Employment Agreements” section of the CD&A. We are a party to a senior executive severance agreement with Mr. Johnson and Mr. Rodriguez, the material terms of which are described in the “Overview of Executive Compensation Program – Senior Executive Severance Agreements” section of the CD&A We are a party to a retirement and consulting agreement with Mr. Fishman, the material terms of which are described in the “Overview of Executive Compensation Program – Retirement and Consulting Agreement” section of the CD&A.
(2) | The amounts in this column reflect the salary earned by each named executive officer during fiscal 2013.
(3) | The amounts in this column reflect the aggregate grant date fair value of the restricted stock awards, and in the case of Mr. Campisi, a performance share units award, granted under the 2005 LTIP and 2012 LTIP to the executives in the fiscal years reported as computed in accordance with ASC 718, excluding the effect of any estimated forfeiture. The aggregate grant date fair value reflected in this column is based on the number of shares of restricted stock and performance share units granted and the fair value of the restricted stock and performance share units on the grant date (i.e., for restricted stock granted in on March 8, 2013, $35.72 per common share – the average of the opening price and the closing price of our common shares on the NYSE on the grant date, as determined in accordance with ASC 718 and the terms of the 2012 LTIP).
(4) | The amounts in this column reflect the aggregate grant date fair value of the stock option awards granted under the 2005 LTIP and 2012 LTIP to the executives in the fiscal years reported as computed in accordance with ASC 718, excluding the effect of any estimated forfeiture. See Note 7 (Share-Based Plans) to the consolidated financial statements and the Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates – Share-Based Compensation section of Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations (“MD&A”) in our Form 10-K regarding the assumptions underlying the valuation of stock option awards.
(5) | The amounts in this column reflect annual incentive awards earned under the 2006 Bonus Plan for performance during each of the last three fiscal years.
(6) | For fiscal 2013, the amounts in this column include the following compensation for the executives, as more fully described in the table included with this footnote:
i. | The reimbursement of taxes related to our payment of healthcare costs, including costs covered by the Executive Benefit Plan, long-term disability insurance premiums, and relocation expenses;
ii. | Big Lots matching contributions made pursuant to the Savings Plan and the Supplemental Savings Plan, both of which are described in the narrative disclosure accompanying the Nonqualified Deferred Compensation table below;
iii. | Big Lots paid healthcare costs covered by the Executive Benefit Plan, which is described in the “Overview of our Executive Compensation Program – Elements of In-Service Compensation – Personal Benefits/Perquisites” section of the CD&A;
iv. | Big Lots paid premiums for life insurance, which is generally available to all full-time employees;
v. | Big Lots paid premiums for long-term disability insurance, which is described in the “Overview of our Executive Compensation Program – Elements of In-Service Compensation – Personal Benefits/Perquisites” section of the CD&A;
vi. | The cost to Big Lots associated with the use of an automobile or the receipt of a cash allowance in lieu of an automobile;
vii. | The aggregate incremental cost to Big Lots associated with non-business use of corporate aircraft by Mr. Campisi, Mr. Fishman and Mr. Haubiel. For Mr. Campisi, $55,811 included in this column relates to Board approved use of the corporate aircraft for relocation purposes;
viii. | Relocation expenses; - 55 - ix. | Severance payments made to Mr. Haubiel and Mr. Martin, which included a lump sum payment equal to their respective salary at the time of their termination, continued health care coverage for 12 months and the continued use of their automobiles for 12 months;
x. | Big Lots Matching charitable contributions; and
xi. | The amounts earned by Mr. Campisi include payments of healthcare premiums prior to his becoming eligible to participate in our Executive Benefit Plan. The amounts earned by Mr. Fishman pursuant to the RCA described in the “Overview of Executive Compensation Program – Retirement and Consulting Agreement” section of the CD&A. The aggregate incremental cost of
non-business use of corporate aircraft is calculated based on the direct costs
we incur in connection with operating a flight, including expenses for fuel,
oil, landing, ground services, onboard catering, crew hotel and meals, empty
return (deadhead) flights and other miscellaneous variable costs. The aggregate
incremental cost also includes per flight hour maintenance costs calculated
based upon the total maintenance costs incurred by us during the prior two years
and dividing those costs by the number of hours flown during that same period.
Due to the fact that the corporate aircraft are used primarily for business
travel, fixed costs which do not change based on usage, such as pilot salaries,
hangar fees, management fees, purchase costs, depreciation and capitalized
improvements to the aircraft, are excluded. We did not reimburse or otherwise
“gross-up” Mr. Campisi, Mr. Fishman or Mr. Haubiel for any income tax obligation
attributed to his non-business use of corporate aircraft. The benefit of
non-business use of corporate aircraft, which was approved by the Compensation
Committee for fiscal 2013 as part of Mr. Campisi’s and Mr. Fishman’s overall
compensation packages, is described in the “Overview of our Executive
Compensation Program – Elements of In-Service Compensation – Personal
Benefits/Perquisites” section of the CD&A. Name | Mr. Campisi | Mr. Johnson | Ms. Bachmann | Mr. Cooper | Mr. Rodriguez | Mr. Fishman | Mr. Haubiel | Mr. Martin
Reimbursement | 225,714 | 4,418 | 3,301 | 152 | 9,122 | 4,079 | 1,040 | 4,348
of Taxes ($)
Big Lots Contributions to | — | 10,200 | 10,200 | 10,200 | 5,492 | — | — | 10,200
Defined Contribution
Plans ($)
Big Lots Paid Health | 1,487 | 7,926 | 5,656 | 5,393 | 7,855 | 7,289 | 1,529 | 7,749
Care under Executive
Benefits Plans ($)
Big Lots Paid Life | 851 | 774 | 1,056 | 984 | 578 | 284 | 377 | 934
Insurance
Premiums ($)
Big Lots Paid Long-Term | 627 | 904 | 941 | 941 | 706 | 314 | 549 | 941
Disability Insurance
Premiums ($)
Use of Automobile or | 11,880 | 15,007 | 13,200 | 13,200 | 13,200 | 8,724 | 13,200 | 13,200
Automobile
Allowance ($)
Non-Business Aircraft | 77,114 | — | — | — | — | 147,034 | 22,962 | —
Usage ($)
Relocation Expenses ($) | 228,381 | — | — | — | 71,058 | 1,974 | — | —
Severance and Change-in- | — | — | — | — | — | — | 580,064 | 632,547
Control Payments ($)
Matching Charitable | 10,000 | 15,000 | 5,000 | — | 275 | — | — | —
Contributions ($)
Other Compensation | 6,351 | — | — | — | — | 625,377 | — | —
or Benefits Not
Included ($) - 56 - (7) | We purchase tickets to entertainment and sporting venues for the primary purpose of allowing employees to use such tickets in furtherance of our business. Because we incur no incremental cost if a named executive officer uses such tickets for purposes other than our business, such tickets are not included in the amounts included in this column.
(8) | As a percentage of their total compensation in fiscal 2013, fiscal 2012 and fiscal 2011, the salary and non-equity incentive plan compensation (i.e., annual incentive awards earned under the 2006 Bonus Plan) for each executive was as follows: Fiscal 2013 | Fiscal 2012 | Fiscal 2011
Non-Equity | Non-Equity | Non-Equity
Incentive Plan | Incentive Plan | Incentive Plan
Salary | Compensation | Salary | Compensation | Salary | Compensation
Name | (%) | (%) | (%) | (%) | (%) | (%)
Mr. Campisi | 12.7 | — | — | — | — | —
Mr. Johnson | 18.9 | — | 17.4 | — | — | —
Ms. Bachmann | 20.9 | — | 23.6 | — | 22.3 | —
Mr. Cooper | 21.9 | — | 23.3 | — | 22.3 | —
Mr. Rodriguez | 32.3 | — | — | — | — | —
Mr. Fishman | 30.6 | — | 11.8 | — | 11.7 | —
Mr. Haubiel | 6.9 | — | 20.5 | — | 19.1 | —
Mr. Martin | 19.9 | 23.9 | — | 26.3 | — (9) | Mr. Campisi and Mr. Rodriguez were not named executive officers in fiscal 2012 or fiscal 2011. and Mr. Johnson was not a named executive officer in fiscal 2011.
(10) | Mr. Campisi assumed the position of CEO and President on May 3, 2013.
(11) | Mr. Fishman served as our CEO and President until May 3, 2013 and as Chairman until May 30, 2013.
(12) | Mr. Haubiel served as our Executive Vice President, Chief Administration Officer, Legal and Real Estate, General Counsel and Corporate Secretary until June 17, 2013.
(13) | Mr. Martin served as our Executive Vice President, Chief Merchandising Officer until November 25, 2013. Bonus and Equity
Plans The amounts reported in the Summary
Compensation Table above include amounts earned under the 2006 Bonus Plan, the
2005 LTIP and the 2012 LTIP. Below is a description of the material terms of
each plan and the awards made under those plans to our named executive officers,
as reflected in the Grants of Plan-Based Awards in Fiscal 2013 table that
follows. Big Lots 2006 Bonus Plan The 2006 Bonus Plan provides for cash
compensation, which is intended to qualify as “qualified performance-based
compensation” under Section 162(m) of the IRC, to be paid annually when we meet
or exceed pre-established minimum corporate performance amounts under one or
more financial measures approved by the Compensation Committee and other outside
directors at the start of the fiscal year. Whether we will achieve the minimum
corporate performance amounts is substantially uncertain at the time the
corporate performance amounts and financial measures are established. No right
to a minimum annual incentive award exists, and the Compensation Committee has
the discretion to cancel or decrease an annual incentive award (but may not
increase an annual incentive award for a covered employee (as that term is used
within Section 162(m) of the IRC) calculated under the 2006 Bonus Plan. Any
payments made with respect to a fiscal year are made in the first quarter of the
following fiscal year. The annual incentive awards that may be earned under the
2006 Bonus Plan range from the floor to the maximum annual incentive award
payout percentages, and include all amounts in between. The smallest target and
maximum annual incentive award payout percentages that may be set annually for
our named executive officers are set forth in their respective employment
agreements. The threshold annual incentive award payout percentage is
pre-established annually by the Compensation Committee and the other outside
directors and has historically - 57 - been one-half of the target annual
incentive award payout percentage. Subject to the terms of the employment
agreements, the Compensation Committee and the other outside directors retain
the right to adjust the payout percentages and, in the past, have generally done
so as deemed necessary to realign an executive’s annual incentive award
opportunity with our compensation philosophy. Pursuant to the terms of the 2006
Bonus Plan, the maximum annual incentive award payable under the plan to a
participant in a single fiscal year is $4,000,000. See the “Overview of our
Executive Compensation Program – Elements of In-Service Compensation – Annual
Incentive Award,” “Overview of our Executive Compensation Program – Employment
Agreements” and “Our Executive Compensation Program for Fiscal 2013 – Annual
Incentive Award for Fiscal 2013” sections of the CD&A for more information
regarding the 2006 Bonus Plan and the awards made under that plan for fiscal
2013. Big Lots 2005 Long-Term Incentive
Plan From January 1, 2006 through May 23, 2012,
all employee equity awards, including those made to our named executive
officers, were granted under the 2005 LTIP. We granted only stock options and
restricted stock under the 2005 LTIP. Awards under the 2005 LTIP could have been
granted to any salaried employee, consultant or advisor of Big Lots or its
affiliates. A participant could have received multiple awards under the 2005
LTIP. Each stock option granted under the 2005
LTIP allowed the recipient to acquire our common shares, subject to the
completion of a vesting period and continued employment with us through the
applicable vesting date. Once vested, these common shares may be acquired at a
fixed exercise price per share and they remain exercisable for the term set
forth in the award agreement. Stock option awards made under the 2005 LTIP vest
on the anniversary of the grant date at a rate of 25% per year over the first
four years of the seven year option term. Pursuant to the terms of the 2005
LTIP, the exercise price of a stock option may not be less than the average
trading price of our common shares on the grant date or, if the grant date
occurs on a day other than a trading day, on the next trading day. Under the
restricted stock awards granted pursuant to the 2005 LTIP (other than those made
to the outside directors, which are discussed in the “Director Compensation”
section of this Proxy Statement, and those made to Mr. Fishman pursuant to his
retention agreement, which are discussed in the “Overview of Our Executive
Compensation Program – Retention Agreement” section of the CD&A), if we meet
the first trigger and the recipient remains employed by us, the restricted stock
will vest at the opening of our first trading window after the fifth anniversary
of the grant date. If we meet the second trigger for any fiscal year ending
prior to the fifth anniversary of the grant date and the recipient remains
employed by us, the restricted stock will vest on the first trading day after we
file with the SEC our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year in which the
second trigger is met. The restricted stock will also vest on a prorated basis
in the event that the recipient dies or becomes disabled after we meet the first
trigger but before the fifth anniversary of the grant date. The restricted stock
will be forfeited, in whole or in part, as applicable, if the recipient’s
employment with us terminates prior to vesting. Upon a change in control (as
defined in the 2005 LTIP), all awards outstanding under the 2005 LTIP
automatically become fully vested. For a discussion of the change in control
provisions in our named executive officers’ employment agreements, senior
executive severance agreements and the 2005 LTIP, see the “Potential Payments
Upon Termination or Change in Control – Rights Under Post-Termination and Change
in Control Arrangements” section below. Big Lots 2012 Long-Term Incentive
Plan Since May 23, 2012, all employee equity
awards, including those made to our named executive officers, have been granted
under the 2012 LTIP. The 2012 LTIP authorizes the grants of (1) non-qualified
stock options (“NQSOs”), (2) incentive stock options (“ISOs”) as defined in
Section 422 of the IRC, (3) stock appreciation rights (“SARs”), (4) restricted
stock, (5) restricted stock units, (6) deferred stock units, (7) performance
shares, (8) performance share units, (9) performance units, (10) cash-based
awards, and (11) other stock-based awards (NQSOs, ISOs, SARs, restricted stock,
restricted stock units, deferred stock units, performance shares, performance
share units, performance units, cash-based awards and other stock-based awards
are referred to collectively as “Awards”). All of our and our affiliates’
employees, outside directors and consultants are eligible to receive Awards
under the 2012 LTIP. - 58 - The total number of common shares
available for Awards under the 2012 LTIP is equal to the sum of (1) 7,750,000
newly issued common shares plus (2) any common shares subject to the 4,702,362
outstanding awards as of March 15, 2012 under the 2005 LTIP that on or after
March 15, 2012 cease for any reason to be subject to such awards (other than by
reason of exercise or settlement of the awards to the extent they are exercised
for or settled in vested and nonforfeitable common shares). Of the total number of common shares
available for grant under the 2012 LTIP, no more than 7,750,000 common shares
may be issued pursuant to grants of ISOs during the term of the 2012 LTIP. A
participant may receive multiple Awards under the 2012 LTIP. Each stock option granted under the 2012
LTIP allows the recipient to acquire our common shares, subject to the
completion of a vesting period and continued employment with us through the
applicable vesting date. Once vested, these common shares may be acquired at a
fixed exercise price per share and they remain exercisable for the term set
forth in the award agreement. Stock option awards made under the 2012 LTIP vest
on the anniversary of the grant date at a rate of 25% per year over the first
four years of the seven year option term. Pursuant to the terms of the 2012
LTIP, the exercise price of a stock option may not be less than the average
trading price of our common shares on the grant date or, if the grant date
occurs on a day other than a trading day, on the next trading day. Under the
restricted stock awards granted pursuant to the 2012 LTIP (other than those made
to the outside directors, which are discussed in the “Director Compensation”
section of this Proxy Statement), if we meet the first trigger and the recipient
remains employed by us, the restricted stock will vest at the opening of our
first trading window after the fifth anniversary of the grant date. If we meet
the second trigger for any fiscal year ending prior to the fifth anniversary of
the grant date and the recipient remains employed by us, the restricted stock
will vest on the first trading day after we file with the SEC our Annual Report
on Form 10-K for the year in which the second trigger is met. The restricted
stock will also vest on a prorated basis in the event that the recipient dies or
becomes disabled after we meet the first trigger but before the lapse of five
years. The restricted stock will be forfeited, in whole or in part, as
applicable, if the recipient’s employment with us terminates prior to vesting.
See the “Our Executive Compensation Program for Fiscal 2013 – Equity for Fiscal
2013” section of the CD&A and the “Potential Payments Upon Termination or
Change in Control – Rights Under Post-Termination and Change in Control
Arrangements” section below for more information regarding the equity awards
made under the 2012 LTIP in fiscal 2013. The Retention Awards granted pursuant to
the 2012 LTIP, will vest and be transferred to the recipient without restriction
on the earlier of: (1) the first trading day that is 18 months following the
grant date; or (2) the first trading day following the recipient’s termination
of employment if such termination of employment is the result of the recipient’s
(A) dismissal by us without cause (as defined in the Retention Award Agreement)
or (B) death or disability (provided, however, if the recipient dies or suffers
a disability, only 1/18th of the Retention Award will vest for each consecutive
month that the recipient completed with us between the recipient’s termination).
If termination of employment is the result of any reason other than the
recipient’s dismissal by us without cause, death or disability (including by
reason of the recipient’s retirement, resignation or dismissal by us for cause),
then the Retention Award Agreement will expire and all of the recipient’s rights
in the Retention Award will be forfeited. Upon a change in control (as defined
in the 2012 LTIP), any outstanding Retention Awards will vest. The performance
share units awarded to Mr. Campisi in fiscal 2013 vest in one-third increments
if the market price of our common shares appreciates, for a period of 20
consecutive trading days, to prices that are 110%, 120% and 130% of the grant
date market value of $37.13 (i.e., appreciate to $40.84, $44.56 and $48.27)
before the earlier to occur of the termination of his employment or the seventh
anniversary of the grant date. Upon a change in control (as defined in
the 2012 LTIP), all awards outstanding under the 2012 LTIP automatically become
fully vested. For a discussion of the change in control provisions in our named
executive officers’ employment agreements and senior executive severance
agreements and the 2012 LTIP, see “Potential Payments Upon Termination or Change
in Control – Rights Under Post Termination and Change in Control Arrangements”
section below. - 59 - Grants of Plan-Based Awards in Fiscal
2013 The following table sets forth each award
made to our named executive officers in fiscal 2013 under the 2006 Bonus Plan
and the 2012 LTIP. All Other | All Other | Closing
Stock | Option | Market | Grant
Estimated Possible Payouts | Estimated Future Payouts | Awards: | Awards: | Exercise | Price of | Date Fair
Under Non-Equity Incentive | Under Equity Incentive | Number | Number of | or Base | Option | Value of
Plan Awards | Plan Awards | of Shares | Securities | Price of | Awards | Stock and
Grant | Award | (3) | (4) | of Stock | Underlying | Option | on Grant | Option
Date | Date | Threshold | Target | Maximum | Threshold | Target | Maximum | or Units | Options | Awards | Date | Awards
Name | (1) | (2) | ($) | ($) | ($) | (#) | (#) | (#) | (#) | (#) (5) | ($/Sh.) (6) | ($/Shr.) | ($)
(a) | (b) | - | (c) | (d) | (e) | (f) | (g) | (h) | (i) | (j) | (k) | - | (l)
Mr. Campisi | — | — | 450,000 | 900,000 | 1,800,000 | — | — | — | — | — | — | — | —
5/6/13 | 5/4/13 | — | — | — | — | 37,800 | — | — | — | — | — | 1,403,514
5/6/13 | 5/4/13 | 37,800 | 1,310,904
5/6/13 | 5/4/13 | — | — | — | — | — | — | — | 115,500 | 37.13 | 37.33 | 1,407,945
Mr. Johnson | — | — | 117,500 | 235,000 | 470,000 | — | — | — | — | — | — | — | —
3/8/13 | 3/6/13 | — | — | — | — | 30,000 | — | — | — | — | — | 1,071,600
3/8/13 | 3/6/13 | — | — | — | — | — | — | — | 40,000 | 35.72 | 35.87 | 485,600
4/1/13 | 4/1/13 | — | — | — | — | 9,500 | — | — | — | — | — | 330,125
Ms. Bachmann | — | — | 187,500 | 375,000 | 750,000 | — | — | — | — | — | — | — | —
3/8/13 | 3/6/13 | — | — | — | — | 30,000 | — | — | — | — | — | 1,071,600
3/8/13 | 3/6/13 | — | — | — | — | — | — | — | 40,000 | 35.72 | 35.87 | 485,600
4/1/13 | 4/1/13 | — | — | — | — | 21,500 | — | — | — | — | — | 747,125
Mr. Cooper | — | — | 174,000 | 348,000 | 696,000 | — | — | — | — | — | — | — | —
3/8/13 | 3/6/13 | — | — | — | — | 30,000 | — | — | — | — | — | 1,071,600
3/8/13 | 3/6/13 | — | — | — | — | — | — | — | 40,000 | 35.72 | 35.87 | 485,600
4/1/13 | 4/1/13 | — | — | — | — | 13,500 | — | — | — | — | — | 469,125
Mr. Rodriguez | — | — | 85,000 | 170,000 | 340,000 | — | — | — | — | — | — | — | —
3/8/13 | 3/6/13 | — | — | — | — | 10,000 | — | — | — | — | — | 357,200
3/8/13 | 3/6/13 | — | — | — | — | — | — | — | 20,000 | 35.72 | 35.87 | 242,800
Mr. Fishman | — | — | 840,000 | 1,680,000 | 3,360,000 | — | — | — | — | — | — | — | —
Mr. Haubiel | — | — | 165,000 | 330,000 | 660,000 | — | — | — | — | — | — | — | —
3/8/13 | 3/6/13 | — | — | — | — | 30,000 | — | — | — | — | — | 1,071,600
3/8/13 | 3/6/13 | — | — | — | — | — | — | — | 40,000 | 35.72 | 35.87 | 485,600
4/1/13 | 4/1/13 | — | — | — | — | 19,000 | — | — | — | — | — | 660,250
Mr. Martin | — | — | 180,000 | 360,000 | 720,000 | — | — | — | — | — | — | — | —
3/8/13 | 3/6/13 | — | — | — | — | 30,000 | — | — | — | — | — | 1,071,600
3/8/13 | 3/6/13 | — | — | — | — | — | — | — | 40,000 | 35.72 | 35.87 | 485,600 ____________________ ( 1 ) | As discussed in the “Our Executive Compensation Program for Fiscal 2013 – Equity Grant Timing” section of the CD&A, in fiscal 2013, except for the Retention Awards granted to Mr. Johnson, Ms. Bachmann, Mr. Cooper and Mr. Haubiel on April 1, 2013 and Mr. Campisi’s equity awards granted on May 6, 2013, the Board set as the grant date of these equity awards the second trading day following our release of results from our last completed fiscal year. This future date was established to allow the market to absorb and react to our release of material non-public information, and to avoid any suggestion that the Board, the Compensation Committee or any employee manipulated the terms of the equity awards.
( 2 ) | The Award Date represents the date on which the Board authorized the equity-based award and set the grant date.
( 3 ) | The amounts in columns (c), (d) and (e) represent our named executive officers’ threshold, target and maximum annual incentive award levels, respectively, for fiscal 2013 pursuant to the 2006 Bonus Plan, which annual incentive award levels are further described in the “Our Executive Compensation Program for Fiscal 2013 – Annual Incentive Award for Fiscal 2013” section of the CD&A. For fiscal 2013, our named executive officers did not earn an annual incentive award under the 2006 Bonus Plan, as reflected in column (g) of the Summary Compensation Table. - 60 - ( 4 ) | The amounts in column (g) represent restricted stock awarded pursuant to the 2012 LTIP, and in the case of Mr. Campisi, a performance share units award awarded pursuant to the 2012 LTIP, which awards are described in the narrative preceding this table and the “Our Executive Compensation Program for Fiscal 2013 – Equity for Fiscal 2013” section of the CD&A. As a result of Mr. Haubiel’s termination of employment in fiscal 2013, Mr. Haubiel’s Retention Award granted on April 1, 2013 vested. Mr. Haubiel’s and Mr. Martin’s employment with us terminated during fiscal 2013, therefore both of their restricted stock awards granted on March 8, 2013 were forfeited. None of the other restricted stock awards granted to our named executive officers in fiscal 2013 vested. There are no minimum or maximum “estimated future payouts” applicable to the restricted stock awards and performance share units awards included in column (g).
( 5 ) | The amounts in column (j) represent NQSOs awarded pursuant to the 2012 LTIP, which awards are described in the narrative preceding this table and the “Our Executive Compensation Program for Fiscal 2013 – Equity for Fiscal 2013” section of the CD&A.
( 6 ) | Pursuant to the terms of the 2012 LTIP, the exercise price of the NQSOs awarded in fiscal 2013 is equal to the fair market value of our common shares on the grant date. The fair market value is determined by calculating the average of the opening and closing prices for our common shares on the NYSE. We believe this method is preferable to using only the closing market price, as it is less vulnerable to market activity that may have only an instantaneous effect, positively or negatively, on the price of our common shares. - 61 - Outstanding Equity Awards at 2013
Fiscal Year-End The following table sets forth, as of the
end of fiscal 2013, all equity awards outstanding under our equity compensation
plans for each named executive officer. Option Awards | Stock Awards
Equity
Incentive
Equity | Plan
Incentive | Awards:
Equity | Plan | Market
Incentive | Market | Awards: | or Payout
Plan | Value of | Number of | Value of
Number | Number | Awards: | Number | Shares | Unearned | Unearned
of | of | Number of | of Shares | or Units | Shares, | Shares,
Securities | Securities | Securities | or Units | of Stock | Units or | Units or
Underlying | Underlying | Underlying | of Stock | That | Other | Other
Unexercised | Unexercised | Unexercised | Option | That | Have | Rights | Rights
Options | Options | Unearned | Exercise | Option | Have Not | Not | That Have | That Have
(#) | (#) | Options | Price | Expiration | Vested | Vested | Not Vested | Not Vested
Name | Exercisable | Unexercisable | (#) | ($) (1) | Date | (#) | ($) | (#) (2) | ($)
(a) | (b) | (c) | (d) | (e) | (f) | (g) | (h) | (i) | (j)
Mr. Campisi | — | 115,500 | — | 37.13 | 5/6/2020 | — | — | — | —
— | — | — | — | — | — | — | 75,600 | 2,025,324
Mr. Johnson | 7,500 | — | — | 28.73 | 3/13/2014 | — | — | — | —
7,500 | — | — | 21.06 | 3/7/2015 | — | — | — | —
1,875 | — | — | 17.47 | 3/6/2016 | — | — | — | —
11,250 | 3,750 | — | 35.92 | 3/5/2017 | — | — | — | —
6,000 | 6,000 | — | 41.12 | 3/7/2018 | — | — | — | —
4,000 | 4,000 | — | 33.67 | 7/18/2018 | — | — | — | —
8,750 | 26,250 | — | 43.85 | 3/6/2019 | — | — | — | —
1,250 | 3,750 | — | 30.82 | 8/28/2019 | — | — | — | —
— | 40,000 | — | 35.72 | 3/8/2020 | — | — | — | —
— | — | — | — | — | — | — | 79,500 | 2,129,805
Ms. Bachmann | 48,750 | — | — | 21.06 | 3/7/2015 | — | — | — | —
36,563 | — | — | 17.47 | 3/6/2016 | — | — | — | —
37,500 | 12,500 | — | 35.92 | 3/5/2017 | — | — | — | —
20,000 | 20,000 | — | 41.12 | 3/7/2018 | — | — | — | —
10,000 | 30,000 | — | 43.85 | 3/6/2019 | — | — | — | —
— | 40,000 | — | 35.72 | 3/8/2020 | — | — | — | —
— | — | — | — | — | — | — | 111,500 | 2,987,085
Mr. Cooper | 12,188 | — | — | 21.06 | 3/7/2015 | — | — | — | —
24,375 | — | — | 17.47 | 3/6/2016 | — | — | — | —
37,500 | 12,500 | — | 35.92 | 3/5/2017 | — | — | — | —
20,000 | 20,000 | — | 41.12 | 3/7/2018 | — | — | — | —
10,000 | 30,000 | — | 43.85 | 3/6/2019 | — | — | — | —
— | 40,000 | 35.72 | 3/8/2020 | — | — | — | —
— | — | — | — | — | — | — | 103,500 | 2,772,765
Mr. Rodriguez | 5,000 | 15,000 | — | 36.90 | 6/4/2019 | — | — | — | —
— | 20,000 | — | 35.72 | 3/8/2020 | — | — | — | —
— | — | — | — | — | — | — | 20,000 | 535,800
Mr. Fishman | 307,500 | — | — | 17.47 | 3/6/2016 | — | — | — | —
Mr. Haubiel | 33,750 | — | — | 35.92 | 6/18/2014 | — | — | — | —
20,000 | — | — | 41.12 | 6/18/2014 | — | — | — | —
10,000 | — | — | 43.85 | 6/18/2014 | — | — | — | —
Mr. Martin | 9,375 | — | — | 17.47 | 1/4/2015 | — | — | — | —
10,000 | — | — | 35.92 | 1/4/2015 | — | — | — | —
8,750 | — | — | 41.12 | 1/4/2015 | — | — | — | —
10,000 | — | — | 43.85 | 1/4/2015 | — | — | — | — - 62 - ____________________ ( 1 ) | All stock option awards reflected in this table were made pursuant to the 2005 LTIP or 2012 LTIP. Stock option awards made under the 2005 LTIP or 2012 LTIP vest on the anniversary of the grant date at a rate of 25% per year over the first four years of the seven year option term.
( 2 ) | The awards reported in column (i) reflect the following: (1) for Mr. Campisi, a restricted stock award and performance share units award in fiscal 2013; (2) for Mr. Rodriguez, restricted stock awards in fiscal 2013 and fiscal 2012; and (3) for Mr. Johnson, Mr. Bachmann and Mr. Cooper, restricted stock awards in fiscal 2013, fiscal 2012, fiscal 2011 and a Retention Award granted in fiscal 2013. All awards were made pursuant to the 2005 LTIP or 2012 LTIP. The first trigger for the fiscal 2013, fiscal 2012 and fiscal 2011 restricted stock awards is $1.50 and the second trigger for the fiscal 2013 award is $3.98, the second trigger for the fiscal 2012 restricted stock awards is $3.95 and the second trigger for the fiscal 2011 restricted stock awards is $3.52. Based on our performance in fiscal 2013, we achieved the first trigger but not the second trigger applicable to the fiscal 2013 restricted stock awards. The performance share units award to Mr. Campisi in fiscal 2013 vests in one-third increments if the market price of our common shares appreciates, for a period of 20 consecutive trading days, to prices that are 110%, 120% and 130% of the grant date market value of $37.13. The Retention Awards will vest and be transferred to the recipient without restriction on the earlier of: (1) the first trading day that is 18 months following the grant date; or (2) the first trading day following the recipient’s termination of employment if such termination of employment is the result of the recipient’s (A) dismissal by us without cause (as defined in the Retention Award Agreement) or (B) death or disability (provided, however, if the recipient dies or suffers a disability, only 1/18 th of the Retention Award will vest for each consecutive month that the recipient completed with us between the recipient’s termination). If termination of employment is the result of any reason other than the recipient’s dismissal by us without cause, death or disability (including by reason of the recipient’s retirement, resignation or dismissal by us for cause), then the Retention Award Agreement will expire and all of the recipient’s rights in the Retention Award will be forfeited. Upon a change in control (as defined in the 2012 LTIP), any outstanding Retention Awards will vest. For additional information regarding the fiscal 2013 restricted stock awards, performance share units award and the Retention Awards, including the vesting terms, see the narrative discussion preceding the Grants of Plan-Based Awards in Fiscal 2013 table and the “Our Executive Compensation Program for Fiscal 2013 – Equity for Fiscal 2013” section of the CD&A. Option Exercises and Stock Vested in
Fiscal 2013 The following table reflects all stock
option exercises and the vesting of restricted stock held by each of our named
executive officers during fiscal 2013. Option Awards | Stock Awards
Number of | Number of
Shares | Value | Shares | Value
Acquired on | Realized | Acquired on | Realized
Exercise | on Exercise | Vesting | on Vesting
Name | (#) | ($) | (#) | ($)
(a) | (b) | (c) | (d) | (e)
Mr. Campisi | — | — | — | —
Mr. Johnson | — | — | — | —
Ms. Bachmann | 37,500 | 310,256 | — | —
Mr. Cooper | — | — | — | —
Mr. Rodriguez | — | — | — | —
Mr. Fishman | — | — | — | —
Mr. Haubiel | 9,375 | 184,267 | 19,000 | (1) | 642,770
Mr. Martin | — | — | 25,000 | (1) | 803,250 ____________________ (1) | Mr. Haubiel’s Retention Award and Mr. Martin’s restricted stock award granted in fiscal 2011 each vested in fiscal 2013. - 63 - Nonqualified Deferred
Compensation Supplemental Savings
Plan All of our named executive officers, as
well as substantially all other full-time employees, are eligible to participate
in the Savings Plan, our “401(k) plan.” The Supplemental Savings Plan is
maintained for those executives participating in the Savings Plan who desire to
contribute more than the amount allowable under the Savings Plan. The
Supplemental Savings Plan constitutes a contract to pay deferred compensation
and limits deferrals in accordance with prevailing tax law. The Supplemental
Savings Plan is designed to pay the deferred compensation in the same amount as
if contributions had been made to the Savings Plan. We have no obligation to
fund the Supplemental Savings Plan, and all assets and amounts payable under the
Supplemental Savings Plan are subject to the claims of our general
creditors. In order to participate in the Savings and
Supplemental Savings Plans, an eligible employee must satisfy applicable age and
service requirements and must make contributions to such plans (“Participant
Contributions”). Participant Contributions are made through authorized payroll
deductions to one or more of the several investment funds available under the
Savings and Supplemental Savings Plans and selected at the discretion of the
participant. All Participant Contributions are matched by us (“Registrant
Contributions”) at a rate of 100% for the first 2% of salary contributed and 50%
for the next 4% of salary contributed. Additionally, the amount of the
Registrant Contribution is subject to the maximum annual compensation that may
be taken into account for benefit calculation purposes under the IRC ($255,000
for calendar year 2013). Accordingly, the maximum aggregate Registrant
Contribution that could be made to a named executive officer participating in
the Savings and Supplemental Savings Plans was $10,200 for fiscal
2013. Under the Savings Plan and the
Supplemental Savings Plan, 25% of the Registrant Contributions vests annually
beginning on the second anniversary of the employee’s hiring. Under the Savings
Plan, a participant who has terminated employment with us is entitled to all
funds in his or her account, except that if termination is for a reason other
than retirement, disability or death, then the participant is entitled to
receive only the Participant Contributions and the vested portion of the
Registrant Contributions. Under the Supplemental Savings Plan, a participant who
has terminated employment with us for any reason is entitled to receive the
Participant Contributions and only the vested portion of the Registrant
Contributions. Under both plans, all other unvested accrued benefits pertaining
to Registrant Contributions will be forfeited. Upon a change in control of Big
Lots, the participant will receive a lump sum payment of all amounts (vested and
unvested) under the Supplemental Savings Plan. Nonqualified Deferred Compensation
Table for Fiscal 2013 The following table reflects the
contributions to, earnings in and balance of each named executive officer’s
account held under the Supplemental Savings Plan. Executive | Registrant | Aggregate | Aggregate
Contributions | Contributions | Earnings | Withdrawals/ | Aggregate Balance
in Last FY | in Last FY | in Last FY | Distributions | at Last FYE
Name | ($) (1) | ($) (2) | ($) (3) | ($) | ($)
(a) | (b) | (c) | (d) | (e) | (f)
Mr. Campisi | 3,462 | — | (6 | ) | — | 3,456
Mr. Johnson | 55,831 | 5,875 | 61,277 | — | 530,349
Ms. Bachmann | 18,577 | 5,875 | 35,663 | — | 306,144
Mr. Cooper | 11,908 | 5,875 | 1,870 | — | 586,268
Mr. Rodriguez | 785 | — | (3 | ) | — | 782
Mr. Fishman | — | — | — | — | —
Mr. Haubiel | 36,485 | 5,875 | 210,467 | 1,477,102 | —
Mr. Martin | 22,846 | 5,875 | 194,188 | 112,834 | 1,017,311 ____________________ (1) | The amounts in this column are included in the “Salary” column of the Summary Compensation Table for fiscal 2013. - 64 - (2) | The amounts in this column are included in the “All Other Compensation” column of the Summary Compensation Table for fiscal 2013.
(3) | The amounts in this column are not included in the Summary Compensation Table as these amounts reflect only the earnings on the investments designated by the named executive officer in his or her Supplemental Savings Plan account in fiscal 2013 (i.e., appreciation or decline in account value). The amounts in this column do not include any above-market or preferential earnings, as defined by Item 402(c)(2)(viii) of Regulation S-K and the instructions thereto. Potential Payments Upon Termination or
Change in Control The “Rights Under Post-Termination and
Change in Control Arrangements” section below addresses the rights of our
executive’s under their employment agreements and other compensation
arrangements upon a change in control or in the event their employment with us
is terminated. The “Estimated Payments if Triggering Event Occurred at 2013
Fiscal Year End” section below reflects the payments that may be received by
each executive (or his or her beneficiaries, as applicable) upon a change in
control or in the event the executive’s employment with us is terminated: (1)
involuntarily without cause; (2) in connection with the executive’s disability;
(3) upon the executive’s death; or (4) in connection with a change in control.
Having terminated prior to the end of fiscal 2013, Mr. Fishman, Mr. Haubiel and
Mr. Martin are not eligible for any payments in connection with a change in
control and the amounts shown in the tables in this section reflect the actual
amounts paid in connection with their termination. Rights Under Post-Termination and
Change in Control Arrangements If a named executive officer who is a
party to an employment agreement with us (Mr. Campisi, Ms. Bachmann and Mr.
Cooper) is terminated for cause or due to his or her voluntary resignation, we
have no obligation under the employment agreement to pay any unearned
compensation or to provide any future benefits to the executive. Generally,
under the terms of these employment agreements, cause for termination would
exist upon the executive’s: failure to comply with our policies and procedures
 which we reasonably determine has had or is likely to have a material adverse effect on us or our affiliates; willful or illegal misconduct or grossly negligent
 conduct that is materially injurious to us or our affiliates; violation of laws or regulations governing us or
 our affiliates or a violation of our codes of ethics; breach of any fiduciary duty owed to us or our
 affiliates; misrepresentation or dishonesty which we
 reasonably determine has had or is likely to have a material adverse effect on us or our affiliates; breach of any provision of the executive’s
 obligations under his or her employment agreement with us; involvement in any act of moral turpitude that has
 a materially injurious effect on us or our affiliates; or breach of the terms of any non-solicitation or
 confidentiality clauses contained in an employment agreement with a former employer. If terminated without cause, except for
Mr. Johnson and Mr. Rodriguez, who would continue to receive their salary for
six months, each of the other named executive officers would continue to receive
his or her respective salary for one year. Each named executive officer would
receive a lump sum payment equal to two times his or her respective salary if
terminated in connection with a change in control (as discussed below).
Additionally, each named executive officer (1) is eligible (based on our
achievement of at least the corporate performance amount corresponding to the
threshold annual incentive award level) to receive a prorated annual incentive
award for the fiscal year in which his or her termination is effective if he or
she is terminated without cause or in connection with his or her death or
disability, and (2) will receive two times his or her maximum annual incentive
award if terminated following a change in control. - 65 - Upon a change in control, all outstanding
stock options become exercisable to the full extent of the original grant and
all unvested restricted stock vests. Upon the named executive officer’s
termination of employment, all exercisable stock options then held may be
exercised until the earlier of the stock option award expiration date or one
year after termination of employment. Additionally, if termination of employment
results from death or disability, then (1) unvested stock options awarded in
fiscal 2009 and after will vest on the day such event occurred, provided such
event occurred at least six months following the grant date, and (2) unvested
restricted stock awards will vest in increments of 20% for each consecutive year
of employment completed since the grant date if the first trigger is met while
employed. Any restricted stock awards not vested at termination of employment,
for reasons other than death or disability, will be forfeited. Mr. Campisi, Ms. Bachmann and Mr. Cooper
are entitled to receive continued healthcare coverage for up to two years
following a termination without cause or if terminated in connection with a
change in control, plus the amount necessary to reimburse him or her for the
taxes he or she would be liable for as a result of such continued healthcare
coverage (“Tax Gross-Up Amount”). Mr. Johnson and Mr. Rodriguez are entitled to
receive continued healthcare coverage for up to six months following a
termination without cause and up to one year following a termination in
connection with a change in control, plus the Tax Gross-Up Amount. Upon a change
in control, each participating named executive officer will receive a lump sum
payment of all amounts (vested and unvested) under the Supplemental Savings
Plan. (See the “Nonqualified Deferred Compensation” section above for more
information regarding the Supplemental Savings Plan and our named executive
officers’ aggregate balances under such plans at the end of fiscal 2013.)
Additionally, if terminated without cause, Mr. Campisi, Ms. Bachmann and Mr.
Cooper are entitled to continue to receive an automobile or an automobile
allowance for one year. For Mr. Campisi, Ms. Bachmann and Mr.
Cooper, their employment agreements do not require us to reimburse them for the
amount of any golden parachute excise tax imposed under Section 4999 of the IRC.
Each of their employment agreements provide that if the payments to be received
by the them in connection with a change in control constitute “excess parachute
payments,” their payments and benefits will be reduced to the extent necessary
to become one dollar less than the amount that would generate an excise tax
liability unless they would be in a better net after-tax position without any
such reduction, in which case payments and benefits will not be
reduced. For Mr. Johnson and Mr. Rodriguez, to the
extent that payments to the executive pursuant to the senior executive severance
agreement (together with any other amounts received by the executive in
connection with a change in control) would trigger the provisions of Sections
280G and 4999 of the IRC, payments under the agreement will be increased to the
extent necessary to place the executive in the same after-tax position as the
executive would have been if no excise tax or assessment had been imposed on any
such payment to the executive under the agreement or any other payment that the
executive may receive as a result of such change in control. The compensation
payable on account of a change in control may be subject to the deductibility
limitations of Sections 162(m) and/or 280G of the IRC. Mr. Fishman’s employment agreement
terminated with us on May 3, 2013. On May 3, 2013, we entered into the RCA with
Mr. Fishman. Pursuant to the RCA, in exchange for providing consulting services
and complying with the restrictive covenants set forth in the RCA, we will
reimburse Mr. Fishman for the reasonable expenses he incurs in the performance
of the consulting services, pay him a monthly consulting fee of $77,777, permit
him to continue to use the automobile we furnished to him prior to his
retirement and provide him with welfare benefits equivalent to the welfare
benefits we provided to him immediately prior to his retirement. Change in Control
Described Generally, pursuant to the 1996 LTIP, the
2005 LTIP, the 2012 LTIP, the Supplemental Savings Plan (as to amounts earned
and vested before January 1, 2005, including earnings attributable to such
amounts), a change in control is deemed to occur if: any person or group (as defined in Section 13(d)
 under the Exchange Act) becomes the beneficial owner, or has the right to acquire, 20% or more of our outstanding voting
 securities; a majority of the Board is replaced within any
 two-year period by directors not nominated and approved by a majority of the directors in office at the beginning of
 such period (or their successors so nominated and approved), or a majority of the Board at any date consists of
 persons not so nominated and approved;
 or - 66 - our shareholders approve an agreement to merge or
 consolidate with an unrelated company or an agreement to sell or otherwise dispose of all or substantially all of
 our assets to an unrelated company, except
 pursuant to the terms of the 2012 LTIP, which requires the consummation of a
 merger or consolidation with another entity or
 the sale or other disposition of all or substantially all of our assets (including, without limitation, a plan of
 liquidation), which has been approved by our shareholders. Consistent with the provisions of Section
409A (“Section 409A”) of the IRC and the Treasury Regulations promulgated
thereunder, pursuant to our named executive officers’ employment agreements, the
senior executive severance agreements, the 2006 Bonus Plan and the Supplemental
Savings Plan (as to all amounts earned and vested on or after January 1, 2005),
a change in control is deemed to occur upon: the acquisition by any person or group (as defined
 under Section 409A) of our common shares that, together with any of our common shares then held by such person or
 group, constitutes more than 50% of the total
 fair market value or voting power in our outstanding voting securities; the acquisition by any person or group, within any
 one year period, of 30% or more of our outstanding voting securities; a majority of the Board is replaced during any one
 year period by directors whose appointment or election is not endorsed by a majority of the directors in office prior
 to the date of such appointment or election;
 or the acquisition by any person or group, within any
 one year period, of 40% or more of the total gross fair market value of all of our assets, as measured immediately prior
 to such acquisition(s). Notwithstanding the foregoing definitions,
pursuant to our named executive officers’ employment agreements, senior
executive severance agreements, the 1996 LTIP, the 2005 LTIP, the 2012 LTIP, and
the 2006 Bonus Plan, a change in control does not include any transaction,
merger, consolidation or reorganization in which we exchange, or offer to
exchange, newly issued or treasury shares in an amount less than 50% of our
then-outstanding voting securities for 51% or more of the outstanding voting
securities of an unrelated company or for all or substantially all of the assets
of such unrelated company. Pursuant to the employment agreements and
senior executive severance agreements, a named executive officer’s termination
in connection with a change in control is generally deemed to occur if, during
the applicable protection period (as discussed in the next paragraph), we or any
other party to the change in control (e.g., the unrelated acquirer or successor
company): terminate the executive without cause; breach a term of the employment agreement, as
 applicable; or constructively terminate the executive (i.e., the
 executive resigns due to the imposition of a material adverse change in the executive’s duties, compensation or reporting
 relationships after our failure to cure such
 condition). The protection period afforded to Mr.
Campisi, Ms. Bachmann and Mr. Cooper consists of the three months preceding a
change in control and the two years following a change in control and the
protection period afforded to Mr. Johnson’s and Mr. Rodriguez consists of the
two years following a change in control. Estimated Payments if Triggering
Event Occurred at 2013 Fiscal Year-End The amounts in the following tables are
approximations based on various assumptions and estimates. The actual amounts to
be paid can only be determined at the time of the change in control or
termination of employment, as applicable. In the tables that follow, we have
made the following material assumptions, estimates and
characterizations: Except as otherwise provided in the tables below,
 the amounts are calculated based on compensation levels and benefits effective at February 1, 2014, the last day of
 fiscal 2013. - 67 - As noted in the “Non-Equity Incentive Plan
 Compensation” row in the tables below, the amounts payable under the 2006 Bonus Plan upon termination: (1) without cause
 or due to death or disability are based on the
 annual incentive award actually earned by the applicable named executive
 officer for fiscal 2013 performance (which
 amounts would be prorated if the executive was terminated prior to the end
 of the fiscal year for which the annual
 incentive award was earned); and (2) in connection with a change in control are equal to two times the named executive
 officer’s maximum annual incentive award. We have not taken into account the possibility
 that a named executive officer may be eligible to receive healthcare benefits from another source following his or her
 termination. Therefore, the amounts shown in
 the “Healthcare Coverage” row in the tables below reflect, consistent with the
 assumptions that would be used to estimate the
 cost of these benefits for financial reporting purposes under generally
 accepted accounting principles, the current
 monthly cost to provide continued healthcare coverage under the Consolidated Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of 1985
 (“COBRA”) applied to each month these benefits
 would be provided to the named executive officer if terminated involuntarily
 without cause or in connection with a change in
 control. Included in the amounts shown in the “Healthcare Coverage” row in the tables below are the related Tax Gross-Up
 Amounts.. The amounts shown in the “Long-Term Disability Benefit” row in the tables below represent 67% of the named
 executive officer’s monthly salary, up to a
 maximum of $25,000 per month in accordance with the long-term disability
 insurance we maintain for our named executive
 officers. This benefit is payable until the named executive officer is no longer disabled or age 65, whichever occurs
 earlier. Due to the speculative nature of estimating the period of time during which a named executive officer may be
 disabled, we have presented only one month of
 disability benefits in the tables below. The amounts in the “Accelerated Equity Awards” row
 under the “Termination upon Disability” and “Termination upon Death” columns in the tables below represent the
 value (as of the final trading day on the NYSE
 during fiscal 2013) of (1) 40% of the unvested restricted stock awarded to
 each named executive officer in March of 2011,
 (2) 20% of the unvested restricted stock awarded to each named executive officer in March of 2012, (3) the Retention Awards
 and (4) all of the unvested stock options awarded to our named executive officers in fiscal 2009 and after. As
 discussed in the prior section, if termination
 of employment resulted from death or disability, then unvested restricted
 stock awards made under the 2005 LTIP and 2012
 LTIP will vest in increments of 20% for each consecutive year of employment completed since the grant date if the first
 trigger is met while employed. The first trigger for the restricted stock awarded to the named executive officers in
 March of 2011 and March of 2012 was met as a
 result of our performance in fiscal 2011 and fiscal 2012. Accordingly, 40% of
 the March 2011 restricted stock award and 20%
 of the March 2012 restricted stock award awarded to each those named executive officers would have vested at the end of
 fiscal 2013 had the executive’s employment terminated on such date as a result of his death or disability. As
 discussed in the prior section, if a named
 executive officer dies or becomes disabled before the last scheduled vesting
 date of a stock option awarded in fiscal 2009
 or after, the then-remaining unvested portion of that stock option
 award will vest on the day such event occurred,
 provided such event occurred at least six months following the grant date. The Retention Award for Mr. Haubiel’s and Mr.
 Martin’s restricted stock award granted in fiscal 2011 vested in fiscal 2013. The amounts in the “Accelerated Equity Awards” row
 under the “Termination in Connection with a Change in Control” and “Change in Control (without termination)”
 columns in the tables below include the value
 of all unvested stock options that were in-the-money at the end of fiscal 2013
 (minus the aggregate stock option exercise
 prices) and all unvested restricted stock that would have vested on an accelerated basis had a change in control occurred as
 of the end of fiscal 2013. These amounts do not reflect any equity awards that have vested or have been granted in
 fiscal 2013. The closing market price of our common shares on
 the final trading day on the NYSE during fiscal 2013 was $26.79 per share. - 68 - David J. Campisi The following table reflects the payments
that would have been due to Mr. Campisi in the event of a change in control
and/or the termination of his employment on February 1, 2014. Event Occurring at February 1, 2014
Involuntary | Involuntary | Termination | Change in
Termination | Termination | Termination | Termination | in Connection | Control
with | without | Voluntary | upon | upon | with a Change | (without
Cause | Cause | Termination | Disability | Death | in Control | termination)
Salary/Salary Continuation ($) | — | 900,000 | — | — | — | 1,800,000 | —
Non-Equity Incentive Plan
Compensation ($) | — | 0 | — | 0 | 0 | 3,600,000 | —
Healthcare Coverage ($) | — | 82,213 | — | — | — | 82,213 | —
Long-Term Disability Benefit ($) | — | — | — | 25,000 | — | — | —
Use of Automobile/Automobile
Allowance ($) | — | 101,760 | — | — | — | — | —
Accelerated Equity Awards ($) | — | — | — | — | — | 2,025,324 | 2,025,324
Excise Tax Benefit ($) | — | — | — | — | — | 0 | 0
Total ($) | — | 1,083,973 | — | 25,000 | 0 | 7,507,537 | 2,025,324 Timothy J. Johnson The following table reflects the payments
that would have been due to Mr. Johnson in the event of a change in control
and/or the termination of his employment with us on February 1, 2014. Event Occurring at February 1, 2014
Involuntary | Involuntary | Termination | Change in
Termination | Termination | Termination | Termination | in Connection | Control
with | without | Voluntary | upon | upon | with a Change | (without
Cause | Cause | Termination | Disability | Death | in Control | termination)
Salary/Salary Continuation ($) | — | 235,000 | — | — | — | 940,000 | —
Non-Equity Incentive Plan
Compensation ($) | — | 0 | — | 0 | 0 | 940,000 | —
Healthcare Coverage ($) | — | 21,223 | — | — | — | 42,445 | —
Long-Term Disability Benefit ($) | — | — | — | 25,000 | — | — | —
Use of Automobile/Automobile
Allowance ($) | — | — | — | — | — | — | —
Accelerated Equity Awards ($) | — | 254,505 | — | 407,877 | 407,877 | 2,129,805 | 2,129,805
Excise Tax Benefit ($) | — | — | — | — | — | 1,940,312 | 0
Total ($) | — | 510,728 | — | 432,877 | 407,877 | 5,992,562 | 2,129,805 - 69 - Lisa M. Bachmann The following table reflects the payments
that would have been due to Ms. Bachmann in the event of a change in control
and/or the termination of her employment with us on February 1, 2014. Event Occurring at February 1, 2014
Involuntary | Involuntary | Termination | Change in
Termination | Termination | Termination | Termination | in Connection | Control
with | without | Voluntary | upon | upon | with a Change | (without
Cause | Cause | Termination | Disability | Death | in Control | termination)
Salary/Salary Continuation ($) | — | 625,000 | — | — | — | 1,250,000 | —
Non-Equity Incentive Plan
Compensation ($) | — | 0 | — | 0 | 0 | 1,500,000 | —
Healthcare Coverage ($) | — | 82,213 | — | — | — | 82,213 | —
Long-Term Disability Benefit ($) | — | — | — | 25,000 | — | — | —
Use of Automobile/Automobile
Allowance ($) | — | 13,200 | — | — | — | — | —
Accelerated Equity Awards ($) | — | 575,985 | — | 799,012 | 799,012 | 2,987,085 | 2,987,085
Excise Tax Benefit ($) | — | — | — | — | — | 0 | 0
Total ($) | — | 1,296,398 | — | 824,012 | 799,012 | 5,819,298 | 2,987,085 Joe R. Cooper The following table reflects the payments
that would have been due to Mr. Cooper in the event of a change in control
and/or the termination of his employment with us on February 1, 2014. Event Occurring at February 1, 2014
Involuntary | Involuntary | Termination | Change in
Termination | Termination | Termination | Termination | in Connection | Control
with | without | Voluntary | upon | upon | with a Change | (without
Cause | Cause | Termination | Disability | Death | in Control | termination)
Salary/Salary Continuation ($) | — | 580,000 | — | — | — | 1,160,000 | —
Non-Equity Incentive Plan
Compensation ($) | — | 0 | — | 0 | 0 | 1,392,000 | —
Healthcare Coverage ($) | — | 82,213 | — | — | — | 82,213 | —
Long-Term Disability Benefit ($) | — | — | — | 25,000 | — | — | —
Use of Automobile/Automobile
Allowance ($) | — | 13,200 | — | — | — | — | —
Accelerated Equity Awards ($) | — | 361,665 | — | 681,136 | 681,136 | 2,772,765 | 2,772,765
Excise Tax Benefit ($) | — | — | — | — | — | 0 | 0
Total ($) | — | 1,037,078 | — | 706,136 | 681,136 | 5,406,978 | 2,772,765 - 70 - Carlos V. Rodriguez The following table reflects the payments
that would have been due to Mr. Rodriguez in the event of a change in control
and/or the termination of his employment with us on February 1, 2014. Event Occurring at February 1, 2014
Involuntary | Involuntary | Termination | Change in
Termination | Termination | Termination | Termination | in Connection | Control
with | without | Voluntary | upon | upon | with a Change | (without
Cause | Cause | Termination | Disability | Death | in Control | termination)
Salary/Salary Continuation ($) | — | 170,000 | — | — | — | 680,000 | —
Non-Equity Incentive Plan
Compensation ($) | — | 0 | — | 0 | 0 | 680,000 | —
Healthcare Coverage ($) | — | 21,223 | — | — | — | 42,445 | —
Long-Term Disability Benefit ($) | — | — | — | 18,983 | — | — | —
Use of Automobile/Automobile
Allowance ($) | — | — | — | — | — | — | —
Accelerated Equity Awards ($) | — | — | — | 53,580 | 53,580 | 535,800 | 535,800
Excise Tax Benefit ($) | — | — | — | — | — | 971,387 | 0
Total ($) | — | 191,223 | — | 72,563 | 53,580 | 2,909,632 | 535,800 Charles W. Haubiel II The following table reflects the payments
that were due to Mr. Haubiel following his termination of employment on June 17,
2013. Event Occurred at June 17, 2013
Involuntary | Involuntary | Termination | Change in
Termination | Termination | Termination | Termination | in Connection | Control
with | without | Voluntary | upon | upon | with a Change | (without
Cause | Cause | Termination | Disability | Death | in Control | termination)
Salary/Salary Continuation ($) | — | 550,000 | — | — | — | — | —
Non-Equity Incentive Plan
Compensation ($) | — | — | — | — | — | — | —
Healthcare Coverage ($) | — | 30,064 | — | — | — | — | —
Long-Term Disability Benefit ($) | — | — | — | — | — | — | —
Use of Automobile/Automobile
Allowance ($) | — | 13,200 | — | — | — | — | —
Accelerated Equity Awards ($) | — | 642,770 | — | — | — | — | —
Excise Tax Benefit ($) | — | — | — | — | — | — | —
Total ($) | — | 1,236,034 | — | — | — | — | — - 71 - John M. Martin The following table reflects the payments
that were due to Mr. Martin following his termination of employment on January
3, 2014. Event Occurred at January 3, 2014
Involuntary | Involuntary | Termination | Change in
Termination | Termination | Termination | Termination | in Connection | Control
with | without | Voluntary | upon | upon | with a Change | (without
Cause | Cause | Termination | Disability | Death | in Control | termination)
Salary/Salary Continuation ($) | — | 600,000 | — | — | — | — | —
Non-Equity Incentive Plan
Compensation ($) | — | — | — | — | — | — | —
Healthcare Coverage ($) | — | 32,547 | — | — | — | — | —
Long-Term Disability Benefit ($) | — | — | — | — | — | — | —
Use of Automobile/Automobile
Allowance ($) | — | 13,200 | — | — | — | — | —
Accelerated Equity Awards ($) | — | 803,250 | — | — | — | — | —
Excise Tax Benefit ($) | — | — | — | — | — | — | —
Total ($) | — | 1,448,997 | — | — | — | — | — PROPOSAL FOUR: APPROVAL, ON AN
ADVISORY BASIS, OF THE COMPENSATION OF OUR NAMED EXECUTIVE OFFICERS, AS
DISCLOSED IN THIS PROXY STATEMENT PURSUANT TO ITEM 402 OF REGULATION S-K,
INCLUDING THE CD&A, COMPENSATION TABLES AND THE NARRATIVE DISCUSSION ACCOMPANYING THE TABLES Section 14A of the Exchange Act requires
that we provide our shareholders with the opportunity to vote to approve, on a
nonbinding, advisory basis, the compensation of our named executive officers as
disclosed in this Proxy Statement in accordance with the compensation disclosure
rules of the SEC. The following summary of our executive compensation program
describes our compensation philosophy and the key objectives identified by our
Compensation Committee to implement our compensation philosophy. We believe it is important to provide
competitive compensation to attract and retain talented executives to lead our
business. We also believe an executive compensation program should encourage
high levels of corporate and individual performance by motivating executives to
continually improve our business in order to promote sustained profitability and
enhanced shareholder value. Consistent with this philosophy, the Compensation
Committee has identified the following key objectives that drive the design of
the policies and practices of our executive compensation program: Attract and retain talented executives by
 paying compensation that is competitive with the compensation paid by the companies in our comparator groups. We believe most executives who consider changing their employer expect to receive amounts
 and elements of compensation that are comparable to those offered by most companies in our comparator groups
 and/or their current employer. We believe
 the amounts and elements of compensation that we offer make us competitive
 within our comparator groups, and that offering
 competitive packages has enabled us in recent years to attract and retain talented executives. Motivate executives to contribute to our
 success and reward them for their performance. We use the bonus and equity elements of
 our executive compensation program as the primary tools to motivate our executives to continually improve our business in
 order to promote sustainable profitability and enhanced shareholder value. These compensation elements provide
 executives with meaningful incentives to meet
 or exceed the corporate financial goals set by our Board each year. We believe
 that our operating profit is an important
 financial measure, as it is a reflection of both top line sales and expense control, and when used year-over-year, it has
 the effect of promoting our long-term financial health. Our financial performance in fiscal 2013 did not meet our
 expectations. As a result of such performance
 and the emphasis that our executive compensation program places on pay for
 performance, the actual compensation realized
 by our named executive officers in fiscal 2013 was significantly - 72 - lower than the total potential
compensation awarded to our named executive officers for fiscal 2013. For
example, we did not achieve the operating profit required for our named
executive officers to earn annual incentive awards for fiscal 2013 under the
2006 Bonus Plan. Accordingly, the named executive officers did not receive
annual incentive awards for fiscal 2013. Align the interests of executives and
 shareholders through incentive-based executive
 compensation. The realization and value
 of annual incentive award opportunities under the 2006 Bonus Plan and equity awarded under the 2005 LTIP and 2012 LTIP are
 dependent upon our performance and/or the appreciation in the value of our common shares. In some years, as was
 the case in fiscal 2013, our named executive
 officers may not realize a significant portion of the at-risk incentive
 compensation awarded to them, as our named
 executive officers did not receive an annual incentive award in fiscal 2013. We believe this shows that our pay practices are
 designed to effectively incentivize our executives to dedicate themselves fully to creating value for our
 shareholders. Focus on corporate governance. We seek the approval of the five additional outside
 directors who do not serve on the Compensation
 Committee before finalizing annual executive compensation to provide an additional check on the appropriateness of the
 amounts awarded. For a more detailed discussion of how our
executive compensation program reflects these objectives and our executive
compensation philosophy, including information about the 2013 compensation of
our named executive officers, we encourage you to read the CD&A as well as
the Summary Compensation Table and other related compensation tables in this
Proxy Statement. We request that our shareholders indicate
their support for the compensation of our named executive officers as disclosed
in this Proxy Statement pursuant to Item 402 of Regulation S-K by approving the
following resolution: “RESOLVED, that
the shareholders of Big Lots approve, on an advisory basis, the compensation of
the named executive officers of Big Lots, as disclosed in Big Lots’ Proxy
Statement for the 2014 Annual Meeting of Shareholders pursuant to Item 402 of
Regulation S-K, including the Compensation Discussion and Analysis, compensation
tables and the narrative discussion accompanying the tables.” The vote on the
approval of the compensation of our named executive officers is advisory, which
means that the vote is not binding on the Board, the Compensation Committee or
us. If a majority of the votes are cast against the approval of the compensation
of our named executive officers, the Board and the Compensation Committee will
evaluate whether to take any actions to address the concerns of the shareholders
with respect to our executive compensation program. THE BOARD RECOMMENDS THAT YOU VOTE FOR THE APPROVAL OF THE
COMPENSATION OF OUR NAMED EXECUTIVE OFFICERS, AS DISCLOSED IN THIS PROXY STATEMENT PURSUANT TO ITEM 402 OF REGULATION S-K, INCLUDING
THE CD&A, COMPENSATION TABLES AND THE NARRATIVE DISCUSSION ACCOMPANYING THE TABLES. AUDIT COMMITTEE
DISCLOSURE General Information The Audit Committee consists of five
outside directors of the Board. Our common shares are listed on the NYSE. The
members of the Audit Committee have been reviewed by the Board and determined to
be independent within the meaning of all applicable SEC regulations and the
listing standards of the NYSE. The charter of the Audit Committee states
that the purpose of the Audit Committee is to assist the Board in its oversight
of: the integrity of our financial statements and
 financial reporting process, and our systems of internal accounting and financial controls; our compliance with legal and regulatory
 requirements, including our disclosure controls and procedures; the annual independent audit of our financial
 statements, the engagement of our independent registered public accounting firm, and the evaluation of the firm’s
 qualifications, independence and performance; - 73 - the performance of our internal audit
 function; the evaluation of enterprise risk issues;
 and the fulfillment of other responsibilities set
 forth in its charter. The full text of the Audit Committee’s
charter is available in the Investor Relations section of our website
(www.biglots.com) under the “Corporate Governance” caption. The Audit Committee
regularly reviews its responsibilities as outlined in its charter, prepares an
annual agenda to include all of its responsibilities and conducts a
self-assessment and review of the charter annually. The Audit Committee believes
it fulfilled its responsibilities under the charter in fiscal 2013. The Audit Committee schedules its meetings
with a view towards ensuring that it devotes appropriate attention to all of its
responsibilities. The Audit Committee’s meetings include, whenever appropriate,
executive sessions with the independent registered public accounting firm and
the internal audit service provider, in each case without the presence of
management, and discussions with our Chief Financial Officer and internal
auditor in separate sessions, in each case without the presence of additional
members of management. The Audit Committee also meets in executive session
without the presence of anyone else, whenever appropriate. During fiscal 2013, management completed
the documentation, testing and evaluation of our system of internal control over
financial reporting in accordance with the requirements set forth in Section 404
of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and related regulations. The Audit Committee
was apprised of the progress of the evaluation and provided oversight and advice
to management during the process. In connection with its oversight, the Audit
Committee received periodic updates provided by management and the independent
registered public accounting firm at each regularly scheduled Audit Committee
meeting. The Audit Committee also reviewed the report of management contained in
our Form 10-K, as well as the independent registered public accounting firm’s
Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm included in our Form
10-K related to its audit of (1) our consolidated financial statements and (2)
the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting. The Audit
Committee continues to oversee efforts related to our system of internal control
over financial reporting and management’s preparations for the evaluation
thereof in fiscal 2014. The Audit Committee has also reviewed key initiatives
and programs aimed at strengthening the effectiveness of our internal and
disclosure control structure. Independent Registered Public
Accounting Firm The Audit Committee engaged Deloitte &
Touche LLP as our independent registered public accounting firm to audit our
financial statements for fiscal 2013. Deloitte & Touche LLP has served as
our independent registered public accounting firm since October 1989. The Audit
Committee annually selects our independent registered public accounting
firm. Audit and Non-Audit Services
Pre-Approval Policy Pursuant to the Audit Committee’s Audit
and Non-Audit Services Pre-Approval Policy, all audit and non-audit services
rendered by Deloitte & Touche LLP in fiscal 2013, including the related
fees, were pre-approved by the Audit Committee. Under the policy, the Audit
Committee is required to pre-approve all audit and permissible non-audit
services performed by the independent registered public accounting firm to
assure that the provision of those services does not impair the firm’s
independence. Pre-approval is detailed as to the particular service or category
of service and is subject to a specific engagement authorization. The Audit
Committee requires the independent registered public accounting firm and
management to report on the actual fees incurred for each category of service at
Audit Committee meetings throughout the year. During the year, it may become necessary
to engage the independent registered public accounting firm for additional
services that have not been pre-approved. In those instances, the Audit
Committee requires specific pre-approval before engaging the independent
registered public accounting firm. The Audit Committee may delegate pre-approval
authority to one or more of its members for those instances when pre-approval is
needed prior to a scheduled Audit Committee meeting. The member or members to
whom pre-approval authority is delegated must report any pre-approval decisions
to the Audit Committee at its next scheduled meeting. - 74 - Fees Paid to Independent Registered
Public Accounting Firm The fees billed to us for the professional
services rendered by Deloitte & Touche LLP during the two most recently
completed fiscal years were as follows: Fiscal 2012 | Fiscal 2013
($ in thousands) | ($) | ($)
Audit Fees | 1,278 | 1,320
Audit-Related Fees (1) | 33 | 10
Tax Fees (2) | 102 | 175
All Other Fees (3) | 2 | 2
Total Fees | 1,415 | 1,507 ____________________ ( 1 ) | For fiscal 2012 and fiscal 2013, the audit-related fees principally related to accounting consultation.
( 2 ) | For fiscal 2012 and fiscal 2013, $58 of the tax fees and $150 of the tax fees principally related to tax compliance services for our Canadian operations.
( 3 ) | For fiscal 2012 and fiscal 2013, the other fees principally related to online subscription fees for technical accounting support. Audit Committee Report The Audit Committee has reviewed and
discussed the audited financial statements for fiscal 2013 with management and
the independent registered public accounting firm. The Audit Committee has
discussed with the independent registered public accounting firm the matters
required to be discussed by Auditing Standard No. 16, as adopted by the Public
Company Accounting Oversight Board. The Audit Committee has received the written
disclosures and the letter from the independent registered public accounting
firm required by applicable requirements of the Public Company Accounting
Oversight Board regarding the independent registered public accounting firm’s
communications with the Audit Committee concerning independence, and has
discussed with the independent registered public accounting firm its
independence. Based on these reviews and discussions, the undersigned members of
the Audit Committee recommended to the Board that the audited consolidated
financial statements for fiscal 2013 be included in our Form 10-K for filing
with the SEC. Members of the Audit Committee Philip E. Mallott, Chair James R.
Chambers Peter J. Hayes Brenda J. Lauderback Russell Solt PROPOSAL FIVE: RATIFICATION OF THE
APPOINTMENT OF DELOITTE & TOUCHE LLP AS OUR INDEPENDENT REGISTERED
PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM FOR FISCAL 2014 At its March 4, 2014 meeting, the Audit
Committee appointed Deloitte & Touche LLP as our independent registered
public accounting firm for fiscal 2014, subject to our entry into a mutually
agreed upon services contract with Deloitte & Touche LLP. The submission of
this matter for approval by shareholders is not legally required; however, we
believe that such submission is consistent with best practices in corporate
governance and is another opportunity for shareholders to provide direct
feedback on an important issue of our corporate governance. If the shareholders
do not ratify the appointment of Deloitte & Touche LLP, the selection of
such firm as our independent registered public accounting firm will be
reconsidered by the Audit Committee. A representative of Deloitte & Touche
LLP will be present at the Annual Meeting to respond to appropriate questions
and to make a statement if so desired. THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS RECOMMENDS THAT YOU VOTE FOR THE PROPOSAL
TO RATIFY THE APPOINTMENT OF DELOITTE & TOUCHE LLP AS OUR INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM FOR FISCAL 2014. - 75 - PROPOSAL SIX: SHAREHOLDER
PROPOSAL The Company expects the following
shareholder proposal to be presented for consideration at the Annual Meeting.
The proposal and supporting statement quoted below were submitted by the
Comptroller of the City of New York (as custodian and trustee of the New York
City Employees’ Retirement System, the New York City Fire Department Pension
Fund, the New York City Teachers’ Retirement System, and the New York City
Police Pension Fund, and custodian of the New York City Board of Education
Retirement System) and The City of Philadelphia Public Employees Retirement
System, as co-filers (the “proponents”). The address and common share ownership
of the proponents will be furnished by our Corporate Secretary to any person
orally or in writing as requested promptly upon receipt of any oral or written
request. The proposal will be voted on at the Annual Meeting only if it is
properly presented by or on behalf of the proponents. The Company accepts no
responsibility for the accuracy of the proposal or the supporting statement of
the proponents, in which the word “we” refers to the proponents and not to Big
Lots or its Board. RESOLVED: Shareholders of Big Lots, Inc. ask the board of
directors (the “Board”) to adopt, and present for shareholder approval, a “proxy
access” bylaw. Such a bylaw shall require Big Lots to include in proxy materials
prepared for a shareholder meeting at which directors are to be elected the
name, Disclosure and Statement (as defined herein) of any person nominated for
election to the board by a shareholder or group (the “Nominator”) that meets the
criteria established below. Big Lots shall allow shareholders to vote on such
nominee on Big Lots’ proxy card. The number
of shareholder-nominated candidates appearing in proxy materials shall not
exceed one quarter of the number of directors then serving. This bylaw, which
shall supplement existing rights under Big Lots’ bylaws, should provide that a
Nominator must: a) | have beneficially owned 3% or more of Big Lots’ outstanding common stock continuously for at least three years before the nomination is submitted;
b) | give Big Lots written notice within the time period identified in its bylaws of the information required by the bylaws and any rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission about (i) the nominee, including consent to being named in proxy materials and to serving as a director if elected; and (ii) the Nominator, including proof it owns the required shares (the “Disclosure”); and
c) | certify that (i) it will assume liability stemming from any legal and regulatory violation arising out of the Nominator’s communications with Big Lots shareholders, including the Disclosure and Statement; (ii) it will comply with all applicable laws and regulations if it uses soliciting material other than Big Lots’ proxy materials; and (c) to the best of its knowledge, the required shares were acquired in the ordinary course of business and not to change or influence control at Big Lots. The
Nominator may submit with the Disclosure a statement not exceeding 500 words in
support of the nominee (the “Statement”). The board shall adopt procedures for
promptly resolving disputes over whether notice of a nomination was timely,
whether the Disclosure and Statement satisfy the bylaw and any applicable
federal regulations, and the priority to be given to multiple nominations
exceeding the one-quarter limit. SUPPORTING
STATEMENT We believe
long-term shareholders should have a meaningful voice in electing directors. The
case for Big Lots is compelling: the Board has repeatedly awarded excessive CEO
compensation despite poor performance and been unresponsive to shareholder
concerns. Among our specific concerns with the Board’s independence,
responsiveness and accountability: Big Lots shareowners have cast 69% of their
 votes against management’s say-on-pay (SOP) proposal in each of the last two years. - 76 - In 2013, shareholders not only overwhelmingly
 rejected management’s SOP proposal, but also withheld the majority of votes cast from director Russell Solt,
 chair of the compensation committee; the
 board subsequently rejected Mr. Holt’s resignation. The average tenure of Big Lot’s eight
 non-executive directors will reach 11 years in 2014. We urge
shareholders to vote FOR this proposal. BOARD OF DIRECTORS’ STATEMENT IN
OPPOSITION TO SHAREHOLDER PROPOSAL The Board recommends that shareholders
vote AGAINST this “proxy access” proposal because it believes that (1) proxy
access interferes with effective corporate governance and has adverse
consequences, (2) our corporate governance structure and applicable laws already
provide the means for significant shareholder input, (3) our implementation of
numerous corporate governance and executive compensation measures demonstrates
our responsiveness to shareholders and provides several mechanisms that protect
shareholder rights and (4) we regularly engage in dialogue with our shareholders
and are committed to ensuring their views are represented in the
boardroom. Proxy access is a flawed procedure
designed to facilitate company-financed proxy contests in director elections,
pitting the Board’s nominees against one or more shareholder-nominated
candidates who may represent narrowly-focused special interests rather than the
interests of all of the company’s shareholders. For the reasons set forth below,
we believe proxy access is unnecessary, would adversely affect Big Lots and is
not in the best interests of our shareholders. Proxy Access Interferes with
Effective Corporate Governance The Board believes that proxy access
interferes with effective corporate governance and has the following adverse
consequences: Promotes the Influence of Special
Interests . The proponents desire to allow a
shareholder (such as a labor union or public pension fund) with a
narrowly-focused special interest to use the proxy process to promote a specific
agenda rather than the interests of all shareholders and thereby create the very
real risk of politicizing the Board election process at virtually no cost to the
proponent. The nomination of a candidate through the proponent’s proxy access
proposal would convert each such Board election into a contested election in
which the proposed director nominee would only need to win a plurality of votes
to be elected. The nomination and election of a director who represents a
shareholder focused on a narrow special interest risks disrupting the Board and
favoring the short-term interests of a few rather than the long-term interests
of all shareholders. Bypasses and Undermines our Current
Director Nominating Process . The proponents’
proxy access proposal seeks to bypass and undermine the Board’s current process
for identifying, screening and selecting director nominees. An effective board
is comprised of individuals with diverse and complementary skills, experiences
and perspectives. Our independent Nominating / Corporate Governance Committee
and our Board are best situated to assess the particular qualifications of
potential director nominees and determine whether they will contribute to an
effective and well-rounded Board that operates openly and collaboratively and
represents the interests of all shareholders, not just those with special
interests. The Nominating / Corporate Governance
Committee has developed criteria and a process for identifying and recommending
director nominees for election by our shareholders (which are described above in
the “Governance — Selection of Nominees by the Board” section of this Proxy
Statement). This process is carefully designed to identify director nominees who
possess a combination of skills, professional experiences and diversity of
backgrounds necessary to oversee our business and who can contribute to the
overall effectiveness of our Board. The Committee also carefully reviews and
considers the independence of potential nominees. As part of this process, the
Committee considers and evaluates potential nominees recommended by our
shareholders using the same criteria as nominees recommended by a Board member,
management, search firm or other source. As a result, shareholders already have
a voice in this process and the ability to recommend prospective nominees for
consideration by the Committee. Proxy access bypasses and undermines our current
director nominating process by placing directly into nomination candidates who
may fail to satisfy the independence or other qualifications established by the
Nominating / Corporate Governance Committee and the Board or who may fail to
contribute to the mix of needed experiences and perspectives. - 77 - Results in an Inexperienced, Fragmented
and Unstable Board . Proxy access may lead to
an inexperienced, fragmented and unstable Board that is less efficient and less
focused on creating long-term value for our shareholders. With proxy access,
contested director elections may become an annual event. The Board believes that
the divisive proxy contests that may result from contested director elections
(1) would distract the Board and management from their duties and
responsibilities, (2) may encourage management to employ a more short-term focus
and (3) would cause high annual turnover on the Board. High turnover on the
Board could produce an inexperienced Board that lacks the sufficient knowledge
and understanding of our current and past business necessary to provide
meaningful and effective oversight of our operations and long-term strategies.
Similarly, our management and directors would be required to divert their
attention from managing and overseeing our business to focusing on proxy
contests in the election of directors. Moreover, a director elected by one
shareholder group in one year may face successful opposition from a director
nominated by another shareholder group in a subsequent year, which would further
destabilize the Board. Any disruption in the cohesiveness of the Board could
result in additional director turnover and discourage highly qualified
individuals from serving on the Board. Increases and Inequitably Allocates
Proxy Expenses . The proponents’ proxy access
proposal would create an uneven playing field by facilitating expensive and
disruptive proxy contests in which we would bear substantial additional expense
while shareholders would need to expend little resources to promote their
nominee(s). Big Lots already bears the significant expense of filing and
distributing its own proxy materials. Proxy access would require Big Lots to
also include shareholder nominee(s) in its proxy materials. This requirement
would enable shareholders to impose on Big Lots a substantial portion (if not
all) of the expenses associated with soliciting proxies for their nominee(s).
Additionally, in a proxy contest, the Board would likely undertake an additional
and expensive campaign to support its nominees and inform shareholders why the
shareholder nominee(s) should not be elected. The United States Court of Appeals
for the District of Columbia invalidated the SEC’s proxy access rule precisely
because the Court determined that the SEC did not adequately assess the expenses
and distractions resulting from proxy contests. In the absence of proxy access, the
playing field is level, as shareholders also need to undertake the expense of
soliciting proxies for their nominee(s). The Board believes that the current SEC
proxy rules more equitably allocate proxy solicitation expenses. Furthermore,
the Board does not believe there is any legitimate reason why shareholders
holding three percent (3%) of our outstanding Common Shares (which would
constitute more than $66,067,089 in value as of the record date for the Annual
Meeting) should not bear the expense of soliciting proxies for their
nominee(s). Our Corporate Governance Structure
Provides a Means for Significant Shareholder Input The Board believes that our existing
corporate governance structure and applicable laws provide the means for
significant shareholder input, and thus eliminate the need for the proponents’
proxy access proposal. The various means by which shareholders may provide input
include: the procedures that allow our shareholders to
 propose to our Nominating / Corporate Governance Committee nominees for election as directors (see the “Governance —
 Selection of Nominees by the Board” section of
 this Proxy Statement for a description of these procedures); a process that enables our shareholders to
 communicate directly with the Board and individual directors and requires the Board to review correspondence it receives
 from our shareholders (see the “Governance —
 Communications with the Board” section of this Proxy Statement for a
 description of this process); the SEC’s proxy rules provide shareholders with
 the opportunity to solicit proxies for their own nominees for election as directors; the SEC’s proxy rules provide shareholders with
 the ability to present proposals at our annual meeting of shareholders and include shareholder proposals in the proxy
 materials for our annual meeting of shareholders (see the “Shareholder Proposals” section of this Proxy
 Statement for a description of the requirements
 of these rules); the annual election of all of our directors;
 and an annual advisory vote on executive compensation,
 which provides our shareholders with the opportunity each year to express their views regarding our executive
 compensation program. - 78 - We Have Implemented Numerous
Corporate Governance and Executive Compensation Measures The Board believes that its implementation
of the following governance and executive compensation measures demonstrates its
responsiveness to shareholders and provides several mechanisms that protect
shareholder rights. As a result, the adoption of proxy access is unnecessary at
this time: we significantly reduced the compensation of our
 current CEO (hired in 2013) compared to the compensation of our prior CEO – for example: – | the grant date value of the equity awards made to our current CEO in 2013 was approximately $6,400,000 less than the grant date value of the equity awards made to our prior CEO in 2012,
– | the base salary of our current CEO was $900,000 for 2013 compared to our prior CEO’s base salary of $1,400,000 for 2012, and
– | the target and maximum bonus payout percentages for our current CEO were 100% and 200% of base salary, respectively, for 2013 compared to target and maximum bonus payout percentages for our prior CEO of 120% and 240% of base salary, respectively, for 2012; the Board appointed an independent, non-executive
 chairman in May 2013; all of our directors are independent, other than
 our CEO; in 2013, we added a claw-back provision that
 enables us in certain circumstances to recover compensation paid to the named executive officers with employment
 agreements; in 2013, we eliminated certain excise tax
 reimbursements previously provided to those named executive officers with employment agreements; we employ a majority voting standard in
 uncontested elections (see the “Governance — Majority Vote Policy and Standard” section of this Proxy Statement);
 and we have not adopted a “poison
pill.” We Regularly Engage in Dialogue with
our Shareholders In addition to regular communication with
major shareholders, the Board has responded to the results of our recent
“say-on-pay” votes with extensive shareholder engagement efforts, including
extending invitations to discuss our executive compensation program to
shareholders who beneficially owned in the aggregate nearly half of our
outstanding common shares (See the “Overview of Our Executive Compensation
Program — 2013 Annual Meeting Results and Shareholder Engagement” section of
this Proxy Statement for a description of our shareholder engagement
efforts). * * * * * The Board believes that its current
process for identifying, screening and selecting candidates for election as
directors has developed an effective and well-rounded Board that operates openly
and collaboratively and represents the interests of all our shareholders. We
believe that replacing our current process with proxy access could be disruptive
and harmful to the operations of the Board and, as a result, our shareholders.
In summary, we believe proxy access is unnecessary, would adversely affect Big
Lots and is not in the best interests of our shareholders. THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS RECOMMENDS THAT
YOU VOTE AGAINST THE SHAREHOLDER PROPOSAL REGARDING PROXY
ACCESS. SHAREHOLDER PROPOSALS Any proposals of shareholders which are
intended to be presented at our 2015 annual meeting of shareholders must be
received by our Corporate Secretary at our corporate offices on or before
December 16, 2014 to be eligible for inclusion in our 2015 proxy statement and
form of proxy. Such proposals must be submitted in accordance with Rule 14a-8 of
the Exchange Act. If a shareholder intends to present a proposal at our 2015
annual meeting of shareholders without inclusion of that proposal in our 2015
proxy materials and written notice of the proposal is - 79 - not received by our Corporate Secretary at
our corporate offices on or before March 1, 2015, or if we meet other
requirements of the SEC rules, proxies solicited by the Board for our 2015
annual meeting of shareholders will confer discretionary authority on the proxy
holders named therein to vote on the proposal at the meeting. ANNUAL REPORT ON FORM
10-K Our Form 10-K is included with this Proxy
Statement in our 2013 Annual Report to Shareholders. Shareholders may also
receive a copy of our Form 10-K without charge by writing to: Investor
Relations, Big Lots, Inc., 300 Phillipi Road, Columbus, Ohio 43228-5311. Our
Form 10-K may also be accessed in the Investor Relations section of our website
(www.biglots.com) under the “SEC Filings” caption. PROXY SOLICITATION
COSTS This solicitation of proxies is made by
and on behalf of the Board. In addition to mailing the Notice of Internet
Availability (or, if applicable, paper copies of this Proxy Statement, the
Notice of Annual Meeting of Shareholders and the proxy card) to shareholders of
record on the record date, the brokers and banks holding our common shares for
beneficial holders must, at our expense, provide our proxy materials to persons
for whom they hold our common shares in order that such common shares may be
voted. Solicitation may also be made by our officers and regular employees
personally or by telephone, mail or electronic mail. Officers and employees who
assist with solicitation will not receive any additional compensation. The cost
of the solicitation will be borne by us. We have also retained Georgeson Inc. to
aid in the solicitation of proxies for a fee estimated to be $6,500, plus
reasonable out-of-pocket expenses. OTHER MATTERS As of the date of this Proxy Statement, we
know of no business that will be presented for consideration at the Annual
Meeting other than as referred to in Proposal One, Proposal Two, Proposal Three,
Proposal Four, Proposal Five, and Proposal Six above. If any other matter is
properly brought before the Annual Meeting for action by shareholders, common
shares represented by proxies returned to us and not revoked will be voted on
such matter in accordance with the recommendations of the Board. By order of the Board of
Directors, RONALD D. PARISOTTO Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Corporate
Secretary April 15, 2014 Columbus,
Ohio - 80 - APPENDIX A BIG LOTS
2012 LONG-TERM INCENTIVE PLAN
AMENDED AND RESTATED
EFFECTIVE MAY 2 9 3 , 201 4 2 CONTENTS Article 1. Establishment, Purpose, and Duration | A-2 3
Article 2. Definitions | A-2 3
Article 3. Administration | A-7 9
Article 4. Shares Subject to this Plan and Award Limitations | A-8 10
Article 5. Eligibility and Participation | A-9 12
Article 6. Options | A-10 12
Article 7. Stock Appreciation Rights | A-11 13
Article 8. Restricted Stock and Restricted Stock Units | A-12 14
Article 9. Deferred Stock Units | A-13 16
Article 10. Performance Shares, Performance Share Units, and Performance Units | A-14 17
Article 11. Cash-Based Awards and Other Stock-Based Awards | A-15 18
Article 12. Nonemployee Director Awards | A-15 18
Article 13. Qualified Performance-Based Awards and Performance Measures | A-15 18
Article 14. Transferability of Awards | A-20 2423
Article 15. Impact of Termination of Employment or Service on Awards | A-20 2423
Article 16. Substitution Awards | A-21 2524
Article 17. Dividend-Equivalent Rights | A-21 25
Article 18. Beneficiary Designation | A-21 25
Article 19. Rights of Participants | A-21 2625
Article 20. Change in Control | A-22 26
Article 21. Amendment, Modification, Suspension, and Termination | A-23 27
Article 22. Withholding | A-23 2827
Article 23. Successors | A-24 28
Article 24. General Provisions | A-24 2928 A - 1 Big Lots 2012 Long-Term Incentive
Plan ARTICLE 1. ESTABLISHMENT, PURPOSE, AND DURATION 1.1
Establishment . Big Lots, Inc., an Ohio
corporation (hereinafter referred to as the “Company”), establishes an incentive
compensation plan to be known as the Big Lots 2012 Long-Term Incentive Plan
(hereinafter referred to as the “Plan”), as set forth in this
document. This Plan permits the grant of
Nonqualified Stock Options, Incentive Stock Options, Stock Appreciation Rights,
Restricted Stock, Restricted Stock Units, Deferred Stock Units, Performance
Shares, Performance Share Units, Performance Units, Cash-Based Awards, and Other
Stock-Based Awards. This Plan became effective on May 23, 2012 (the “Effective Date”) and this
restatement shall become effective upon shareholder approval (the
“ Restatement Effective Date”) and shall remain in effect as provided in
Section 1.3 ( Establishment, Purposes, and
Duration / Duration of this Plan )
hereof. 1.2 Purpose of this
Plan . This Plan is intended to promote
the Company’s long-term financial success by motivating performance through
incentive compensation and to encourage Participants to acquire ownership
interests in the Company. This Plan is also intended to provide a means whereby
Employees, Directors, and Third Party Service Providers of the Company develop a
sense of proprietorship and personal involvement in the development and
financial success of the Company, and to encourage them to devote their best
efforts to the business of the Company, thereby advancing the interests of the
Company and its shareholders. A further purpose of this Plan is to provide a
means through which the Company and its Affiliates may attract able individuals
to become Employees or serve as Directors or Third Party Service Providers of
the Company and its Affiliates and to provide a means whereby those individuals
upon whom the responsibilities of the successful administration and management
of the Company are of importance, can acquire and maintain stock ownership,
thereby strengthening their concern for the welfare of the Company. 1.3 Duration of this
Plan . Unless sooner terminated as
provided herein, this Plan shall terminate ten (10) years from the Effective
Date. After this Plan is terminated, no Awards may be granted but Awards
previously granted shall remain outstanding in accordance with their applicable
terms and conditions and this Plan’s terms and conditions. Notwithstanding the
foregoing, no Incentive Stock Options may be granted more than ten (10) years
after the earlier of (a) adoption of this Plan by the Board, or (b) the
Effective Date. 1.4 No More Grants Under Prior
Plan . After the Effective Date, no more
grants will be made under the Prior Plan. ARTICLE 2. DEFINITIONS Whenever used in this Plan, the following
terms shall have the meanings set forth below, and when the meaning is intended,
the initial letter of the word shall be capitalized. 2.1 “Affiliate” shall mean (a) in the case of an ISO, a “parent
corporation” or a “subsidiary corporation” of the Company, as those terms are
defined in Code Sections 424(e) and (f), respectively; and (b) in all other
cases, any other entity regardless of its form (including, but not limited to, a
partnership or a limited liability company) that directly or indirectly
controls, is controlled by or is under common control with, the Company within
the meaning of Code Section 414(b), as modified by Code Section 409A. 2.2 “Annual Award
Limit” or “Annual Award Limits” have the meaning
set forth in Section 4.3 ( Shares Subject to
this Plan and Award Limitations/Annual Award Limits ). 2.3 “Award” means, individually or collectively, a grant under this Plan
of Nonqualified Stock Options, Incentive Stock Options, Stock Appreciation
Rights, Restricted Stock, Restricted Stock Units, Deferred Stock Units,
Performance Shares, Performance Share Units, Performance Units, Cash-Based
Awards, or
Other Stock-Based Awards, in each case subject to the terms of this Plan. At the
Committee’s discretion, an Award may be granted as a Qualified Performance-Based
Award. A - 2 2.4 “Award
Agreement” means either (a) a written
agreement entered into by the Company and a Participant setting forth the terms
and provisions applicable to an Award granted under this Plan, or (b) a written
or electronic statement issued by the Company to a Participant describing the
terms and provisions of such Award, including any amendment or modification
thereof. The Committee may provide for the use of electronic, internet or other
non-paper Award Agreements, and the use of electronic, internet or other
non-paper means for the acceptance thereof and actions thereunder by a
Participant. 2.5 “Beneficial Owner” or “Beneficial Ownership” shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Rule 13d-3 of
the General Rules and Regulations under the Exchange Act. 2.6 “Board” or “Board of Directors” means the Board of Directors of the Company. 2.7 “Cash-Based Award” means an Award, denominated in cash, granted to a Participant as described in
Article 11 ( Cash-Based Awards and Other
Stock-Based Awards ). 2.8 “Change in Control” means any one or more of the following events: (a) Any
person or group (as defined for purposes of Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act)
becomes the beneficial owner, directly or indirectly, of 20 percent or more of
the outstanding equity securities of the Company entitled to vote for the
election of directors; (b) A
majority of the members of the Board of Directors then in office is replaced
within any period of two years or less by directors not nominated and approved
by a majority of the directors in office at the beginning of such period (or
their successors so nominated and approved), or a majority of the Board of
Directors at any date consists of persons not so nominated and approved;
or (c) The
consummation of a merger or consolidation with another entity or the sale or
other disposition of all or substantially all of the Company’s assets
(including, without limitation, a plan of liquidation), which has been approved
by shareholders of the Company. Provided,
however, the other provisions of this Section 2.8 ( Definitions/Change in Control )
notwithstanding, the term “Change in Control” shall not mean any merger,
consolidation, reorganization, or other transaction in which the Company
exchanges or offers to exchange newly-issued or treasury Common Shares
representing 20 percent or more, but less than 50 percent, of the outstanding
equity securities of the Company entitled to vote for the election of directors,
for 51 percent or more of the outstanding equity securities entitled to vote for
the election of at least the majority of the directors of a corporation other
than the Company or an Affiliate (the “Acquired Corporation”), or for all or
substantially all of the assets of the Acquired Corporation. Provided further, if a Change in Control constitutes a payment event with
respect to any Award that provides for the deferral of compensation and is
subject to Code Section 409A, payments to be made upon a Change in Control shall
only be made upon a “change in control event” within the meaning of Code Section
409A. 2.9 “Code” means the U.S.
Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended from time to time. For purposes of
this Plan, references to sections of the Code shall be deemed to include
references to any applicable rules, regulations, and authoritative
interpretations thereunder and any successor or similar provision. 2.10 “Committee” means
the Compensation Committee of the Board or such other committee to which the
Board assigns the responsibility of administering this Plan. The Committee shall
consist of at least three members of the Board, each of whom may serve on the
Committee only if the Board determines that he or she (a) is a “Non-employee
Director” for purposes of Rule 16b-3 under the Exchange Act, (b) satisfies the
requirements of an “outside director” for purposes of Code Section 162(m), and
(c) qualifies as “independent” in accordance with applicable stock exchange
listing standards. The members of the Committee shall be appointed from time to
time by and shall serve at the discretion of the Board. If the Committee does
not exist or cannot function for any reason, the members of the Board that each
satisfy the requirements of an “outside director” for purposes of Code Section
162(m) may take any action under the Plan that would otherwise be the
responsibility of the Committee. 2.11 “Company” means Big
Lots, Inc., an Ohio corporation, and any successor thereto as provided in
Article 23 ( Successors ) herein. A - 3 2.12 “Covered
Employee” means any key Employee who is or may
become a “Covered Employee,” as defined in Code Section 162(m), and who is
designated, either as an individual Employee or class of Employees, by the
Committee as a “Covered Employee” under this Plan on or before the Final
Pre-Establishment Date. 2.13 “Deferred Annual Amount” has the meaning set forth in Section 9.1 ( Deferred Stock Units/In General ). 2.14 “Deferred Stock Unit” means a Participant’s contractual right to receive a stated number of
Shares or, if provided by the Committee on the Grant Date, cash equal to the
Fair Market Value of such Shares, under the Plan at the end of a specified
period of time or upon the occurrence of a specified event, as further described
in Section 9.1 ( Deferred Stock Units/In
General ). 2.15 “Deferral Election Form” has the meaning set forth in Section 9.1 ( Deferred Stock Units/In General ). 2.16 “Director” means any
individual who is a member of the Board of Directors of the Company or the board
of directors of any Affiliate of the Company. 2.17 “Disability” means: (a) With
respect to ISOs, as that term is defined in Code Section 22(e)(3); (b) If
Disability constitutes a payment event with respect to any Award that is subject
to Code Section 409A, Disability shall mean, unless the Committee determines
otherwise in accordance with Code Section 409A, that the Participant is (i)
unable to engage in any substantial gainful activity by reason of any medically
determinable physical or mental impairment which can be expected to result in
death or can be expected to last for a continuous period of not less than twelve
(12) months, (ii) by reason of any readily determinable physical or mental
impairment which can be expected to result in death or can be expected to last
for a continuous period of not less than twelve (12) months, receiving income
replacement benefits for a period of at least three (3) months under an accident
and health plan covering employees of the Participant’s employer, or (iii)
determined to be totally disabled by the Social Security Administration or the
Railroad Retirement Board; and (c) Unless
the Committee determines otherwise, with respect to any other Award, a physical
or mental condition that, for more than six (6) consecutive months, renders the
Participant incapable, with reasonable accommodation, of performing his or her
assigned duties on a full-time basis. 2.18 “Dividend-Equivalent Right” means the right to receive an amount, calculated with respect to a Full
Value Award, which is determined by multiplying the number of Shares subject to
the applicable Award by the per-Share cash dividend, or the per-Share Fair
Market Value (as determined by the Committee) of any dividend in consideration
other than cash, paid by the Company on Shares. 2.19 “Effective Date” has
the meaning set forth in Section 1.1 ( Establishment, Purpose, and Duration/ Establishment ). 2.20 “Elective Deferred Stock Units” has the meaning set forth in Section 9.1 ( Deferred Stock Units/In General ). 2.21 “Eligible Individual” means an individual who is an Employee, Director, and/or Third Party
Service Provider. 2.22 “Employee” means any
employee of the Company or any of its Affiliates. 2.23 “Exchange Act” means
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended from time to time, or any
successor act thereto. 2.24 “Exercise Price” means the price at which a Share may be purchased by a Participant pursuant to
an Option. 2.25 “Fair Market Value” or “FMV” means a price that is equal to the opening, closing, actual, high, low,
or average selling prices of a Share reported on the New York Stock Exchange
(“NYSE”) or other established stock exchange (or exchanges) on the applicable
date, the preceding trading day, the next succeeding trading day, or an average
of trading days, as determined by the Committee and, to the extent applicable,
in a manner consistent A - 4 with Code Section 409A. Unless the
Committee determines otherwise, Fair Market Value shall be deemed to be equal to
the average of the reported opening and closing prices of a Share on the most
recent date on which Shares were publicly traded. In the event Shares are not
publicly traded at the time a determination of their value is required to be
made hereunder, the determination of their Fair Market Value shall be made by
the Committee in such manner as it deems appropriate taking into account all
information material to the value of the Company within the meaning of Code
Section 409A. 2.26 “Final
Pre-Establishment Date” means the last day a
performance goal is considered pre-established under Code Section 162(m). As of
the Effective Date, a performance goal shall be considered pre-established under
Code Section 162(m) if the Committee establishes the performance goal within
ninety (90) days after the commencement of the period of service to which the
performance goal relates, or, in any event, no later than twenty-five percent
(25%) of the period of service to which the performance goal relates has
elapsed; provided that the outcome of the performance goal is substantially
uncertain at the time the Committee establishes the performance goal. 2.27 “Full Value Award” means an Award other than an ISO, NQSO, or SAR, which is settled by the
issuance of Shares. 2.28 “Grant Date” means
the later of (a) the date the Committee establishes the terms of an Award, or
(b) any later date specified in the Award Agreement. In no event may the Grant
Date be earlier than the Effective Date. 2.29 “Grant Price” means
the price established at the time of grant of an SAR pursuant to Article 7
( Stock Appreciation Rights ), used to determine whether there is any payment due upon
exercise of the SAR. 2.30 “Incentive Stock Option” or “ISO” means an Option to purchase Shares granted under Article 6
( Options )
to an Employee and that is designated as an Incentive Stock Option and that
meets the rules and requirements of Code Section 422, or any successor
provision. 2.31 “Insider” shall mean
an individual who is, on the relevant date, an officer, or Director of the
Company or an Affiliate, or a more than ten percent (10%) Beneficial Owner of
any class of the Company’s equity securities that is registered pursuant to
Section 12 of the Exchange Act, as determined by the Board in accordance with
Section 16 of the Exchange Act. 2.32 “Nonemployee Director” means a Director who is not an Employee. 2.33 “Nonemployee Director Award” means any Award granted to a Nonemployee Director as described
in Article 12 ( Nonemployee Director
Awards ). 2.34 “Nonqualified Stock Option” or “NQSO” means an Option that is not intended to meet the requirements of Code
Section 422, or that otherwise does not meet such requirements. 2.35 “Option” means an
Incentive Stock Option or a Nonqualified Stock Option, as described in Article 6
( Options ). 2.36 “Other Stock-Based Award” means an equity-based or equity-related Award not otherwise described by
the terms of this Plan, granted pursuant to Article 11 ( Cash-Based Awards and Other Stock-Based Awards ). 2.37 “Participant” means
any Eligible Individual as set forth in Article 5 ( Eligibility and Participation ) to whom
an Award is granted. 2.38 “Performance Measures” means business criteria or measures as described in Article 13
( Qualified Performance-Based Awards and
Performance Measures ) on which the
performance goals are based and which are approved by the Company’s shareholders
pursuant to this Plan in order to qualify Awards for the exception for qualified
performance-based compensation of Code Section 162(m). 2.39 “Performance Period” means the period of time during which the performance goals must be met in order
to determine the degree of payout and/or vesting with respect to an
Award. A - 5 2.40
“Performance Share” means a grant of a stated
number of Shares to a Participant under the Plan that is forfeitable by the
Participant until the attainment of specified performance goals, or until
otherwise determined by the Committee or in accordance with the Plan, subject to
the continuous employment of the Participant through the applicable Performance
Period. 2.41 “Performance Share
Unit” means a Participant’s contractual
right to receive a stated number of Shares or, if provided by the Committee on
or after the Grant Date, cash equal to the Fair Market Value of such Shares,
under the Plan at a specified time that is forfeitable by the Participant until
the attainment of specified performance goals, or until otherwise determined by
the Committee or in accordance with the Plan, subject to the continuous
employment of the Participant through the applicable Performance Period. 2.42 “Performance Unit” means a Participant’s contractual right
to receive a cash-denominated award, payable in cash or Shares, under the Plan
at a specified time that is forfeitable by the Participant until the attainment
of specified performance goals, or until otherwise determined by the Committee
or in accordance with the Plan, subject to the continuous employment of the
Participant through the applicable Performance Period. 2.43 “Person” shall have the meaning ascribed to such
term in Section 3(a)(9) of the Exchange Act and used in Sections 13(d) and 14(d)
thereof, including a “group” as defined in Section 13(d) thereof. 2.44
“Plan” means the Big Lots 2012
Long-Term Incentive Plan. 2.45 “Plan Year” means the Company’s fiscal
year . 2.46 “Prior
Plan” means the Big Lots 2005 Long-Term
Incentive Plan, as amended and restated, effective May 27, 2010. 2.47 “Qualified Performance-Based Awards” means compensation under an Award that is intended to satisfy the
requirements of Code Section 162(m) for certain performance-based compensation
paid to Covered Employees. Notwithstanding the foregoing, nothing in this Plan
shall be construed to mean that an Award which does not satisfy the requirements
for performance-based compensation under Code Section 162(m) does not constitute
performance-based compensation for other purposes. 2.47 2.48 “Restatement Effective Date” has the meaning set forth in Section 1.1 (Establishment, Purpose, and
Duration/Establishment). 2.48 2.49 “Restricted Stock ” means an Award
granted to a Participant pursuant to Article 8 ( Restricted Stock and Restricted Stock Units ). 2.49 2.50 “Restricted Stock Unit” means an
Award granted to a Participant pursuant to Article 8 ( Restricted Stock and Restricted Stock Units ), except no Shares are actually awarded to the Participant on the Grant
Date. 2.50 2.51 “Restriction Period” means the period
when Restricted Stock, Restricted Stock Units, Deferred Stock Units and/or Other
Stock-Based Awards are subject to a substantial risk of forfeiture (based on the
passage of time, the achievement of performance goals, or upon the occurrence of
other events as determined by the Committee, in its discretion). 2.51 2.52 “Share” means a common share of the
Company, par value $.01 per share (as such par value may be amended from time to
time), whether presently or hereafter issued, and any other stock or security
resulting from adjustment thereof as described hereinafter, or a share of common
stock of any successor pursuant to Article 23 ( Successors ). 2.52 2.53 “Share Authorization” has the
meaning set forth in Section 4.1(a) ( Shares
Subject to this Plan and Award Limitations/Share Authorization ). 2.53 2.54 “Stock Appreciation Right” or
“ SAR ” means
an Award, designated as an SAR, pursuant to the terms of Article 7
( Stock Appreciation Rights) herein. 2.54 2.55 “Termination of Employment or Service” means the occurrence of any act or event that causes a Participant to
cease being an employee of the Company and any Affiliate, including, without
limitation, death, Disability, dismissal, severance at the election of the
Participant, or severance as a result of the discontinuance, liquidation, sale,
or transfer by the Company or its Affiliates of a business owned or operated by
the Company or A-6 any Affiliate. With respect to any
Participant who is not an employee of the Company or any Affiliate, the Award
Agreement shall establish what act or event shall constitute a Termination of
Employment or Service for purposes of this Plan. A Termination of Employment or
Service shall occur with respect to a Participant who is employed by an
Affiliate if the Affiliate shall cease to be an Affiliate and the Participant
shall not immediately thereafter become an employee of the Company or an
Affiliate. Notwithstanding the foregoing, as described in Section 15.4
( Impact of Termination of Employment or
Service on Awards/Change in Participant Status ), no Termination of Employment or Service shall occur if the Participant
continues to be an Employee, Director, or Third Party Service Provider after
such termination. Provided, however, if a Termination of Employment or Service
constitutes a payment event with respect to any Award that provides for the
deferral of compensation and is subject to Code Section 409A, payments to be
made upon a Termination of Employment or Service shall only be made upon a
“separation from service” within the meaning of Code Section 409A. 2.55 2.56 “Third Party Service Provider” means any
consultant, agent, advisor, or independent contractor who renders services to
the Company or an Affiliate pursuant to a written agreement that (a) are not in
connection with the offer and sale of the Company’s securities in a capital
raising transaction, and (b) do not directly or indirectly promote or maintain a
market for the Company’s securities. ARTICLE 3. ADMINISTRATION 3.1 General . The
Committee shall be responsible for administering this Plan, subject to this
Article 3 ( Administration ) and the other provisions of this Plan. The Committee may
employ attorneys, consultants, accountants, agents, and other individuals, any
of whom may be an Employee, and the Committee, the Company, and its officers and
Directors shall be entitled to rely upon the advice, opinions, or valuations of
any such individuals. All actions taken and all interpretations and
determinations made by the Committee shall be final and binding upon the
Participants, the Company, and all other interested individuals. 3.2 Authority of the Committee . The Committee shall have full and exclusive discretionary power to
interpret the terms and the intent of this Plan and any Award Agreement or other
agreement or document ancillary to or in connection with this Plan, to determine
eligibility for Awards and to adopt such rules, regulations, forms, instruments,
and guidelines for administering this Plan as the Committee may deem necessary
or proper. Such authority shall include, but not be limited to, (a) selecting
Participants, (b) establishing all Award terms and conditions, including the
terms and conditions set forth in Award Agreements and any ancillary document or
materials, (c) granting Awards as an alternative to or as the form of payment
for grants or rights earned or due under compensation plans or arrangements of
the Company, (d) construing any ambiguous provision of the Plan or any Award
Agreement, (e) establishing performance goals, and for Qualified
Performance-Based Awards, establishing and certifying satisfaction of
performance goals in accordance with the requirements of Code Section 162(m),
(f) subject to Article 21 ( Amendment,
Modification, Suspension, and Termination ),
adopting modifications and amendments to this Plan or any Award Agreement,
including without limitation, any that are necessary to comply with the laws of
the countries and other jurisdictions in which the Company or its Affiliates
operate, and (g) making any other determination and taking any other action that
it deems necessary or desirable for the administration or operation of the Plan
and/or any Award Agreement. 3.3 Delegation . The
Committee may delegate to one or more of its members or to one or more officers
of the Company or its Affiliates or to one or more agents or advisors such
administrative duties or powers as it may deem advisable, and the Committee or
any individuals to whom it has delegated duties or powers as aforesaid may
employ one or more individuals to render advice with respect to any
responsibility the Committee or such individuals may have under this Plan.
Subject to applicable law, the Committee may authorize one or more officers of
the Company to do one or more of the following on the same basis as can the
Committee: (a) designate Employees to be recipients of Awards; (b) designate Third Party
Service Providers to be recipients of Awards; and (c) determine the size of and
make any such Awards; provided, however, (i) the Committee shall not delegate
such responsibilities to any such officer for Awards granted to a Nonemployee
Director or an Employee who is considered an Insider; (ii) the Committee shall
not delegate any duties required to be taken by the Committee to comply with
Code Section 162(m); and (iii) the officer(s) shall report periodically to the
Committee regarding the nature and scope of the Awards granted pursuant to the
authority delegated. A-7 ARTICLE 4. SHARES SUBJECT TO THIS PLAN AND AWARD LIMITATIONS 4.1 Number of
Shares Available for Awards . (a) | Share Authorization . Subject to adjustment as provided in Section 4.4 ( Shares Subject to this Plan and Award Limitations/Adjustments in Authorized Shares) herein, the maximum number of Shares available for grant to Participants under this Plan (the “Share Authorization”) shall be:
(i) | seven million seven hundred fifty thousand (7,750,000) Shares, plus
(ii) | any Shares subject to the 4,702,362 outstanding awards as of March 15, 2012 under the Prior Plan that on or after March 15, 2012 cease for any reason to be subject to such awards (other than by reason of exercise or settlement of the awards to the extent they are exercised for or settled in vested and nonforfeitable Shares).
(b) | Limit on Full Value Awards . To the extent that a Share is issued pursuant to the grant or exercise of a Full Value Award, it shall reduce the Share Authorization by two and fifteen one-hundredths (2.15) Shares; and, to the extent that a Share is issued pursuant to the grant or exercise of an Award other than a Full Value Award, it shall reduce the Share Authorization by one (1) Share.
(c) | Limits on ISOs . The maximum number of Shares of the Share Authorization that may be issued pursuant to the exercise of ISOs granted under this Plan shall be seven million seven hundred fifty thousand (7,750,000) Shares.
(d) | Minimum Vesting Requirements for Awards . Except with respect to a maximum of five percent (5%) of the Share Authorization, any Full Value Awards which vest on the basis of the Participant’s continued employment with or provision of service to the Company shall not provide for vesting which is any more rapid than annual pro rata vesting over a three (3) year period, and any Full Value Awards which vest upon the attainment of performance goals shall provide for a performance period of at least twelve (12) months. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Committee may permit acceleration of vesting of such Full Value Awards in the event of the Participant’s death, Disability, or retirement, or a Change in Control. The Committee shall, in its sole discretion, determine the vesting schedule, if any, that will apply to Awards that are not Full Value Awards. 4.2 Share Usage . Subject
to the terms of this Plan, Shares covered by an Award shall only be counted as
used to the extent they are actually issued. Any Shares related to Awards which
(a) terminate by expiration, forfeiture, cancellation, or otherwise without the
issuance of such Shares, (b) are settled in cash in lieu of Shares, or (c) are
exchanged with the Committee’s permission prior to the issuance of Shares for
Awards not involving Shares, shall be available again for grant under this Plan.
Shares which are (i) not issued or delivered as a result of the net settlement
of an Option or Share-settled SAR, (ii) withheld to satisfy tax withholding
obligations on an Option or SAR issued under the Plan, (iii) tendered to pay the
Exercise Price of an Option or the Grant Price of a Stock Appreciation Right
under the Plan, or (iv) repurchased on the open market with the proceeds of an
Option exercise will no longer be eligible to be again available for grant under
this Plan. To the extent permitted by applicable law or stock exchange rule,
Shares issued in assumption of, or in substitution for, any outstanding awards
of any entity acquired in any form of combination by the Company or any
Affiliate shall not be counted against Shares available for grant pursuant to
the Plan. The Shares available for issuance under this Plan may be authorized
and unissued Shares or treasury Shares. 4.3 Annual Award Limits .
The following limits (each an “Annual Award Limit” and, collectively, “Annual
Award Limits”), as adjusted pursuant to Section 4.4 ( Shares Subject to this Plan and Award Limitations/Adjustments in
Authorized Shares) and/or Section 21.2
( Amendment, Modification, Suspension, and
Termination/Adjustment of Awards Upon the Occurrence of Certain Unusual or
Nonrecurring Events ), shall apply to grants
of such Awards under this Plan: (a) | Options : The maximum aggregate number of Shares subject to Options granted in any one Plan Year to any one Participant shall be two million (2,000,000). A - 8 (b) | SARs : The maximum number of Shares subject to Stock Appreciation Rights granted in any one Plan Year to any one Participant shall be two million (2,000,000).
(c) | Restricted Stock : The maximum aggregate grant with respect to Awards of Restricted Stock in any one Plan Year to any one Participant shall be one million (1,000,000).
(d) | Restricted Stock Units : The maximum aggregate grant with respect to Awards of Restricted Stock Units in any one Plan Year to any one Participant shall be one million (1,000,000).
(e) | Deferred Stock Units : The maximum aggregate grant with respect to Awards of Deferred Stock Units in any one Plan Year to any one Participant shall be one million (1,000,000).
(f) | Performance Shares, Performance Share Units, or Performance Units : The maximum aggregate Award of Performance Shares, Performance Share Units or Performance Units that a Participant may receive in any one Plan Year shall be one million (1,000,000) Shares, or equal to the value of one million (1,000,000) Shares, determined as of the Grant Date.
(g) | Cash-Based Awards : The maximum aggregate amount awarded or credited with respect to Cash-Based Awards to any one Participant in any one Plan Year may not exceed the greater of seven million dollars ($7,000,000) or the value of one million (1,000,000) Shares, determined as of the Grant Date.
(h) | Other Stock-Based Awards : The maximum aggregate grant with respect to Other Stock-Based Awards pursuant to Section 11.2 ( Cash-Based Awards and Other Stock-Based Awards/Other Stock-Based Awards ) in any one Plan Year to any one Participant shall be one million (1,000,000) Shares. 4.4
Adjustments in Authorized Shares . In the
event of any corporate event or transaction (including, but not limited to, a
change in the Shares of the Company or the capitalization of the Company) such
as a merger, consolidation, reorganization, recapitalization, separation,
partial or complete liquidation, stock dividend, special cash dividend, stock
split, reverse stock split, split up, spin-off, or other distribution of stock
or property of the Company, combination of Shares, exchange of Shares, dividend
in kind, or other like change in capital structure, number of outstanding Shares
or distribution (other than normal cash dividends) to shareholders of the
Company, or any similar corporate event or transaction, the Committee, in order
to prevent dilution or enlargement of Participants’ rights under this Plan,
shall substitute or adjust, as applicable, the number and kind of Shares that
may be issued under this Plan or under particular forms of Awards, the number
and kind of Shares subject to outstanding Awards, the Exercise Price or Grant
Price applicable to outstanding Awards, the Annual Award Limits, and other value
determinations applicable to outstanding Awards. Any such adjustment shall be
done in a manner consistent with Code Section 409A and, where applicable, Code
Section 424. The Committee may also make appropriate adjustments in the terms of
any Awards under this Plan to reflect such changes or distributions, including
modifications of performance goals and changes in the length of Performance
Periods as permitted by Code Section 162(m), or as the Committee otherwise
determines. The determination of the Committee as to the foregoing adjustments,
if any, shall be at the discretion of the Committee and shall be conclusive and
binding on Participants under this Plan. Subject to the provisions of Article 21 ( Amendment, Modification, Suspension, and Termination ) and notwithstanding anything else herein to the contrary,
without affecting the number of Shares reserved or available hereunder, the
Committee may authorize the issuance or assumption of benefits under this Plan
in connection with any merger, consolidation, acquisition of property or stock,
or reorganization upon such terms and conditions as it may deem appropriate
(including, but not limited to, a conversion of equity awards into Awards under
this Plan), subject to compliance with the rules under Code Sections 409A, 422
and 424, to the extent applicable. ARTICLE 5. ELIGIBILITY AND PARTICIPATION 5.1 Eligibility .
Individuals eligible to participate in this Plan include all Employees,
Directors, and Third Party Service Providers. 5.2 Actual Participation .
Subject to the provisions of this Plan, the Committee may, from time to time,
select from the Eligible Individuals, those individuals to whom Awards shall be
granted. Awards Grants need not be uniform as among
Participants. A-9 5.3 Conditions of Participation . By
accepting an Award, each Participant agrees in his or her own behalf and in
behalf of his or her beneficiaries (1) to be bound by the terms of the Award
Agreement and the Plan and (2) that the Committee (or the Board) may amend the
Plan and the Award Agreement without any additional consideration to the extent
necessary to avoid penalties arising under Code Section 409A, even if those
amendments reduce, restrict or eliminate rights or Awards granted under the Plan
or an Award Agreement (or both) before those amendments; provided, however, that
the Company or the Committee may (but neither is required to) reimburse an
affected Participant or his or her beneficiary for any diminution in the value
of an Award associated with any such change. ARTICLE 6. OPTIONS 6.1 Grant of Options .
Subject to the terms and provisions of this Plan, Options may be granted to
Eligible Individuals in such number, and upon such terms, and at any time and
from time to time as shall be determined by the Committee; provided that ISOs
may be granted only to Employees of the Company or of any parent or subsidiary
corporation (as permitted under Code Sections 422 and 424). However, unless
legitimate business criteria exist (within the meaning of Treas. Reg. Section
1.409A-1(b)(5)(iii)(E)(1)), an Eligible Individual may only be granted Options
to the extent that such individual provides services to the Company or an
Affiliate of the Company that is part of the Company’s controlled group for
purposes of Code Section 409A. 6.2 Option Award Agreement . Each Option grant shall be evidenced by an Award Agreement that shall
specify the Exercise Price, the term of the Option, the number of Shares to
which the Option pertains, the conditions upon which an Option shall become
vested and exercisable, and such other provisions as the Committee shall
determine which are not inconsistent with the terms of this Plan. The Award
Agreement also shall specify whether the Option is intended to be an ISO or a
NQSO. 6.3 Exercise Price . The
Exercise Price for each grant of an Option shall be determined by the Committee and shall be specified in the Award
Agreement; provided, however, the Exercise Price must be at least equal to (a)
one hundred percent (100%) of the FMV of the Shares as determined on the Grant
Date, or (b) one hundred ten percent (110%) of the FMV of the Shares as
determined on the Grant Date in the case of an ISO granted to an individual who
owns or who is deemed to own shares possessing more than ten percent (10%) of
the total combined voting power of all classes of shares of the Company or any
Affiliate, as determined under Code Section 422. 6.4 Term of Options . Each
Option granted to a Participant shall expire at such time as the Committee shall
determine at the time of grant; provided, however, no Option shall be
exercisable earlier than six (6) months after the Grant Date or later than the
seventh (7 th ) anniversary date of the Grant Date. 6.5 Exercise
of Options . Options granted under this
Article 6 ( Options ) shall be exercisable at such times and be subject to such restrictions
and conditions as the Committee shall in each instance approve, which terms and
restrictions need not be the same for each grant or for each Participant. Options granted under this Article 6 ( Options ) shall be exercised by the
delivery of a notice of exercise to the Company or an agent designated by the
Company in a form specified or accepted by the Committee (setting forth the
number of Shares with respect to which the Option is to be exercised,
accompanied by full payment for the Shares), or by complying with any
alternative exercise procedure(s) the Committee may authorize. 6.6 Payment . A condition
of the issuance of the Shares as to which an Option shall be exercised shall be
the payment of the Exercise Price. The Exercise Price of any Option shall be
payable to the Company in full either: (a) in cash; (b) by tendering (either by
actual delivery or attestation) previously acquired Shares having an aggregate
Fair Market Value at the time of exercise equal to the Exercise Price (provided
that except as otherwise determined by the Committee, the Shares that are
tendered must have been held by the Participant for at least six (6) months (or
such other longer period, if any, as the Committee may permit) prior to their
tender to satisfy the Exercise Price if acquired under this Plan or any other
compensation plan maintained by the Company or have been purchased on the open
market); (c) by a cashless (broker-assisted) exercise; (d) by a combination of
(a), (b) and/or (c); or (e) any other method approved or accepted by the
Committee in its sole discretion. A-10 Subject to any
governing rules or regulations, as soon as practicable after receipt of written
notification of exercise and full payment (including satisfaction of any
applicable tax withholding), the Company shall deliver to the Participant
evidence of book entry Shares or Share certificates in an appropriate amount
based upon the number of Shares purchased under the Option(s). Unless otherwise determined by the Committee, all payments under all of
the methods indicated above shall be paid in United States dollars. 6.7 Other Conditions and Restrictions . The Committee may impose such other conditions and/or
restrictions on any Shares acquired pursuant to the exercise of an Option
granted under this Article 6 ( Options ) as it may deem advisable or
desirable. Such conditions and restrictions may include, but shall not be
limited to, minimum holding period requirements, restrictions under applicable
federal securities laws, under the requirements of any stock exchange or market
upon which such Shares are then listed and/or traded, or under any blue sky or
state securities laws applicable to such Shares. 6.8 Notification of Disqualifying
Disposition . If any Participant shall
make any disposition of Shares issued pursuant to the exercise of an ISO under
the circumstances described in Code Section 421(b) (relating to certain
disqualifying dispositions), such Participant shall notify the Company of such
disposition within ten (10) days thereof. ARTICLE 7. STOCK APPRECIATION RIGHTS 7.1 Grant of SARs .
Subject to the terms and conditions of this Plan, SARs may be granted to
Eligible Individuals in such number, and upon such terms, and at any time and
from time to time as shall be determined by the Committee. However, unless
legitimate business criteria exist (within the meaning of Treas. Reg. Section
1.409A-1(b)(5)(iii)(E)(1)), an Eligible Individual may only be granted SARs to
the extent that such individual provides services to the Company or an Affiliate
of the Company that is part of the Company’s controlled group for purposes of
Code Section 409A. 7.2 SAR Award Agreement .
Each SAR Award shall be evidenced by an Award Agreement that shall specify the
Grant Price, the term of the SAR, and such other provisions as the Committee
shall determine which are not inconsistent with the terms of this
Plan. 7.3 Grant Price . The
Grant Price for each grant of an SAR shall be determined by the Committee and
shall be specified in the Award Agreement; provided, however, the Grant Price
must be at least equal to one hundred percent (100%) of the FMV of the Shares as
determined on the Grant Date. 7.4 Term of SAR . Each SAR
granted to a Participant shall expire at such time as the Committee shall
determine at the time of grant; provided, however, no SAR shall be exercisable
earlier than six (6) months after the Grant Date or later than the seventh
(7 th ) anniversary date of the Grant Date. 7.5 Exercise
of SARs . SARs may be exercised upon whatever
terms and conditions the Committee, in its sole discretion, imposes. 7.6 Settlement of SARs .
Upon the exercise of a SAR, a Participant shall be entitled to receive payment
from the Company in an amount determined by multiplying: (a) The
excess of the Fair Market Value of a Share on the date of exercise over the
Grant Price; by (b) The
number of Shares with respect to which the SAR is exercised. At the discretion of the Committee, the payment upon SAR exercise may be
in cash, Shares, or any combination thereof, or in any other manner approved by
the Committee in its sole discretion. The Committee’s determination regarding
the form of SAR payout shall be set forth in the Award Agreement pertaining to
the grant of the SAR. 7.7 Other Conditions and Restrictions . The Committee may impose such other conditions and/or
restrictions on any Shares received upon exercise of an SAR granted pursuant to
this Plan as it may deem advisable or desirable. Such conditions and
restrictions may include, but shall not be limited to, a requirement that the
Participant hold the Shares received upon exercise of an SAR for a specified
period of time. A-11 ARTICLE 8. RESTRICTED STOCK AND RESTRICTED STOCK UNITS 8.1 Grant of
Restricted Stock or Restricted Stock Units .
Subject to the terms and provisions of this Plan, the Committee, at any time and
from time to time, may grant Shares of Restricted Stock and/or Restricted Stock
Units to Eligible Individuals in such amounts as the Committee shall determine.
Restricted Stock Units shall be similar to Restricted Stock except that no
Shares are actually awarded to the Eligible Individual on the Grant Date. 8.2 Restricted Stock or Restricted Stock Unit Award
Agreement . Each Award of Restricted
Stock and/or Restricted Stock Unit shall be evidenced by an Award Agreement that
shall specify the Restriction Period, the number of Shares of Restricted Stock
or the number of Restricted Stock Units granted, and such other provisions as
the Committee shall determine which are not inconsistent with the terms of this
Plan. 8.3 Other Conditions and Restrictions . The Committee may impose such other conditions and/or
restrictions on any Shares of Restricted Stock or Restricted Stock Units granted
pursuant to this Plan as it may deem advisable or desirable. Such conditions and
restrictions may include, but shall not be limited to, without limitation, a
requirement that the Participant pay a stipulated purchase price for each Share
of Restricted Stock or each Restricted Stock Unit, restrictions based upon the
achievement of specific performance goals, acceleration of a Restriction Period
based on the achievement of performance goals, time-based restrictions on
vesting following the attainment of the performance goals, time-based
restrictions, and/or restrictions under applicable laws or under the
requirements of any stock exchange or market upon which such Shares are listed
or traded, or holding requirements or sale restrictions placed on the Shares by
the Company upon vesting of such Restricted Stock or Restricted Stock
Units. To the extent deemed appropriate by the Committee, the Company may retain
the certificates representing Shares of Restricted Stock in the Company’s
possession until such time as all conditions and/or restrictions applicable to
such Shares have been satisfied or lapse. Except as otherwise provided in this
Article 8 ( Restricted Stock and Restricted
Stock Units ), Shares of Restricted Stock
covered by each Restricted Stock Award shall become freely transferable by the
Participant after all conditions and restrictions applicable to such Shares have
been satisfied or lapse (including satisfaction of any applicable tax
withholding obligations), and Restricted Stock Units shall be settled in cash,
Shares, or a combination of cash and Shares as the Committee, in its sole
discretion shall determine. 8.4 Certificate Legend .
In addition to any legends placed on certificates pursuant to Section 8.3
( Restricted Stock and Restricted Stock
Units/Other Conditions and Restrictions ),
each certificate representing Shares of Restricted Stock granted pursuant to
this Plan may bear a legend such as the following or as otherwise determined by
the Committee in its sole discretion: “The sale or transfer of Shares of stock represented by this certificate,
whether voluntary, involuntary, or by operation of law, is subject to certain
restrictions on transfer as set forth in the Big Lots 2012 Long-Term Incentive Plan, and in the associated
Award Agreement. A copy of this Plan and such Award Agreement may be obtained
from Big Lots, Inc.” 8.5 Rights . Unless
otherwise determined by the Committee and set forth in a Participant’s Award
Agreement, to the extent permitted or required by law, as determined by the
Committee, Participants holding Shares of Restricted Stock granted hereunder
shall have the right to exercise full voting rights with respect to those Shares
during the Period of Restriction. Unless otherwise determined by the Committee
and set forth in a Participant’s Award Agreement, a Participant receiving a
Restricted Stock Award will have, with respect to the Restricted Stock, all of
the rights of a shareholder of the Company holding the class of Shares that is
the subject of the Restricted Stock, including, if applicable, the right to vote
the shares and the right to receive any Dividend-Equivalent Rights pursuant to
Article 17 ( Dividend-Equivalent
Rights ) of this Plan. Any dividends paid on
Restricted Stock will be subject to the same restrictions that affect the
Restricted Stock with respect to which the dividend was paid. Dividends paid out
of escrow will be treated as remuneration for employment unless an election has
been made under Section 8.6 ( Restricted Stock
and Restricted Stock Units/Section 83(b) Election ). A Participant shall have no voting rights with respect to any
Restricted Stock Units granted hereunder. A Participant shall have no dividend
rights with respect to any Restricted Stock Units granted hereunder unless the
Participant is also granted Dividend-Equivalent Rights. A - 12 8.6 Section 83(b) Election . The Committee
may provide in an Award Agreement that the Award of Restricted Stock is
conditioned upon the Participant making or refraining from making an election
with respect to the Award under Code Section 83(b). If a Participant makes an
election pursuant to Code Section 83(b) concerning a Restricted Stock Award, the
Participant shall be required to file promptly a copy of such election with the
Company. ARTICLE 9. DEFERRED STOCK UNITS 9.1 In General . The Committee may, in accordance with the requirements of Code Section
409A, permit an Employee or Director to elect to defer receipt of all or a
portion of his annual compensation, annual incentive bonus and/or long-term
compensation (other than Options or SARs) (“Deferred Annual Amount”) payable by
the Company or an Affiliate and receive in lieu thereof an Award of elective
Deferred Stock Units equal to the number which may be obtained by dividing (a)
the amount of the Deferred Annual Amount, by (b) the Fair Market Value of a
Share on the date such compensation and/or annual bonus would otherwise have
been paid (“Deferred Stock Units”). Deferred Stock Units shall be evidenced by a
deferral election form (“Deferral Election Form”) containing such terms and
conditions not inconsistent with this Plan or Code Section 409A as the Committee
shall determine, including customary representations, warranties and covenants
with respect to securities law matters. The Deferral Election Form shall serve
as the Award Agreement for the Deferred Stock Units. Upon receipt of a Deferral
Election Form, the Company shall establish a notional account for the
Participant and will record in such account the number of Shares underlying the
Deferred Stock Units awarded to the Participant. No Shares will be issued to the
Participant at the time Deferred Stock Units are credited in connection with a
Deferral Election Form. 9.2 Rights as a Stockholder . The Committee may, in its discretion, provide in the Deferral Election
Form related to a Deferred Stock Unit, that Dividend Equivalent Rights shall be
granted with respect to such Deferred Stock Unit, and if Dividend Equivalent
Rights are granted, whether such Dividend Equivalent Rights shall be currently
paid to, or credited to the account of, a Participant credited with Deferred
Stock Units. Unless otherwise provided by the Committee in the Deferral Election
Form, (a) any cash dividends or distributions credited to the Participant’s
account shall be deemed to have been invested in additional Deferred Stock Units
on the record date established for the related dividend or distribution in an
amount equal to the number which may be obtained by dividing (i) the value of
such dividend or distribution on the record date by (ii) the Fair Market Value
of a Share on such date, and such additional Deferred Stock Units shall be
subject to the same terms and conditions as are applicable in respect of the
Deferred Stock Units with respect to which such dividends or distributions were
payable, and (b) if any such dividends or distributions are paid in Shares or
other securities, such shares and other securities shall be subject to the same
Restriction Period and other restrictions, if any, as apply to the Deferred
Stock Units with respect to which they were paid. A Participant shall not have
any rights as a shareholder in respect of Deferred Stock Units awarded pursuant
to the Plan (including, without limitation, the right to vote on any matter
submitted to the Company’s shareholders) until such time as the Shares
attributable to such Deferred Stock Units have been issued to such Participant
or his beneficiary. 9.3 Vesting . Unless
otherwise provided in the Deferral Election Form related to a Deferred Stock
Unit, each Deferred Stock Unit, together with any Dividend–Equivalent Rights
credited with respect thereto, shall not be subject to any Restriction Period
and shall be non-forfeitable at all times. 9.4 Settlement . Subject
to Article 24 ( General
Provisions ), and the last sentence of Section
9.1 ( Deferred Stock Units/In
General ), unless otherwise provided in the
Deferral Election Form related to a Deferred Stock Unit, the Company shall issue
the Shares underlying any of a Participant’s Deferred Stock Units (and any
related Dividend-Equivalent Rights) credited to such Participant’s account under
this Plan within ninety (90) days following the date of such Participant’s
Termination of Employment or Service (or such other Code Section 409A-compliant
distribution event as may be elected by the Participant in the initial Deferral
Election Form in accordance with the rules and procedures of the Committee and
Code Section 409A). The Committee may provide, or the Participant may elect, in
the Deferral Election Form applicable to any Deferred Stock Unit that, in lieu
of issuing Shares in settlement of that Deferred Stock Units, the Fair Market
Value of the Shares corresponding to such Deferred Stock Units shall be paid in
cash. For each Share received in settlement of Deferred Stock Units, the Company
shall deliver to the Participant a certificate representing such Share, bearing
appropriate legends, if A-13 applicable. Notwithstanding any other
provision of the Plan to the contrary, any distribution that complies with Code
Section 409A shall be deemed for all purposes to comply with the Plan
requirements regarding the time and form of distributions. 9.5 Further
Deferral Elections . If permitted by the
Committee in the Deferral Election Form, a Participant may, elect to further
defer receipt of Shares issuable in respect of Deferred Stock Units in
accordance with the requirements of Code Section 409A. Any such redeferral
election shall be valid only if : (a) such election does not take effect until
at least twelve (12) months after the date on which it is made; (b) in the case
of an election not related to a payment on account of Disability, death, or an
unforeseeable emergency (within the meaning of Code Section 409A), the
distribution is deferred for at least five (5) years from the date such
distribution would otherwise have been paid; and (c) any election related to a
distribution at a specified time or pursuant to a fixed schedule (within the
meaning of Code Section 409A) is made at least twelve (12) months prior to the
date on which distributions are otherwise scheduled to be paid. Any redeferral
election in accordance with this paragraph shall be irrevocable on the date it
is filed with the Committee unless subsequently changed pursuant to this
paragraph. ARTICLE 10. PERFORMANCE SHARES, PERFORMANCE SHARE UNITS, AND PERFORMANCE UNITS 10.1 Grant of Performance Shares, Performance Share Units, and
Performance Units . Subject to the terms
and provisions of this Plan, the Committee, at any time and from time to time,
may grant Performance Shares, Performance Share Units, and/or Performance Units
to Eligible Individuals in such amounts and upon such terms as the Committee
shall determine. 10.2 Value of Performance Shares, Performance Share Units, and
Performance Units . Each Performance
Share and each Performance Share Unit shall have an initial value equal to the
Fair Market Value of a Share on the Grant Date. Each Performance Unit shall have
an initial value that is established by the Committee at the time of grant. The
Committee shall set performance goals in its discretion which, depending on the
extent to which they are met, will determine the value and/or number of
Performance Shares, Performance Share Units, and/or Performance Units that will
be paid out to the Participant. 10.3 Earning of Performance Shares, Performance Share Units, and
Performance Units . Subject to the terms
of this Plan, after the applicable Performance Period has ended, the holder of
Performance Shares, Performance Share Units, and/or Performance Units shall be
entitled to receive payout on the value and number of Performance Shares,
Performance Share Units, and/or Performance Units earned by the Participant over
the Performance Period, to be determined as a function of the extent to which
the corresponding performance goals have been achieved. Performance goals may
include minimum, maximum and target levels of performance, with the size of the
Award or payout of Performance Shares, Performance Share Units or Performance
Units or the vesting or lapse of restrictions with respect thereto, based on the
level attained. The Committee may also provide in any such Award that any
evaluation of performance against a performance goal may include or exclude
events that occur during a Performance Period (including the income tax effects
attributable thereto), singularly or in combination. 10.4 Form and Timing of Payment of Performance Shares,
Performance Share Units, and Performance Units . Payment of earned Performance Shares, Performance Share Units, and/or
Performance Units shall be as determined by the Committee and as evidenced in
the Award Agreement. Subject to the terms of this Plan, the Committee, in its
sole discretion, may pay earned Performance Shares, Performance Share Units,
and/or Performance Units in the form of cash or in Shares (or in a combination
thereof) equal to the value of the earned Performance Shares, Performance Share
Units, and/or Performance Units at the close of the applicable Performance
Period, but no later than the fifteenth (15 th ) day of the third month
after the year in which the Performance Period ended. Any Shares may be granted
subject to any restrictions deemed appropriate by the Committee. The
determination of the Committee with respect to the form of payout of such Awards
shall be set forth in the Award Agreement pertaining to the grant of the
Award. A-14 ARTICLE 11. CASH-BASED AWARDS AND OTHER STOCK-BASED AWARDS 11.1 Grant of Cash-Based Awards . Subject to
the terms and provisions of the Plan, the Committee, at any time and from time
to time, may grant Cash-Based Awards to Eligible Individuals in such amounts and
upon such terms as the Committee may determine. 11.2 Other Stock-Based Awards . The Committee,
at any time and from time to time, may grant to Eligible Individuals other types
of equity-based or equity-related Awards not otherwise described by the terms of
this Plan (including the grant or offer for sale of unrestricted Shares) in such
amounts and subject to such terms and conditions, as the Committee shall
determine. Such Awards may involve the transfer of actual Shares to
Participants, or payment in cash or otherwise of amounts based on the value of
Shares and may include, without limitation, Awards designed to comply with or
take advantage of the applicable local laws of jurisdictions other than the
United States. 11.3 Value of Cash-Based and Other Stock-Based Awards . Each Cash-Based Award shall specify a payment amount or payment range
as determined by the Committee. Each Other Stock-Based Award shall be expressed
in terms of Shares or units based on Shares, as determined by the Committee. The
Committee may establish performance goals in its discretion. If the Committee
exercises its discretion to establish performance goals, the number and/or value
of Cash-Based Awards or Other Stock-Based Awards that will be paid out to the
Participant will depend on the extent to which the performance goals are
met. 11.4 Payment of Cash-Based Awards and Other Stock-Based Awards . Payment, if any, with respect to a Cash-Based Award or an
Other Stock-Based Award shall be made in accordance with the terms of the Award,
in cash or Shares as the Committee determines. The Company may pay earned
Cash-Based Awards and Other Stock-Based Awards in the form of cash or in Shares
(or in a combination thereof) equal to the value of the earned Award at the
close of the applicable Performance Period, if any, but no later than the
fifteenth (15 th ) day of the third month after the year in which the
Performance Period ended, the award vests (unless a valid deferral election has
been made), or the date the payment was otherwise scheduled to be
made. ARTICLE 12. NONEMPLOYEE DIRECTOR AWARDS The Board or a
committee of the Board shall determine all Awards to Nonemployee Directors. The
terms and conditions of any grant to any such Nonemployee Director shall be set
forth in an Award Agreement. Nonemployee Directors, pursuant to this Article 12
( Nonemployee Director Awards ), may be awarded, or may be permitted to elect to receive,
pursuant to the procedures established by the Board or a committee of the Board,
all or any portion of their annual retainer, meeting fees or other fees in
Shares, Restricted Stock, Restricted Stock Units, Deferred Stock Units or other
Awards as contemplated by this Plan in lieu of cash. ARTICLE 13. QUALIFIED PERFORMANCE-BASED AWARDS AND PERFORMANCE ME A S AS URES 13.1 In
General . The Committee shall have the
discretionary authority, consistent with Code Section 162(m), to structure any
Awards granted to Covered Employees under this Plan to qualify as Qualified
Performance-Based Awards. Only the Committee may grant Awards intended to be
Qualified Performance-Based Awards. With respect to any Award intended to be a
Qualified Performance-Based Award, this Plan and the applicable Award Agreement
shall be interpreted and operated consistent with that intention. 13.2 Options and SARs . Compensation attributable
to an Option or SAR is deemed to be a Qualified Performance-Based Award as long
as (a) the Committee grants the Option and the SAR, (b) the Exercise Price and
Grant Price, respectively, are not less than the Fair Market Value, and (c) such
Option or SAR complies with the limitations imposed by Section 4.3
( Shares Subject to this Plan and Award
Limitations/Annual Award Limits ). A - 15 13.3 Qualified Performance-Based Awards Other Than Options or
SARS . With respect to Qualified
Performance-Based Awards that are not intended to be Options or SARs within the
scope of Section 13.2 ( Qualified
Performance-Based Awards and Performance Measures/Options and
SARs) , the vesting, exercisability, lapse of
restrictions, payment or grant, as applicable, must be contingent upon the (a)
attainment of a pre-established performance goal or measure (or combination
thereof) as specified in this Article 13 ( Qualified Performance-Based Awards and Performance
Measures ), and (b) certification described in
Section 13.9 ( Qualified Performance-Based
Awards and Performance Measures/Certification of Performance ). 13.4 Pre-Establishment Prerequisite for Qualified Performance-Based Awards Other
Than Options or SARs . With respect to
Qualified Performance-Based Awards that are not intended to be Options or SARs
within the scope of Section 13.2 ( Qualified
Performance-Based Awards and Performance Measures/Options and
SARs) , the Committee shall establish in
writing on or before the Final Pre-Establishment Date (a) the Covered Employees
to which objective performance goals or measures applicable to a given
Performance Period will apply, (b) the objective performance goals or measures
(as described in Article 13 ( Qualified
Performance-Based Awards and Performance Measures )) applicable to a given Performance Period, and (c) such performance
goals shall state, in terms of an objective formula or standard, the method for
computing the amount of compensation payable to the Covered Employee Participant
if such performance goals are obtained. A formula or standard is objective if a
third party having knowledge of the relevant performance results could calculate
the amount to be paid to the Covered Employee. 13.5 Qualified Performance-Based Awards that have Base Pay or Salary-Based
Formula Terms . With respect to any Qualified
Performance-Based Award compensation formula that is based, in whole or in part,
on a percentage of salary or base pay, such salary or base pay must be fixed on
or before the Final Pre-Establishment Date for the service period to which the
Qualified Performance-Based Award relates. 13.6 Prohibited Discretion . The terms of the
objective formula or standard of a Qualified Performance-Based Award must
preclude discretion to increase the amount of compensation payable that would
otherwise be due upon attainment of the goal. However, the Committee shall
retain the discretion to reduce or eliminate the amount of any Award payable to
any Participant either on a formula or discretionary basis or any combination,
as the Committee determines in its sole discretion. 13.7 Performance Goals for Qualified
Performance-Based Awards . Effective as of the Restatement Effective Date, t T he performance goals upon
which the payment or vesting of an Award to a Covered Employee that is intended to qualify as Qualified Performance-Based
Awards shall be limited to the following Performance Measures, which will be derived using the accounting principles generally
accepted in the United States of America, to the extent applicable, and will be reported or appear in the Company’s filings
with the Securities and Exchange Commission (including, but not limited to, Forms 8-K, 10-Q and 10-K) or the Company’s annual
report to shareholders and will be derived from one or more (or any combination of one or more) of the following: (a) Earnings (loss) per common share from continuing operations; or (b) Earnings (loss) per common share; or (c) Operating profit (loss) , or o O perating income (loss) , or income (loss)
from operations (as the case may be); or (d) Income (Loss) from continuing operations before unusual or
infrequent items; or (e) Income (Loss) from continuing operations; or (f) Income (Loss) from continuing operations before income taxes; or (g) Income (Loss) from continuing operations before extraordinary item
and/or cumulative effect of a change in accounting principle (as the case may
be); or (h) Income (Loss) before extraordinary item and/or cumulative effect of
a change in accounting principle (as the case may be); or (i) Net income (loss); or A - 16 (j) Income (Loss) before other comprehensive income (loss); or (k) Comprehensive income (loss); or (l) Income (Loss) before interest and income taxes (sometimes referred to as
“EBIT”); or (m) Income (Loss) before interest, income taxes, depreciation and amortization
(sometimes referred to as “EBITDA”); or (n) Any other objective and specific income (loss) category or non-GAAP financial measure that appears as a line item in
the Company’s filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission or the annual report to shareholders; or (n) (o) Any of items (c) through (n) on a weighted average common shares outstanding basis; or (o) (p) Either of items (a) or (b) on a basic basis and any of items (c) through (n) on a basic earnings
per share basis, as basic earnings per share is defined in Financial Accounting Standards Board (“FASB”) Accounting
Standards Codification (“ASC”) 260, Earnings Per Share (formerly Statement of Financial Accounting Standards (“SFAS”)
No. 128), including authoritative interpretations or amendments thereof which may be issued from time to time as long as such
interpretations or amendments are utilized on the consolidated statements of operations or statement of operations, as applicable,
or in the notes to the consolidated financial statements; or (p) (q) Either of items (a) or (b) on a diluted basis and any of items (c) through (n) on a diluted earnings
per share basis, as diluted earnings per share is defined in ASC 260, Earnings Per Share (formerly SFAS No. 128), including authoritative
interpretations or amendments thereof which may be issued from time to time as long as such interpretations or amendments are
utilized on the consolidated statements of operations or statement of operations, as applicable, or in the notes to the consolidated
financial statements; or (q) (r) Common stock price; or (r) (s) Total shareholder return expressed on a dollar or percentage basis as is customarily disclosed
in the proxy statement accompanying the notice of annual meetings of shareholders; or (s) (t) Percentage increase in comparable store sales; or (t) (u) Gross profit (loss) or gross margin (loss) (as the case may be); or (v) Economic value added; or (w) Return measures (including, but not limited to, return on assets, capital, invested capital, equity, sales, or revenue);
or (x) Expense targets; or (y) Cash flow (including, but not limited to, operating cash flow, free cash flow, cash flow return on equity, and cash flow
return on investment); or (z) Productivity ratios; or (aa) Market share; or (bb) Customer satisfaction; or (cc) Working capital targets and change in working capital; or (u) (dd) Any of items (a) through ( cc u ) with respect to any subsidiary, Affiliate,
business unit, business group, business venture or legal entity, including any combination thereof, or controlled directly or
indirectly by the Company whether or not such information is included in the Company’s annual report to shareholders, proxy
statement or notice of annual meeting of shareholders; or (v) (ee) Any of items (a) through ( cc u ) above may be determined before or after
a minority interest’s share as designated by the Committee; or (w) (ff) Any of items (a) through ( cc u ) above with respect to the period of service
to which the performance goal relates whether or not such information is included in the Company’s SEC filings, annual
report to shareholders, proxy statement or notice of annual meetings of shareholders; or A - 17 (x) (gg) Total shareholder return ranking position meaning the relative placement of the Company’s
total shareholder return (as determined in ( s r ) above) compared to those publicly held companies in the
Company’s peer group as established by the Committee prior to the beginning of a vesting period or such later date as permitted
under the Code. The peer group shall be comprised of not less than eight and not more than sixteen companies, including the Company;
or (hh) With respect to items (a), (b), (o) , and (p) and (q) above, other terminology may be
used for each such performance criteria (including, but not limited to, “Basic EPS,” “income (loss) per common
share,” “diluted EPS,” or “earnings per common share-assuming dilution”) as contemplated in ASC 260,
Earnings Per Share (formerly SFAS No. 128), as amended, revised or superseded. 13.8 Evaluation of Performance . Effective as of the Restatement Effective Date, t T he Committee may provide in any Award that any evaluation
of performance may include or exclude any of the following events that occur during a Performance Period (including the income
tax effects attributable thereto), singularly or in combination, to the goals/targets in recognition of the following categories
(or any particular item(s) within the following categories or portion(s) thereof): (a) Asset impairments as described in ASC 360, Property, Plant and Equipment
(formerly SFAS No. 144), as amended, revised or superseded; or (b) Costs associated with exit or disposal activities as described in ASC 420,
Exit or Disposal Cost Obligations (formerly SFAS No. 146), as amended, revised
or superseded; or (c) Impairment charges (excluding the amortization thereof) related to goodwill
or other intangible assets, as described in ASC 350, Intangibles – Goodwill and
Other (formerly SFAS No. 142), as amended, revised or superseded; or (d) Integration costs related to all merger and acquisition activity of the
Company and/or its Affiliates, including, without limitation, any merger,
acquisition, reverse merger, triangular merger, tender offer, consolidation,
amalgamation, arrangement, security exchange, business combination or any other
purchase or sale involving the Company and/or its Affiliates (or foreign
equivalent of any of the foregoing); or (e) Transaction costs related to all merger and acquisition activity of the
Company and/or its Affiliates, including, without limitation, any merger,
acquisition, reverse merger, triangular merger, tender offer, consolidation,
amalgamation, arrangement, security exchange, business combination or any other
purchase or sale involving the Company and/or its Affiliates (or foreign
equivalent of any of the foregoing); or (f) Any profit or loss attributable to the business operations of a specified
segment as described in ASC 280, Segment Reporting (formerly SFAS No. 131), as
amended, revised or superseded; or (g) Any profit or loss attributable to a specified segment as described in ASC
280, Segment Reporting (formerly SFAS No. 131), as amended, revised or
superseded acquired during the Performance Period or an entity or entities
acquired during the Performance Period to which the performance goal relates; or (h) Any tax settlement(s) with a tax authority; or (i) Any extraordinary item, event or transaction as described in ASC 225-20,
Income Statement – Extraordinary and Unusual Items (formerly Accounting
Principles Board Opinion (“APB”) No. 30), as amended, revised or superseded; or (j) Any unusual in nature, or infrequent in occurrence items, events or transactions (that are not “extraordinary” items)
as described in ASC 225- 2 1 0, Income Statement – Extraordinary and Unusual Items (formerly APB No.
30), as amended, revised or superseded; or (k) Any other non-recurring items, any events or transactions that do not
constitute ongoing operations, or other non-GAAP financial measures (not
otherwise listed); or (l) Any change in accounting principle as described in ASC 250 -10 , Accounting Changes and Error Corrections (formerly SFAS
No. 154), as amended, revised or superseded; or (m) Unrealized gains or losses on investments in debt and equity securities as
described in ASC 320, Investments – Debt and Equity Securities (formerly SFAS
No. 115), as amended, revised or superseded; or A - 18 (n) Any gain or loss recognized as a result of derivative instrument
transactions or other hedging activities as described in ASC 815, Derivatives
and Hedging (formerly SFAS No. 133), as amended, revised or superseded; or (o) Stock-based compensation charges as described in ASC 718, Compensation –
Stock Compensation and ASC 505-50, Equity Based Payments to Non Employees
(formerly SFAS No. 123R), as amended, revised or superseded; or (p) Any gain or loss as reported as a component of other comprehensive income as
described in ASC 220, Comprehensive Income (formerly SFAS No. 130), as amended,
revised or superseded; or (q) Any expense (or reversal thereof) as a result of incurring an obligation for
a direct or indirect guarantee, as described in ASC 460, Guarantees (formerly
FASB Interpretations (“FIN”) No. 45), as amended, revised or superseded; or (r) Any gain profit or loss as the result of the consolidation of a variable interest entity as described
in ASC 810, Consolidation (formerly FIN No. 46R), as amended, revised or superseded; or (s) Any expense, gain or loss (including, but not limited to, judgments,
interest on judgments, settlement amounts, attorneys’ fees and costs, filing
fees, experts’ fees, and damages sustained as a result of the imposition of
injunctive relief) as a result of claims, litigation or lawsuit settlement
(including collective actions or class action lawsuits); or (t) Any charges associated with the early retirement of debt; or (u) The relevant tax effect(s) of tax laws or regulations, or amendments
thereto, that become effective after the beginning of the applicable Performance
Period. To
the extent such inclusions or exclusions affect Awards to Covered Employees,
they shall be prescribed in a form that meets the requirements of Code Section
162(m) for deductibility. 13.9 Certification of Performance . No
Qualified Performance-Based Award shall vest, have restrictions lapse, be
payable or granted, as the case may be, any earlier than the Committee certifies
in writing (in any manner allowable under Code Section 162(m)) the extent or
level of achievement (if at all) to which the objective performance goals (and
other material terms) applicable to the Performance Period were satisfied. As
provided in Section 13.6 ( Qualified
Performance-Based Awards and Performance Measures/Prohibited
Discretion ), the Committee may reduce or
eliminate (but not increase) the amount of any Award otherwise payable to a
Participant. 13.10 Death, Disability or Other Circumstances . The Committee may provide in the Award Agreement that an Award
intended to qualify as a Qualified Performance-Based Award under this Article 13
( Qualified Performance-Based Awards and
Performance Measures ) shall be payable, in
whole or in part, in the event of the Participant’s death or Disability, a
Change in Control, or under other circumstances consistent with the requirements
of Code Section 162(m). 13.11 Committee Discretion . In
the event that applicable tax and/or securities laws change to permit Committee
discretion to alter the governing Performance Measures without obtaining
shareholder approval of such changes, the Committee shall have sole discretion
to make such changes without obtaining shareholder approval. In addition, in the
event that the Committee determines that it is advisable to grant Awards that
shall not qualify as Qualified Performance-Based Awards, the Committee may make
such grants without satisfying the requirements of Code Section 162(m) and base
vesting on Performance Measures other than those set forth in Section 13.1
( Qualified Performance-Based Awards and
Performance Measures/In General ). 13.12 Shareholder Approval for Qualified Performance-Based
Awards . The material terms of the performance
goals with respect to Qualified Performance-Based Awards must be reapproved by
the Company’s shareholders no later than the first shareholders meeting that
occurs in the fifth (5 th ) year following the year in which the
shareholders previously approved the provisions of this Article 13
( Qualified Performance-Based Awards and
Performance Measures ), if Qualified
Performance-Based Awards are to be made under Article 13 ( Qualified Performance-Based Awards and Performance
Measures ) after the date of such shareholders
meeting and if required by Code Section 162(m). The material terms include the
employees eligible to receive Qualified A - 19 Performance-Based Awards, a description of
the business criteria on which the performance goal is based, and either the
maximum amount of compensation that could be paid to any employee or the formula
used to calculate the amount of compensation to be paid to the employee if the
performance goal is attained. ARTICLE 14. TRANSFERABILITY OF AWARDS During a Participant’s lifetime, his or her Awards shall be exercisable only by
the Participant (or by the Participant’s legal representative in the event of
the Participant’s incapacity). Awards shall not be transferable other than by
will or the laws of descent and distribution; no Awards shall be subject, in
whole or in part, to attachment, execution, or levy of any kind; and any
purported transfer in violation hereof shall be null and void. ARTICLE 15. IMPACT OF TERMINATION OF EMPLOYMENT OR SERVICE ON AWARDS 15.1 In General . Unless otherwise
determined by the Committee and set forth in the Award Agreement, upon a
Participant’s Termination of Employment or Service with or to the Company or an
Affiliate, for any reason whatsoever, except as otherwise set forth in this
Article 15 ( Impact of Termination of
Employment or Service on Awards ), in an Award
Agreement or, with the consent of such individual, as determined by the
Committee at any time prior to or after such termination, Awards granted to such
Participant will be treated as follows: (a) Any Options and SARs will (i) to the extent not vested and exercisable as of
the date of such Termination of Employment or Service with or to the Company or
an Affiliate, terminate on the date of such termination, and (ii) to the extent
vested and exercisable as of the date of such Termination of Employment or
Service with or to the Company or an Affiliate, remain exercisable for a period
of one (1) year following the date of such termination (but in no event beyond
the maximum term of such Award); provided, however, that a Participant may not
exercise an ISO more than three (3) months following the date of such
termination for any reason other than death or Disability (but in no event
beyond the maximum term of such Award). (b) Any unvested portion of any Restricted Stock, Restricted Stock Units, or
Deferred Stock Units will be immediately forfeited. (c) Any Performance Shares, Performance Share Units, or Performance Units will
be immediately forfeited and terminate. (d) Any other Awards, including, but not limited to, Cash-Based Awards and Other
Stock-Based Awards, to the extent not vested will be immediately forfeited and
terminate. 15.2 Upon Termination of Employment or Service in Connection with a Change in
Control . Except as otherwise provided in an
Award Agreement, upon a Termination of Employment or Service in connection with
a change in control, Awards granted to a Participant will be treated as set
forth in Article 20 ( Change in
Control ). 15.3 Bona Fide Leave . Notwithstanding the
fact that a Participant’s employment ostensibly terminates and except as
otherwise provided in an Award Agreement, if the Participant is on a bona fide
leave of absence, as defined in Treas. Reg. Section 1.409A-1(h)(1), then the
Participant will be treated as having a continuing employment relationship (and
not as having terminated employment for purposes of this Plan) so long as the
period of the leave does not exceed six (6) months, or if longer, so long as the
Participant retains a right to reemployment with the Company or an Affiliate
under an applicable statute or by contract. 15.4 Change in Participant Status . If a
Participant changes status from an Employee, Director, or Third Party Service
Provider to an Employee, Director, and/or Third Party Service Provider, without
interruption, the Committee, in its sole discretion, may permit any Award held
by such Participant at the time of such change in status to be unaffected by
such status change; provided, however, that an ISO held by an Employee shall be
treated as a NQSO on the first (1 st ) day that is three (3) months
after the date that the Participant ceases to be an Employee. A - 20 ARTICLE 16. SUBSTITUTION AWARDS Awards may be granted under the Plan from time to time in substitution for stock
options and other awards held by employees or directors of other entities who
are about to become Employees, whose employer is about to become an Affiliate as
the result of a merger or consolidation of the Company or its Affiliate with
another corporation, or the acquisition by the Company or its Affiliate of
substantially all the assets of another corporation, or the acquisition by the
Company or its Affiliate of at least fifty percent (50%) of the issued and
outstanding stock of another corporation as the result of which such other
corporation will become a subsidiary. The terms and conditions of the substitute
Awards so granted may vary from the terms and conditions set forth in the Plan
to such extent as the Board at the time of grant may deem appropriate to
conform, in whole or in part, to the provisions of the award in substitution for
which they are granted to ensure that the requirements imposed under Code
Section 409A and 424, to the extent applicable, are satisfied. ARTICLE 17. DIVIDEND-EQUIVALENT RIGHTS Any
Participant selected by the Committee may be granted Dividend-Equivalent Rights
(in connection with any Award other than an Option of SAR) based on the
dividends declared on Shares that are subject to the Award to which they relate,
to be credited as of dividend payment dates, during the period between the date
the Award is granted and the date the Award is exercised, vests or expires, as
determined by the Committee. Such Dividend-Equivalent Rights shall be converted
to cash or additional Shares by such formula and at such time and subject to
such limitations as may be determined by the Committee. Notwithstanding the
foregoing, if any Award for which Dividend-Equivalent Rights have been granted
has its vesting or grant dependent upon the achievement of one or more
performance goals, then the Dividend-Equivalent Rights shall accrue and only be
paid to the extent the Award becomes vested. Under no circumstances may
Dividend-Equivalent Rights be granted for any Option or SAR. ARTICLE 18. BENEFICIARY DESIGNATION Each
Participant under this Plan may, from time to time, name any beneficiary or
beneficiaries (who may be named contingently or successively) to whom any
benefit under this Plan is to be paid in case of his death before he receives
any or all of such benefit. Each such designation shall revoke all prior
designations by the same Participant, shall be in a form prescribed by the
Committee, and will be effective only when filed by the Participant in writing
with the Company during the Participant’s lifetime. In the absence of any such
beneficiary designation, benefits remaining unpaid or rights remaining
unexercised at the Participant’s death shall be paid to or exercised by the
Participant’s executor, administrator, or legal representative. ARTICLE 19. RIGHTS OF PARTICIPANTS 19.1 Employment/Service . Nothing
in this Plan or an Award Agreement shall interfere with or limit in any way the
right of the Company or its Affiliates to terminate any Participant’s employment
or service on the Board or to the Company or its Affiliates at any time or for any
reason, nor confer upon any Participant any right to continue his employment or
service as a Director or Third Party Service Provider for any specified period of time.
Neither an Award nor any benefits arising under this Plan shall constitute an
employment contract with the Company or any of its Affiliates and, accordingly,
subject to Article 3 ( Administration ) and Article 21
( Amendment, Modification, Suspension, and
Termination ), this Plan and the benefits
hereunder may be terminated at any time in the sole and exclusive discretion of
the Committee without giving rise to any liability on the part of the Company or
its Affiliates. Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to alter the
relationship between the Company or an Affiliate and a Participant, or the
contractual relationship between a Participant and the Company or an Affiliate
if there is a written contract regarding such relationship. A - 21 19.2 Participation . No individual shall have
the right to be selected to receive an Award under this Plan, or, having been so
selected, to be selected to receive a future Award. 19.3 Rights as a Shareholder . Except as
otherwise provided herein, a Participant shall have none of the rights of a
shareholder with respect to Shares covered by any Award until the Participant
becomes the record holder of such Shares. ARTICLE 20. CHANGE IN CONTROL 20.1 Impact of Event . Notwithstanding any other
provision of the Plan to the contrary and unless otherwise specifically provided
in an Award Agreement, but subject to Section 4.4 ( Shares Subject to this Plan and Award Limitations/Adjustments in
Authorized Shares ) in the event of a Change
in Control: (a) Any Options and SARs outstanding as of the date of such Change in Control
and not then exercisable shall become fully exercisable to the full extent of
the original grant; (b) All remaining Restriction Periods shall be accelerated and any remaining
restrictions applicable to any Restricted Stock Awards shall lapse and such
Restricted Stock shall become free of all restrictions and become fully vested
and transferable to the full extent of the original grant; (c) All remaining Restriction Periods shall be accelerated and any remaining
restrictions applicable to any Restricted Stock Units shall lapse and such
Restricted Stock Units shall become free of all restrictions and become fully
vested and redeemed to the full extent of the original grant (i.e., the
Restriction Period shall lapse); (d) Any performance goal or other condition with respect to any Performance
Units, Performance Shares, and Performance Share Units shall be deemed to have
been satisfied in full, and the Common Shares or cash subject to such Award
shall be fully distributable; (e) Any remaining restrictions, performance goals or other conditions with
respect to any Deferred Stock Units shall lapse and such Deferred Stock Unit
shall be deemed to have been satisfied in full, and the Common Shares or cash
subject to such Award shall be fully distributable; and (f) Any Cash-Based Awards and Other Stock-Based Awards outstanding as of the
date of such Change in Control and not then vested shall vest to the full extent
of the original grant. Notwithstanding the
foregoing, with respect to any Award that provides for the deferral of
compensation and is subject to Code Section 409A, unless the Committee
determines otherwise in the Award Agreement, such Award shall be paid,
distributed or settled, as applicable: (i) on the occurrence of a Change in
Control if that Change in Control constitutes a “change in control event” within
the meaning of Code Section 409A; or (ii) in accordance with the terms provided
in the Award Agreement if that Change in Control does not constitute a “change
in control event” within the meaning of Code Section 409A. 20.2 Effect of Code Section 280G . Except as
otherwise provided in the Award Agreement or any other written agreement between
the Participant and the Company or any Affiliate in effect on the date of the
Change in Control, if the sum (or value) due under Section 20.1 ( Change in Control/Impact of Event ) that are characterizable as parachute payments, when combined with
other parachute payments attributable to the same Change in Control, constitute
“excess parachute payments” as defined in Code Section 280G(b)(1), the entity
responsible for making those payments or its successor or successors
(collectively, “Payor”) will reduce the Participant’s benefits under the Plan by
the smaller of (a) the value of the sum or the value of the payments due under
Section 20.1 ( Change in Control/Effect of Code
Section 280G ), or (b) the amount necessary to
ensure that the Participant’s total “parachute payment” as defined in Code
Section 280G(b)(2)(A) under the Plan and all other agreements will be $1.00 less
than the amount that would generate an excise tax under Code Section 4999. Any
reduction pursuant to this Section 20.2 ( Change in Control/Effect of Code Section 280G ) shall be first applied against parachute payments (as determined above)
that are not subject to Code Section 409A and, thereafter, shall be applied
against all remaining parachute payments (as determined above) subject to Code
Section 409A on a pro rata basis. A - 22 ARTICLE 21. AMENDMENT, MODIFICATION, SUSPENSION, AND TERMINATION 21.1 Amendment, Modification, Suspension, and Termination . Subject to Section 21.3 ( Amendment, Modification, Suspension, and Termination/Awards Previously
Granted ) and Section 21.5 ( Amendment, Modification, Suspension, and Termination/Repricing
Prohibition ), the Committee may, at any time
and from time to time, alter, amend, modify, suspend, or terminate this Plan
and/or any Award Agreement in whole or in part; provided, however, that no
material amendment of this Plan shall be made without shareholder approval if
shareholder approval is required by law, regulation, or stock exchange
rule. 21.2 Adjustment of Awards Upon the Occurrence of Certain Unusual or Nonrecurring
Events . Except to the extent prohibited under
Code Sections 409A and 424, to the extent applicable, the Committee may make
adjustments in the terms and conditions of, and the criteria included in, Awards
in recognition of unusual or nonrecurring events (other than those described in
Section 4.4 ( Shares Subject to this Plan and
Award Limitations/Adjustments in Authorized Shares ) hereof), affecting the Company or the financial statements of the
Company or of changes in applicable laws, regulations, or accounting principles,
whenever the Committee determines that such adjustments are appropriate in order
to prevent unintended dilution or enlargement of the benefits or potential
benefits intended to be made available under this Plan. The determination of the
Committee as to the foregoing adjustments, if any, shall be conclusive and
binding on Participants under this Plan. 21.3 Awards Previously Granted .
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Plan to the contrary (other than
Section 21.4 ( Amendment, Modification,
Suspension, and Termination/Amendment to Conform to Law )), no termination, amendment, suspension, or modification of
this Plan or an Award Agreement shall adversely affect in any material way any
Award previously granted under this Plan, without the written consent of the
Participant holding such Award. 21.4 Amendment to Conform to Law .
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Plan to the contrary, the Board of
Directors may amend the Plan or an Award Agreement, to take effect retroactively
or otherwise, as deemed necessary or advisable for the purpose of (a) conforming
the Plan or an Award Agreement to any present or future law relating to plans of
this or similar nature (including, but not limited to, Code Section 409A to the
extent applicable), and to the administrative regulations and rulings
promulgated thereunder; (b) permitting the Company or its Affiliates to receive
a tax deduction under applicable law; or (c) avoiding an expense charge to the
Company or its Affiliates. By accepting an Award under this Plan, a Participant
consents to any amendment made pursuant to this Section 21.4 ( Amendment, Modification, Suspension, and Termination/Amendment
to Conform to Law) to any Award granted under
the Plan without further consideration or action. 21.5 Repricing Prohibition . Except to the
extent (a) approved by the Company’s shareholders, or (b) provided in Section
4.4 ( Shares Subject to this Plan and Award
Limitations/Adjustments in Authorized Shares ), the Committee shall not have the power or authority to reduce, whether
through amendment or otherwise, the Exercise Price or the Grant Price of any
outstanding Option or SAR or to grant any new Award, or make any cash payment,
in substitution for or upon the cancellation of Options or SARs previously
granted. 21.6 Reload Prohibition . Regardless of any
other provision of the Plan, no Participant will be entitled to (and no
Committee discretion may be exercised to extend to any Participant) an automatic
grant of additional Awards in connection with the exercise of an Option or
otherwise. ARTICLE 22. WITHHOLDING 22.1 Tax Withholding . The Company shall have
the power and the right to deduct or withhold, or require a Participant to remit
to the Company, the minimum statutory amount to satisfy federal, state,
provincial, and local taxes, domestic or foreign, required by law or regulation
to be withheld with respect to any taxable event arising as a result of this
Plan. As soon as practicable after the date as of which the amount first becomes
includible in the gross income of the Participant (but no later than the last
business day of the calendar quarter during which the amount first becomes
includible in gross income), the Participant shall pay to the Company or an
Affiliate (or other entity identified by the Committee), or make arrangements
satisfactory to the Company or other entity identified by the Committee
regarding the payment of any federal, state, provincial, or local taxes of any
kind (including any employment taxes) required by law to be withheld with
respect to such income. The obligations of the Company A - 23 under this Plan shall be conditional on
such payment or arrangements, and the Company and its Affiliates shall, to the
extent permitted by law, have the right to deduct any such taxes from any
payment otherwise due to the Participant. 22.2 Share Withholding . With respect to
withholding required upon the exercise of Options or SARs, upon the lapse of
restrictions on Restricted Stock and Restricted Stock Units, or upon the
achievement of performance goals related to Performance Shares, or any other
taxable event arising as a result of an Award granted hereunder, unless the
Participant has elected, with the approval of the Committee, to satisfy the
withholding requirement, in whole or in part, by paying the taxes in cash or
transferring to the Company Shares owned by the Participant that would satisfy
the minimum statutory total tax (but no more than such minimum) with respect to
the Company’s withholding obligation, the Participant shall be deemed to have
elected to have the Company withhold a number of Shares that would satisfy the
minimum statutory total tax (but no more than the such minimum) that could be
imposed on the transaction. All such elections shall be irrevocable, made by the
Participant in a manner approved by the Committee, and shall be subject to any
restrictions or limitations that the Committee, in its sole discretion, deems
appropriate. ARTICLE 23. SUCCESSORS All obligations of the Company under this Plan with respect to Awards granted hereunder shall be binding on
any successor to the Company, whether the existence of such successor is the result of a direct or indirect purchase,
merger, consolidation, or otherwise, of all or substantially all of the business and/or assets of the Company. All
obligations imposed upon a Participant, and all rights granted to the Company hereunder, shall be binding upon
each Participant’s heirs, legal representatives, and successors. ARTICLE 24. GENERAL PROVISIONS 24.1 Recovery of Compensation . Any Award
issued under this Plan will be subject to any clawback policy developed by the
Board of Directors or the Committee that is consistent with applicable law,
whether such Award was granted before or after the effective date of any such
clawback policy. 24.2 Legend . The certificates for Shares
may include any legend which the Committee deems appropriate to reflect any
restrictions on transfer of such Shares. 24.3 Gender and Number . Except where
otherwise indicated by the context, any masculine term used herein also shall
include the feminine, the singular shall include the plural, and the plural
shall include the singular. 24.4 Severability . In the event that any one
or more of the provisions of this Plan shall be or become invalid, illegal or
unenforceable in any respect, the validity, legality and enforceability of the
remaining provisions contained herein shall not be affected thereby. 24.5 Compliance with Legal and Exchange Requirements . The Plan, the granting and exercising of Awards thereunder, and any
obligations of the Company under the Plan, shall be subject to all applicable
federal and state laws, rules, and regulations, and to such approvals by any
regulatory or governmental agency as may be required, and to any rules or
regulations of any stock exchange on which the Shares are listed. The Company,
in its discretion, may postpone the granting and exercising of Awards, the
issuance or delivery of Shares under any Award or any other action permitted
under the Plan to permit the Company, with reasonable diligence, to complete
such stock exchange listing or registration or qualification of such Shares or
other required action under any federal or state law, rule, or regulation and
may require any Participant to make such representations and furnish such
information as it may consider appropriate in connection with the issuance or
delivery of Shares in compliance with applicable laws, rules, and regulations.
The Company shall not be obligated by virtue of any provision of the Plan to
recognize the exercise of any Award or to otherwise sell or issue Shares in
violation of any such laws, rules, or regulations, and any postponement of the
exercise or settlement of any Award under this provision shall not extend the
term of such Awards. Neither the Company nor its Affiliates, or the directors or
officers of any such entities, shall have any obligation or liability to a
Participant with respect to any Award (or Shares issuable thereunder) that shall
lapse because of such postponement. A - 24 24.6 No Limitation on Compensation . Nothing
in the Plan shall be construed to limit the right of the Company to establish
other plans or to pay compensation to its employees, in cash or property, in a
manner which is not expressly authorized under the Plan. 24.7 Investment
Representations . The Committee may require
any individual receiving Shares pursuant to an Award under this Plan to
represent and warrant in writing that the individual is acquiring the Shares for
investment and without any present intention to sell or distribute such
Shares. 24.8 Employees Based Outside
of the United States . Notwithstanding
any provision of this Plan to the contrary, in order to comply with the laws in
other countries in which the Company or its Affiliates operate or have
Employees, Directors or Third Party Service Providers, the Committee, in its
sole discretion, shall have the power and authority to: (a) Determine which Affiliates shall be covered by this
Plan; (b)
Determine which Employees, Directors and/or Third Party Service Providers
outside the United States are eligible to participate in this Plan; (c)
Modify the terms and conditions of any Award granted to Employees, Directors
and/or Third Party Service Providers outside the United States to comply with
applicable foreign laws; (d)
Establish subplans and modify exercise procedures and other terms and
procedures, to the extent such actions may be necessary or advisable. Any
subplans and modifications to Plan terms and procedures established under this
Section 24.8 ( General Provisions/Employees
Based Outside of the United States) by the
Committee shall be attached to this Plan document as appendices; and (e)
Take any action, before or after an Award is made, that it deems advisable to
obtain approval or comply with any necessary local government regulatory
exemptions or approvals. Notwithstanding the above, the Committee may not take any actions
hereunder, and no Awards shall be granted, that would violate applicable
law. 24.9 Uncertificated
Shares . To the extent that this Plan
provides for issuance of certificates to reflect the transfer of Shares, the
transfer of such Shares may be effected on a noncertificated basis, to the
extent not prohibited by applicable law or the rules of any stock
exchange. 24.10 Unfunded
Plan . It is intended that this Plan be
an “unfunded” plan for incentive compensation. The Committee may authorize the
creation of trusts or other arrangements to meet the obligations created under
this Plan to deliver Shares or make payments; provided, however, that, unless
the Committee otherwise determines, the existence of such trusts or other
arrangements is consistent with the “unfunded” status of this Plan and
Participants shall have no right, title, or interest whatsoever in or to any
investments that the Company or its Affiliates may make to aid it in meeting its
obligations under this Plan. 24.11 No Fractional
Shares . No fractional Shares shall be issued
or delivered pursuant to this Plan or any Award. The Committee shall determine
whether cash, Awards, or other property shall be issued or paid in lieu of
fractional Shares or whether such fractional Shares or any rights thereto shall
be forfeited or otherwise eliminated (i.e., rounded down to the nearest whole
Share). 24.12 No Impact on
Benefits . Except as may otherwise be
specifically stated under any employee benefit plan, policy or program, no
amount payable in respect of any Award shall be treated as compensation for
purposes of calculating a Participant’s right under any such plan, policy or
program. 24.13 Compliance with Code
Section 409A . (a) In
General . The Plan is intended to be
administered in a manner consistent with the requirements, where applicable, of
Code Section 409A. All Award Agreements shall be construed and administered such
that the Award either (i) qualifies for an exemption from the requirements of
Code Section 409A or (ii) satisfies the requirements of Code Section 409A. To
the extent that any provision of the Plan or an Award Agreement would cause a
conflict with the requirements of Code Section 409A, or would cause the
administration of the Plan or an Award to fail to satisfy the requirements of
Code Section 409A, such provision shall be deemed amended to the extent
practicable to avoid adverse tax consequences under Code Section 409A for the
Participant (including his or her beneficiaries). In no event shall a
Participant, directly or indirectly, designate the calendar A - 25 year in which payment, distribution or
settlement, as applicable, of an Award subject to Code Section 409A is made,
except in accordance with Code Section 409A. Notwithstanding any provision in
this Plan to the contrary, neither the Company nor the Committee shall have any
liability to any person in the event such Code Section 409A applies to any Award
in a manner that results in adverse tax consequences for the Participant or any
of his or her beneficiaries. (b) Six-Month Delay for
Specified Employees . Notwithstanding anything
in this Plan or an Award Agreement to the contrary, if a Participant is a
“specified employee,” within the meaning of Code Section 409A and as determined
under the Company’s policy for determining specified employees, on the date of
his “separation from service”, within the meaning of Code Section 409A, the
distribution, payment or settlement, as applicable, of all of Participant’s
Awards that are both (i) subject to Code Section 409A and (ii) distributable,
payable or settleable, as appropriate, on account of a separation from service,
shall be postponed for six (6) months following the date of the Participant’s
separation from service. If a distribution, payment or settlement, as
applicable, is delayed pursuant to this paragraph, the distribution, payment or
settlement, as applicable, shall be made within the thirty (30)-day period
following the first (1 st ) business day of the seventh
(7 th ) month following the Participant’s separation from service;
provided that if the Participant dies during such six (6)-month period, any
postponed amounts shall be paid within ninety (90) days of the Participant’s
death. This distribution, payment or settlement, as applicable, shall include
the cumulative amount of any amount that could not be paid or provided during
such period. (c) Elective Deferrals . No
Participant elective deferrals or re-deferrals of compensation (as defined under
Code Section 409A and/or guidance thereto) other than in regard to Deferred
Stock Units are permitted under this Plan. Instead, any such elective deferrals
of compensation shall only be permitted pursuant to the Company’s nonqualified
deferred compensation plan. To the extent elective deferrals or re-deferrals are
permitted under this Plan, such elections shall be made in accordance with the
requirements of Code Section 409A and the rules, procedures and forms specified
from time to time by the Committee. (d) Mandatory Deferrals . If, at the grant of an Award under this Plan, the Committee decides
that the payment of compensation with respect to such Award shall be deferred
compensation within the meaning of Code Section 409A, then, the Committee shall
set forth the time and form of payment in the Award Agreement in a manner
consistent with Code Section 409A. (e) Timing of Payments . Payment(s) of compensation that is subject to Code Section 409A shall
only be made in the form and upon an event or at a time permitted under Code
Section 409A. 24.14 Nonexclusivity of this Plan . The
adoption of this Plan shall not be construed as creating any limitations on the
power of the Board or Committee to adopt such other compensation arrangements as
it may deem desirable for any Participant. 24.15 No Constraint on
Corporate Action . Nothing in this Plan
shall be construed to: (a) limit, impair, or otherwise affect the Company’s or
an Affiliate’s right or power to make adjustments, reclassifications,
reorganizations, or changes of its capital or business structure, or to merge or
consolidate, or dissolve, liquidate, sell, or transfer all or any part of its
business or assets; or (b) limit the right or power of the Company or an
Affiliate to take any action which such entity deems to be necessary or
appropriate. 24.16 Headings and
Captions . The headings and captions
herein are provided for reference and convenience only, shall not be considered
part of this Plan, and shall not be employed in the construction of this Plan. 24.17
Offset . Subject to the requirements of
Code Section 409A, if applicable, (a) any amounts owed to the Company or an
Affiliate by a Participant of whatever nature up to the fullest extent permitted
by applicable law may be offset by the Company from the value of any Award to be
transferred to the Participant, and (b) no Shares, cash or other thing of value
under the Plan or an Award Agreement shall be transferred unless and until all
disputes between the Company and the Participant have been fully and finally
resolved and the Participant has waived all claims to such against the Company
and its Affiliates. However, no waiver of any liability (or the right to apply
the offset described in this Section 24.17 ( General Provisions/Offset ) may be
inferred because the Company pays an Award to a Participant with an outstanding
liability owed to the Company or an Affiliate. A - 26 24.18
Governing Law . The Plan and each Award
Agreement shall be governed by the laws of the State of Ohio, excluding any
conflicts or choice of law rule or principle that might otherwise refer
construction or interpretation of this Plan to the substantive law of another
jurisdiction. The Plan shall be construed to comply with all applicable law and
to avoid liability (other than a liability expressly assumed under the Plan or
an Award Agreement) to the Company, an Affiliate or a Participant. Recipients of
an Award under this Plan are deemed to submit to the exclusive jurisdiction and
venue of the federal or state courts located in Franklin County, Ohio, to
resolve any and all issues that may arise out of or relate to this Plan or any
related Award Agreement. 24.19 Delivery and Execution
of Electronic Documents . To the extent
permitted by applicable law, the Company may (a) deliver by email or other
electronic means (including posting on a web site maintained by the Company or
an Affiliate or by a third party under contract with the Company or an
Affiliate) all documents relating to the Plan or any Award thereunder (including
without limitation, prospectuses required by the Securities and Exchange
Commission) and all other documents that the Company is required to deliver to
its security holders (including without limitation, annual reports and proxy
statements), and (b) permit Participants to electronically execute applicable
Plan documents (including, but not limited to, Award Agreements) in a manner
prescribed by the Committee. 24.20 No Representations or
Warranties Regarding Tax Affect .
Notwithstanding any provision of the Plan to the contrary, the Company, its
Affiliates, the Board, and the Committee neither represent nor warrant the tax
treatment under any federal, state, local or foreign laws and regulations
thereunder (individually and collectively referred to as the “Tax Laws”) of any
Award granted or any amounts paid to any Participant under the Plan including,
but not limited to, when and to what extent such Awards or amounts may be
subject to tax, penalties and interest under the Tax Laws. 24.21
Indemnification . To the maximum extent
permitted under the Company’s Articles of Incorporation and Code of Regulations,
each person who is or shall have been a member of the Board, a committee
appointed by the Board, or an officer of the Company to whom authority was
delegated in accordance with Article 3 ( Administration ), shall be indemnified
and held harmless by the Company against and from any (a) loss, cost, liability,
or expense (including attorneys’ fees) that may be imposed upon or reasonably
incurred by him or her in connection with or resulting from any claim, action,
suit, or proceeding to which he or she may be a party or in which he or she may
be involved by reason of any action taken or failure to act under this Plan or
any Award Agreement, and (b) from any and all amounts paid by him or her in
settlement thereof, with the Company’s prior written approval, or paid by him or
her in satisfaction of any judgment in any such action, suit, or proceeding
against him or her; provided, however, that he or she shall give the Company an
opportunity, at its own expense, to handle and defend the same before he or she
undertakes to handle and defend it on his or her own behalf. The foregoing right
of indemnification shall not be exclusive of any other rights of indemnification
to which such persons may be entitled under the Company’s Articles of
Incorporation or Code of Regulations, by contract, as a matter of law, or
otherwise, or under any power that the Company may have to indemnify them or
hold them harmless. 24.22 No Obligation to
Disclose Material Information . Except to
the extent required by applicable securities laws, none of the Company, an
Affiliate, the Committee, or the Board shall have any duty or obligation to
affirmatively disclose material information to a record or beneficial holder of
Shares or an Award, and such holder shall have no right to be advised of any
material information regarding the Company or any Affiliate at any time prior
to, upon or in connection with receipt or the exercise or distribution of an
Award. The Company makes no representation or warranty as to the future value of
the Shares that may be issued or acquired under the Plan. 24.23 Entire
Agreement . Except as expressly provided
otherwise, this Plan and any Award Agreement constitute the entire agreement
with respect to the subject matter hereof and thereof, provided that in the
event of any inconsistency between this Plan and any Award Agreement, the terms
and conditions of the Plan shall control. ***** A - 27 APPENDIX B BIG LOTS
2006 BONUS PLAN AMENDED AND RESTATED EFFECTIVE
MAY 27, 2010 29, 2014 BIG LOTS 2006 BONUS PLAN 1. | NAME
1.01. | The Big Lots 2006 Bonus Plan (the “Plan”) was originally established by Big Lots, Inc., effective as of January 29, 2006 (the “Effective Date”), subject to approval by the Company’s shareholders no later than June 1, 2006. T he Plan was first has been amended and restated effective December 4, 2008 and May 27, 2010. The Plan is, subject to approval by the Company’s shareholders, hereby amended and restated a second third time, effective May 27, 2010 29, 2014 (the “Restatement Effective Date”).
2. | PURPOSE
2.01. | The Plan is designed to: (a) assist the Company and its Affiliates in attracting, retaining and motivating employees; (b) align Participants’ interests with those of the Company’s shareholders; and (c) qualify compensation paid to Participants who are “Covered Associates” as “qualified performance-based compensation” within the meaning of section 162(m) of the IRC or a successor provision.
3. | DEFINITIONS
3.01. | “Acquired Corporation” has the meaning ascribed in Section 3.07.
3.02. | “Affiliate” means any person with whom the Company would be considered a single employer under IRC section 414(b) or (c).
3.03. | “Base Salary” means as to a Performance Period a Participant’s actual annualized gross salary rate (currently known as regular pay) in effect on the Determination Date. Such salary shall be before: (a) deductions for taxes and benefits; and (b) deferrals of salary pursuant to Company-sponsored plans.
3.04. | “Beneficiary” means the person or persons entitled to receive the interest of a Participant in the event of the Participant’s death.
3.05. | “Board” means the Board of Directors of the Company.
3.06. | “Bonus” means a payment subject to the provisions of this Plan.
3.07. | “Change of Control” means any one or more of the following events: (a) the acquisition by any person (as defined under IRC section 409A), or more than one person acting as a group (as defined under IRC section 409A), of stock of the Company that, together with stock held by such person or group, constitutes more than 50 percent of the total fair market value or total voting power of the Company; (b) the acquisition by an person or group, within any 12 month period, of stock of the Company possessing 30 percent or more of the total voting power of all of the stock of the Company; (c) a majority of the Board then in office is replaced within any period of 12 months or less by directors not nominated and approved by a majority of the directors in office at the beginning of such period (or their successors so nominated and approved); or d) the acquisition by any person, or more than one person acting as a group, within any 12 month period, of assets from the Company that have a total gross fair market value equal to or more than 40 percent of the total gross fair market value of all of the assets of the Company immediately prior to such acquisition or acquisitions. This definition of Change of Control under this Section 3.07 shall be interpreted in a manner that is consistent with the definition of “change in control event” under IRC section 409A and the Treasury Regulations promulgated thereunder. Provided, however, the other provisions of this Section 3.07 notwithstanding, the term “Change of Control” shall not mean any merger, consolidation, reorganization, or other transaction in which the Company exchanges or offers to exchange newly-issued or treasury Common Shares representing B-1 20 percent or more, but less than 50 percent, of the outstanding equity securities of the Company entitled to vote for the election of directors, for 51 percent or more of the outstanding equity securities entitled to vote for the election of at least the majority of the directors of a corporation other than the Company or an Affiliate (the “Acquired Corporation”), or for all or substantially all of the assets of the Acquired Corporation.
3.08. | “Committee” means the Compensation Committee of the Board, which shall consist of not less than three (3) members of the Board each of whom is a “non-employee director” as defined in Securities and Exchange Commission Rule 16b-3(b)(3)(i), or as such term may be defined in any successor regulation under Section 16 of the Exchange Act. In addition, each member of the Committee shall be an outside director within the meaning of IRC section 162(m). For any sections of this Plan that require action by the Committee, “Committee” means at least a majority of the members of the Compensation Committee of the Board.
3.09. | “Common Shares” means the common shares of the Company, its successors and assigns.
3.10. | “Company” means Big Lots, Inc., an Ohio Corporation, its successors and assigns and any corporation which shall acquire substantially all its assets.
3.11. | “Conditional Payment” means prepaying a Bonus before the date of current payment in Section 6.02 and subjects the prepayment (or a portion thereof) to possible return to the Company.
3.12. | “Covered Associate” means any Participant who is expected to be a “covered employee” (in the Fiscal Year the Bonus is expected to be payable) as defined in IRC section 162(m) and the regulations thereunder.
3.13. | “Deferred Bonus Account” means the bookkeeping account established under Section 6.04.
3.14. | “Determination Date” means as to a Performance Requisite Service Period: (a) the first day of the Performance Requisite Service Period; or (b) such other date set by the Committee provided such date will not jeopardize the Plan’s Bonus as qualified performance-based compensation under IRC section 162(m).
3.15. | “Eligible Position” means an employment position with the Company or an Affiliate which provides the employee in the position the opportunity to participate in the Plan. The Committee (or its designee) determines Eligible Positions.
3.16. | “Exchange Act” means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.
3.17 | “Final Pre-Establishment Date” means the last day a performance condition may be considered pre-established under IRC section 162(m). As of the Restatement Effective Date, a performance objective shall be considered pre-established if the Committee establishes the performance goal in writing not later than 90 days after the commencement of the Requisite Service Period (or before 25% of the Requisite Service Period has elapsed) and when the outcome of the performance goal is substantially uncertain.
3.18. | “Fiscal Year” means the fiscal year of the Company (currently comprised of a 52/53 week fiscal year which ends on the Saturday nearest to January 31).
3. 18 19 . | “Fiscal Year Bonus” means any Bonus relating to a period of service coextensive with one or more consecutive Fiscal Years, of which no amount is paid or payable during the Fiscal Year(s) constituting the period of service. B-2 3. 19 20 . | “IRC” means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended from time to time, and any successor.
3. 20 21 . | “Participant” means a key employee of the Company or an Affiliate who has been approved for participation in the Plan by the Committee (or its designee).
3. 21 22 . | “Performance Period” means the period (which, with respect to a Covered Associate, may be no shorter than a fiscal quarter of the Company) established by the Committee over which the Committee measures whether or not Bonuses have been earned. In most cases, the Performance Period will be a Fiscal Year. In the case of an inaugural Performance Period or a promotion, the Performance Period may be less than a Fiscal Year.
3.22 3.23 | “Requisite Service Period” means the period during which a Participant is required to provide service in exchange for a Bonus award.
3.24. | “Tax” means any net income, alternative or add-on minimum tax, gross income, gross receipts, commercial activity, sales, use, consumer, transfer, documentary, registration, ad valorem, value added, franchise, profits, license, withholding, payroll, employment, unemployment insurance contribution, excise, severance, stamp, occupation, premium, property, environmental or windfall profit tax, custom, duty, unclaimed fund/abandoned property, or other tax, governmental fee or other like assessment or charge of any kind whatsoever, together with any interest or any penalty, addition to tax or additional amount imposed by any governmental authority responsible for the imposition of any such tax.
3. 23 25 . | “Termination” or any form thereof means a “separation from service” as defined in Treasury Regulation §1.409A-1(h) by a Participant with the Company and all its Affiliates.
3. 24 26 . | “Unforeseeable Financial Emergency” means a severe financial hardship to a Participant within the meaning of Treasury Regulation §1.409A-3(i)(3) resulting from: (a) an illness or accident of the Participant or the Participant’s spouse, Beneficiary, or dependent (as defined in IRC section 152, without reference to IRC sections 152(b)(1), (b)(2) and (d)(1)(B)); (b) loss of the Participant’s property due to casualty; or (c) other similar extraordinary and unforeseeable circumstances arising as a result of events beyond the control of the Participant.
4. | ELIGIBILITY AND PARTICIPATION
4.01 | Approval. Each key employee of the Company or an Affiliate who is approved for participation in the Plan by the Committee (or under the authority conveyed by the Committee) shall be a Participant as of the date designated. Notwithstanding the foregoing, any key employee of the Company or an Affiliate who was participating in the Plan as of the Restatement Effective Date shall remain a Participant as long as the key employee is in an Eligible Position.
4.02 | Termination of Approval. The Committee may withdraw its approval for participation for a Participant at any time. In the event of such withdrawal, the key employee concerned shall cease to be an active Participant as of the date selected by the Committee. Nothing in this Section 4.02 shall permit distribution of amounts credited to a Participant’s Deferred Bonus Account before the time specified in Section 6.04.
4.03 | Transfers In, Out of and Between Eligible Positions.
(a) | A key employee may be approved for participation during a portion of a Fiscal Year.
(i) | With respect to employees who are not Covered Associates, an employee newly hired or transferred into an Eligible Position shall have his/her participation prorated during the first Fiscal Year provided employment or transfer occurs at least two months prior to the end of the Fiscal Year. B-3 (ii) | An employee (other than a Covered Associate) transferred out of an Eligible Position may receive a prorated Bonus at the discretion of the Committee provided he/she served in the Eligible Position for at least two full months during the Fiscal Year.
(iii) | With respect to Covered Associates approved for participation during a portion of a Fiscal Year, see Section 5.03 as it would relate to Performance Periods that are not equivalent to a Fiscal Year.
(b) | Participants (who are not Covered Associates) transferring between Eligible Positions having different Bonus formulas will receive Bonuses prorated to months served in each Eligible Position. Generally, for Covered Associates transferring between Eligible Positions, Section 5.03 shall apply to each respective Performance Period applicable to the particular position unless an employment agreement provides otherwise.
4.04. | Termination of Employment.
(a) | Except to the extent that the Committee determines otherwise, and notifies the Participant in writing of this determination, prior to the end of the Performance Period, the Participant shall forfeit all rights to a Bonus unless the Participant is employed by the Company or an Affiliate on the day on which payments determined under Section 6.02 are in fact made (or would have been made if a deferred payment election under Section 6.04 had not been executed). However, a Participant shall not forfeit a Bonus for a Performance Period if the Participant is employed by the Company or an Affiliate at the end of the Performance Period and is involuntarily Terminated by the Company or an Affiliate without cause or Terminates by reason of retirement, disability, or death, after the end of the Performance Period, but before the Bonus payment date. Notwithstanding the foregoing, a Covered Associate who Terminates by reason of retirement during a Performance Period shall be entitled to a pro rata portion (based on the number of days worked during the Performance Period) of any Bonus that the Covered Associate would have been eligible to receive for the Performance Period in which his or her retirement occurs had his or her retirement not occurred at all.
(b) | The Company shall have discretion to provide a pro-rated Bonus (subject to meeting the performance condition, if any) to a Participant whose employment with the Company or an Affiliate Terminated by reason of retirement, disability, or death during a Performance Requisite Service -Period.
5. | DETERMINATION OF BONUSES
5.01. | In addition to the vesting requirements of Section 4.04, Bonuses will vest solely on account of: (1) the attainment of one or more pre-established performance objectives and (2) in the case of Covered Associates, the certification described in Section 5. 07 06 .
5.02. | With respect to Bonuses for Covered Associates, the material terms of the performance measure(s) must be disclosed to, and subsequently approved by, the shareholders before the Bonus payout is executed, unless the performance measures conform individually, alternatively or in any combination of the performance criteria and the application thereof in Appendix A.
5.03. | Prior to On or before the completion of 25% of any Performance Period (which, by example, may be Final Pre-Establishment Date:
( a full Fiscal Year or some portion thereof) or, if earlier, 90 days after the beginning of the applicable Performance Period or such earlier date ) For Covered Associates with respect to Bonus opportunities expressed as required under IRC section 162(m), a percentage of Base Salary, the Committee shall initially fix the Base Salary component of the Bonus formula prior to the establishment of the performance objectives. B-4 (b) | The Committee shall in its sole discretion, for each such Performance Period determine and establish in writing a performance measure or performance measures (in accordance with Section 5.02) applicable to the Performance Period to any Covered Associate. Within the same period of time, the Committee (or its designee) for each such Performance Period period shall determine and establish in writing the performance measures applicable to the Performance Period for Participants who are not Covered Associates. Such pre-established performance measures must state, in terms of an objective formula or standard, the method for computing the amount of the Bonus payable to the Participant if the objective(s) is (are) obtained. A formula or standard is objective if a third party having knowledge of the relevant performance results could calculate the amount to be paid to the Participant. The Committee may establish any number of Performance Periods, objectives and Bonuses for any associate running concurrently, in whole or in part, provided, that in so doing the Committee does not jeopardize the Company’s deduction for such Bonuses under IRC section 162(m).
5.04. | On or prior to the date specified in Section 5.03, the (c) The Committee, in its sole discretion, shall either : (a) assign each Participant a target Bonus opportunity level expressed as a percentage of Base Salary or a whole dollar amount (for Covered Associates, Base Salary must be fixed prior to the establishment of performance objectives applicable to a particular Performance Period); ; or (b) establish a payout table or formula for purposes of determining the Bonus (if any) payable to each Participant. The Committee may authorize a designee to establish a payout table or formula for those Participants who are not Covered Associates.
(d) The Committee may establish performance measures for Participants who are not Covered Associates after the Final Pre-Establishment Date based on Base Salary as of any Determination Date determined by the Committee or its designee.
5. 05 04 . | Each payout table or formula:
(a) | shall be in writing;
(b) | shall be based on a comparison of actual performance to the performance objectives;
(c) | may include a “floor” which is the level of achievement of the performance objective in which payout begins;
(d) | shall include a ceiling (a/k/a “stretch”) which is the level of achievement for the maximum Bonus payout percentage (subject to Section 5. 09 08 ); and
(e) | shall provide for a formula for the actual Bonus attainment in relation to the Participant’s target Bonus, depending on the extent to which actual performance approached, reached or exceeded the performance criteria goal subject to Section 5. 09 08 .
5. 06 05 . | In lieu of Bonuses based on a percentage of Base Salary (Section 5. 04 03 ), Bonuses may be based on a percentage or share of a Bonus pool. The Committee (or its designee) shall determine (by the date specified in Section 5.03) the total dollar amount available for Bonuses (or a formula to calculate the total dollar amount available) known as a Bonus pool. The Committee, in its sole discretion, may establish two or more separate Bonus pools and assign the Participants to a particular Bonus pool. The Committee (or its designee in the case of Participants who are not Covered Associates) shall establish in writing a performance payout table or formula detailing the Bonus pool and the payout (or payout formula) based upon the relative level of attainment of performance goals. Each payout table or formula shall (a) be based on a comparison of actual performance to the performance goals, (b) provide the amount of a Participant’s Bonus or total pool dollars available (or a formula to calculate pool dollars available), if the performance goals for the Performance Period are achieved, and (c) provide for an actual Bonus (which may B-5 be based on a formula to calculate the percentage of the pool to be distributed to a particular Participant) based on the extent to which the performance goals were achieved. The payout table or formula may include a “floor” which is the level of achievement of the performance goals in which payout begins. In the case of Bonuses which are stated in terms of a percentage of a Bonus pool, the sum of the individual percentages for all Participants in the pool cannot exceed 100 percent. In no case shall a reduction in a Bonus of one Participant result in an increase in another Participant’s Bonus.
5. 07 06 . | After the end of each Performance Period or such earlier date if the performance objective(s) are achieved, the Committee shall certify in writing, prior to the unconditional payment of any Bonus, which performance objective(s) for the Performance Period were satisfied and to what extent they were satisfied. The Committee (or its designee) shall determine the actual Bonus for each Participant based on the payout table/formula established in Section 5. 05 04 or 5. 06 05 , as the case may be.
5. 08 07 . | The Committee, in its discretion, may cancel or decrease a Bonus calculated under this Plan, but with respect to Covered Associates, may not under any circumstances increase such Bonus calculated under this Plan.
5. 09 08. | Any other provision of the Plan notwithstanding, the maximum aggregate Bonus payable to a Participant for a particular Fiscal Year may not exceed $4,000,000.
6. | PAYMENT OF INCENTIVE BONUSES
6.01. | In General. Once a Bonus has vested and the amount thereof is determined, payment of the Bonus (or the portion thereof not deferred under Section 6.04) shall be made pursuant to Section 6.02 or, if properly and timely elected, pursuant to Section 6.04, shall be deferred in accordance with Section 6.04.
6.02. | Current Payment. A Participant’s Bonus for a Performance Period, which is not deferred in accordance with the provisions of Section 6.04 hereof, and a Participant’s Bonus, whether or not he/she elected deferred-payment thereof, for the Fiscal Year in which his/her employment Terminates, if any, as determined in accordance with Section 4.04, shall be paid in immediately available funds to the Participant, or his/her Beneficiary in the event of his/her death, no later than the later of (a) the 15th day of the third month following the Participant’s first taxable year in which such Bonus is no longer subject to a substantial risk of forfeiture (within the meaning of IRC section 409A) or (b) the 15th day of the third month following the end of the first taxable year of the service recipient (within the meaning of IRC section 409A) in which such Bonus is no longer subject to a substantial risk of forfeiture.
6.03. | Conditional Payment. The Committee may authorize a Payment of a Bonus to a Participant, other than a Covered Employee, based upon the Committee’s good faith determination that the relevant performance objectives have been satisfied. The Conditional Payment, at the discretion of the Committee may be discounted to reasonably reflect the time value of money for the prepayment. The amount of the Conditional Payment that will be returned to the Company is equal to the Conditional Payment less the Bonus payment that has vested, if any. For example, if the floor (see Section 5.05) was not attained for the performance goal or target for the Performance Period, all of the Conditional Payment made for that Performance Period to the Participant must be returned to the Company. Return of all or a portion of the Conditional Payment shall be made reasonably soon after it is determined the extent to which the performance goal or target was not achieved. Conditional payments shall not be made in connection with bonuses that otherwise would be subject to IRC section 409A if paid in the ordinary course. B-6 6.04 | Deferred Payment.
(a) | Highly Compensated Employees. If a Participant in this Plan is a highly compensated employee who participates in the Big Lots, Inc. Amended and Restated Supplemental Savings Plan (the “Top Hat Plan”), as it may be amended and restated from time to time, elections to defer Bonus, elections as to the form of distribution of the deferred amount, establishment of a deferred account, distributions from the deferred accounts, and all other terms governing the deferred payment of a Bonus shall be governed by the terms of the Top Hat Plan. Any election to defer the Bonus of a Participant who participates in the Top Hat Plan will result in an account administered under the Top Hat Plan.
(b) | Other Employees. The terms governing the deferral of a Bonus for Participants who do not participate in the Top Hat Plan are set forth below.
(i) | Elections.
(1) | Performance Periods. Except as provided in Section 6.04(b)(i)(2), a Participant may irrevocably elect in writing to have all or a part of a Bonus (but not less than $5,000) deferred on or before December 31 of the calendar year preceding the calendar year in which the Performance Period begins. At the same time, the Participant also shall elect the form of distribution from the Deferred Bonus Account from among the choices set forth in Section 6.04(b)(v) of the Plan.
(2) | Fiscal Year Bonus. Notwithstanding the foregoing, a Participant may irrevocably elect in writing to have all or a part of a Fiscal Year Bonus (but not less than $5,000) deferred before the first day of the applicable Fiscal Year. At the same time, the Participant shall also elect the form of distribution from the Deferred Bonus Account from among the choices set forth in Section 6.04(b)(v) of the Plan.
Such deferred payment shall be credited to a bookkeeping reserve account which shall be established for the Participant and set up on the books of the Company or an Affiliate and known as his/her “Deferred Bonus Account”.
(ii) | Credits to Deferred Bonus Account. When a Participant has elected to have a part or all of his/her Bonus credited to a Deferred Bonus Account, the unpaid balance in such account shall be credited with a simple annual interest equivalent, as follows: As of the May 1 next following the Fiscal Year for which the deferred Bonus was paid, such Bonus shall become part of the unpaid balance of such Deferred Bonus Account. Such Deferred Bonus Account shall be credited on April 30 of each year with an amount equal to interest on the unpaid balance of such account from time to time outstanding during the year ending on such April 30 at the rate determined by adding together the Three--month Treasury Bill rate on the last banking day prior to the beginning of such year and the Three--month Treasury Bill rate in effect on the last banking days of each of the calendar months of April through March of such year and dividing such total by 12. In the event that the Deferred Bonus Account shall be terminated for any reason prior to April 30 of any year, such account shall upon such termination date be credited with an amount equal to interest at the average Three-month Treasury Bill rate determined as aforesaid on the unpaid balance from time to time outstanding during that portion of such year prior to the date of termination. B-7 (iii) | Alternate Deferral Plans. The Committee, at its discretion, may provide alternate deferral arrangements of which Bonuses under this Plan may be included; provided that such deferral arrangements conform with the requirements imposed by IRC section 409A.
(iv) | Trust Deposits. The Committee, at its discretion, may establish an irrevocable trust in which the assets of the trust are subject to the general creditors of the Company and/or the Affiliate as the case may be. Such trust may upon the occurrence of certain events, as determined by the Committee, receive assets equal to the value of all Participants’ Deferred Bonus Accounts on the date of the event.
(v) | Distribution upon Termination of Employment. Upon Except as provided in clause (vi) below, upon Termination of a Participant’s employment for any reason, the Participant, or his/her Beneficiary in the event of his/her death, shall be entitled to payment of the entire Deferred Bonus Account in one lump-sum payment payable on the date of the first regular payroll after the thirtieth day following the date of Termination of employment, or in ten (10) substantially equal annual installment payments payable as set forth below, as elected by the Participant at the time the Participant elects to defer all or part of his or her Bonus pursuant to Section 6.04(b). Installment Except as provided in clause (vi) below, installment payments shall be payable beginning on the thirtieth day following the date of Termination and, thereafter, on the first regular payroll date of each succeeding Fiscal Year following the year during which the first anniversary of the date of Termination of employment occurs.
(vi) | Six-Month Distribution Delay. Notwithstanding any other provision of the Plan, if the Participant is a “specified employee” (within the meaning of IRC section 409A and the Treasury Regulations promulgated thereunder and as determined under the Company’s policy for determining specified employees) on the date of the Participant’s Termination, and the Participant is entitled to a distribution under the Plan that is required to be delayed pursuant to IRC section 409A(a)(2), then such distribution shall not be paid or provided (or begin to be paid or provided) until the first business day of the seventh month following the Participant’s date of Termination (or, if earlier, the Participant’s death).
(vii) | Distribution in Event of Financial Emergency. If requested by a Participant while in the employ of the Company or an Affiliate and if the Committee (or in the case of Participants who are not Covered Associates, its designee) determines that an Unforeseeable Financial Emergency has occurred with respect to a Participant, all or a portion of the Deferred Bonus Account of the Participant may be distributed at the sole discretion of the Committee (or its designee, as applicable) in an amount no greater than the amount reasonably necessary to satisfy the emergency need (including amounts necessary to pay any Federal, state or local income taxes reasonably anticipated to result from such distribution). The Participant must supply written evidence of the Unforeseeable Financial Emergency and must declare, under penalty of perjury, that the Participant has no other resources available to meet the emergency, including the resources of the Participant’s spouse and minor children that are reasonably available to the Participant. The Participant must also declare that the need cannot be met by reimbursement or compensation by insurance or otherwise, or by reasonable liquidation of the Participant’s assets (or the assets of the spouse or minor children of the Participant) to the extent such B-8 liquidation will not itself cause severe financial hardship. Any such distribution shall be paid within 7 days of the determination by the Committee that an Unforeseeable Financial Emergency exists.
(viii) | Cash Outs. Notwithstanding the provisions in Sections 6.04(b)(v) and (vii), but subject to clause (vi) above, once distributions of the Deferred Bonus Account begin, if the amount remaining in a Participant’s Deferred Bonus Account at any time is less than $5,000, the Committee shall pay the balance in the Participant’s Deferred Bonus Account in a lump sum. within thirty (30) days; provided, however, that the payment results in the termination and liquidation of the Participant’s interest under the Plan and all other plans or arrangements that, along with the Plan, would be treated as a single nonqualified deferred compensation plan under IRC section 409A.
(ix) | Beneficiary Designation.
(1) | A Participant may designate a Beneficiary who is to receive, upon his/her death, the distributions that otherwise would have been paid to him/her. All designations shall be in writing and shall be effective only if and when delivered to the Secretary of the Company during the lifetime of the Participant. If a Participant designates a Beneficiary without providing in the designation that the Beneficiary must be living at the time of each distribution, the designation shall vest in the Beneficiary all of the distribution whether payable before or after the Beneficiary’s death, and any distributions remaining upon the Beneficiary’s death shall be made to the Beneficiary’s estate.
(2) | A Participant may from time to time during his lifetime change his Beneficiary by a written instrument delivered to the Secretary of the Company. In the event a Participant shall not designate a Beneficiary as aforesaid, or if for any reasons such designation shall be ineffective, in whole or in part, the distribution that otherwise would have been paid to such Participant shall be paid to his estate and in such event the term “Beneficiary” shall include his estate.
(x) | Corporate Changes.
(1) | Dissolution or Liquidation of Company. The Company shall cause the dollar balance of a Deferred Bonus Account (adjusted to the end of the month immediately preceding the date of dissolution or liquidation) to be paid out in cash in a lump sum to the Participants, or their Beneficiaries as the case may be, 60 days following the date of a corporate dissolution of the Company taxed under IRC section 331 in accordance with Treasury Regulation §1.409A-3(j)(4)(ix)(A); provided that the amounts in the Deferred Bonus Accounts are included in the Participants’ gross incomes in accordance with Treasury Regulation §1.409A-3(j)(4)(ix)(A).
(2) | Change of Control of Company. In the event of a Change of Control of the Company, the Company may, within thirty days preceding or twelve months following the Change of Control event, irrevocably elect to terminate the Plan and to distribute all Deferred Bonus Accounts under the Plan in accordance with Treasury Regulation §1.409A-3(j)(4)(ix)(B); provided that all agreements, methods, programs and other arrangements sponsored by the Company and all Affiliates immediately after the time of a Change of Control with B-9 respect to which deferrals of compensation are treated as having been deferred under a single plan under Treasury Regulation §1.409A-1(c)(2) are terminated and distributed with respect to each Participant that experienced the Change of Control, so that under the terms of the termination and distribution, all such Participants are required to receive all amounts of compensation deferred under the terminated arrangements within twelve months of the date the Company irrevocably takes all necessary action to terminate and distribute amounts under such arrangements. 7. | RIGHTS OF PARTICIPANTS
7.01. | No Participant or Beneficiary shall have any interest in any fund or in any specific asset or assets of the Company or an Affiliate by reason of any account under the Plan. It is intended that the Company has merely a contractual obligation to make payments when due hereunder and it is not intended that the Company hold any funds in reserve or trust to secure payments hereunder. No Participant may assign, pledge, or encumber his/her interest under the Plan, or any part thereof, except that a Participant may designate a Beneficiary as provided herein.
7.02. | Nothing contained in this Plan shall be construed to give any associate or Participant any right to receive any Bonus other than in the sole discretion of the Committee or any rights whatsoever with respect to the Common Shares of the Company.
8. | NO EMPLOYEE RIGHTS
8.01. | Nothing in the Plan or participation in the Plan shall confer upon any Participant the right to be employed by the Company or an Affiliate or to continue in the employ of the Company or an Affiliate, nor shall anything in the Plan, or participation in the Plan amend, alter or otherwise affect any rights or terms of employment or other benefits arising from that employment.
9. | ADMINISTRATION
9.01. | Administration. The Committee shall have complete authority to administer the Plan, interpret the terms of the Plan, determine eligibility of associates to participate in the Plan, and make all other determinations and take all other actions in accordance with the terms of the Plan and any trust agreement established under Section 6.04(b)(iv). Any determination or decision by the Committee shall be conclusive and binding on all persons who at any time have or claim to have any interest whatever under this Plan.
9.02. | Liability of Committee, Indemnification. To the extent permitted by law, the Committee shall not be liable to any person for any action taken or omitted in connection with the interpretation and administration of this Plan unless attributable to his or her own bad faith or willful misconduct.
9.03. | Expenses. The costs of the establishment, the adoption, and the administration of the Plan, including but not limited to legal and accounting fees, shall be borne by the Company. The expenses of establishing and administering any trust under Section 6.04(b)(iv) shall be borne by the trust; provided, however, that the Company shall bear, and shall not be reimbursed by, the trust for any tax liability of the Company associated with the investment of assets by the trust.
9.04. | Choice of Law. The validity and effect of this Plan and the rights and obligations of all persons affected hereby shall be construed and determined in accordance with the laws of the State of Ohio, unless superseded by federal law, which shall govern correspondingly. B-10 10. | AMENDMENT OR TERMINATION
10.01. | The Committee may modify or amend, in whole or in part, any or all of the provisions of the Plan, except as to those terms or provisions that are required by IRC section 162(m) to be approved by the shareholders, or suspend or terminate the Plan entirely; provided, however, that no such modifications, amendment, suspension or termination may, without the consent of the Participant, or his Beneficiary in the case of his/her death, reduce the right of a Participant, or his/her Beneficiary, as the case may be, to any payment due under the Plan. For the avoidance of doubt, the Committee may amend the Plan as necessary to conform the Plan to the requirements of IRC section 409A. Distributions of Deferred Bonus Accounts on termination of the Plan shall occur only under the circumstances specified in Section 6.04(b)(x) above.
11. | TAX WITHHOLDING
11.01. | The Company or the employing Affiliate shall have the right to deduct from all cash payments any federal, state, or local taxes or other withholding amounts required by law or valid court order to be withheld with respect to such cash payments. Amounts deferred will be taken into account for purposes of any tax or withholding obligation under the Federal Insurance Contribution Act and Federal Unemployment Tax Act, not in the year distributed, but at the later of the year the services are performed or the year in which the rights to the amounts are no longer subject to a substantial risk of forfeiture, as required by IRC sections 3121(v) and 3306(r) and the regulations thereunder. Amounts required to be withheld pursuant to IRC sections 3121(v) and 3306(r) shall be withheld out of other current wages paid to the Participant by the Company or the employing Affiliate, or, if such current wages are insufficient, the Participant shall remit to the Company an amount equal to the applicable tax withholding. The determination of the Company or the employing Affiliate regarding applicable income and employment tax withholding requirements shall be final and binding on the Participant.
12. | CLAIMS PROCEDURE
12.01. | Any Participant (the “claimant”) who believes that he or she is entitled to a benefit under the Plan or that wishes to resolve a dispute or disagreement which arises under, or in any way relates to, the interpretation or construction of the Plan may file a claim with the Committee.
12.02. | If the claim is wholly or partially denied, the Committee will within ninety (90) days of the receipt of such claim provide the claimant with written notice of the denial setting forth in a manner calculated to be understood by the claimant:
(a) | The specific reason or reasons for which the claim was denied;
(b) | Specific reference to pertinent Plan provisions, rules, procedures or protocols upon which the Committee relied to deny the claim;
(c) | A description of any additional material or information that the claimant may file to perfect the claim and an explanation of why this material or information is necessary; and
(d) | An explanation of the Plan’s claims review procedure and the time limits applicable to such procedure and a statement of the claimant’s right to bring a civil action under §502(a) of the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended (“ERISA”), following an adverse determination upon review.
If special circumstances require the extension of the ninety (90) day period described above, the claimant will be notified before the end of the initial period of the circumstances requiring the extension and the date by which the Committee expects to reach a decision. Any extension for deciding a claim will not be for more than an additional ninety (90) day period. B-11 12.03. | Review Procedure. If a claim has been wholly or partially denied, the affected claimant, or such claimant’s authorized representative, may:
(a) | Request that the Committee reconsider its initial denial by filing a written appeal within sixty (60) days after receiving written notice that all or part of the initial claim was denied;
(b) | Review pertinent documents and other material upon which the Committee relied when denying the initial claim; and
(c) | Submit a written description of the reasons for which the claimant disagrees with the Committee’s initial adverse decision.
An appeal of an initial denial of benefits and all supporting material must be made in writing within the time periods described above and directed to the Committee. The Committee is solely responsible for reviewing all benefit claims and appeals and taking all appropriate steps to implement its decision.
The Committee’s decision on review will be sent to the claimant in writing and will include specific reasons for the decision, written in a manner calculated to be understood by the claimant, as well as specific references to the pertinent Plan provisions, rules, procedures or protocols upon which the Committee relied to deny the appeal. The Committee will consider all information submitted by the claimant, regardless of whether the information was part of the original claim. The decision will also include a statement of the claimant’s right to bring an action under ERISA §502(a).
The Committee’s decision on review will be made not later than sixty (60) days after his or her receipt of the request for review, unless special circumstances require an extension of time for processing, in which case a decision will be rendered as soon as possible, but not later than one-hundred-twenty (120) days after receipt of the request for review. This notice to the claimant will indicate the special circumstances requiring the extension and the date by which the Committee expects to render a decision and will be provided to the claimant prior to the expiration of the initial period.
To the extent permitted by law, the decision of the Committee will be final and binding on all parties. No legal action for benefits under the Plan will be brought unless and until the claimant has exhausted such claimant’s remedies under this Section 12.01.
13. | SECTION 409A
13.01. | It is intended that the Plan comply with IRC section 409A and the Treasury Regulations promulgated thereunder, and the Plan will be interpreted, administered and operated accordingly. Nothing herein shall be construed as an entitlement to or guarantee of any particular tax treatment to a Participant, and none of the Company, its Affiliates, the Board or the Committee shall have any liability with respect to any failure to comply with the requirements of IRC section 409A and the Treasury Regulations promulgated thereunder.
13.02. | The Company may accelerate the time or schedule of a distribution to a Participant at any time the Plan fails to meet the requirements of IRC section 409A and the Treasury Regulations promulgated thereunder. Such distribution may not exceed the amount required to be included in income as a result of the failure to comply with IRC section 409A and the Treasury Regulations promulgated thereunder. B-12 APPENDIX A PERFORMANCE
CRITERIA I. | Performance criteria imposed on Bonus opportunities will be derived using the accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America and will be reported or appear in the Company’s filings with the Securities Exchange Commission (including, but not limited to, Forms 8-K, 10-Q and 10-K) or the Company’s annual report to shareholders and will be derived from one or more (or any combination of one or more) of the following:
(a) | Earnings (loss) per common share from continuing operations;
(b) | Earnings (loss) per common share;
(c) | Operating profit (loss), operating income (loss), or income (loss) from operations (as the case may be);
(d) | Income (loss) from continuing operations before unusual or infrequent items;
(e) | Income (loss) from continuing operations;
(f) | Income (loss) from continuing operations before income taxes;
(g) | Income (loss) from continuing operations before extraordinary item and /or cumulative effect of a change in accounting principle (as the case may be);
(h) | Income (loss) before extraordinary item and/or cumulative effect of a change in accounting principle (as the case may be);
(i) | Net income (loss);
(j) | Income (loss) before other comprehensive income (loss);
(k) | Comprehensive income (loss);
(l) | Income (loss) before interest and income taxes (sometimes referred to as “EBIT”);
(m) | Income (loss) before interest, income taxes, depreciation and amortization (sometimes referred to as “EBITDA”);
(n) | Any other objective and specific income (loss) category or non-GAAP financial measure that appears as a line item in the Company’s periodic filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission or the annual report to shareholders;
(o) | Any of items (c) through (n) on a weighted average common shares outstanding basis;
(p) | Any of items (a) through (n) on a diluted basis as (p) Either of items (a) or (b) on a basic basis and any of items (c) through (n) on a basic earnings per share basis, as basic earnings per share is defined in Financial Accounting Standards Board (“FASB”) Accounting Standards Codification (“ASC”) 260, Earnings Per Share (formerly Statement of Financial Accounting Standards (“SFAS”) No. 128), including authoritative interpretations or amendments thereof which may be issued from time to time as long as such interpretations or amendments are utilized on the consolidated statements of operations or statement of operations, as applicable, or in the notes to the consolidated financial statements; B-13 (q) | Either of items (a) or (b) on a diluted basis and any of items (c) through (n) on a diluted earnings per share basis, as diluted per share is defined in the Financial Accounting Standards Board (“FASB”) Accounting Standards Codification (“ASC”) 260 – Earnings Per Share (formerly Statement of Financial Accounting Standards (“SFAS”) No. 128) including authoritative interpretations or amendments thereof which may be issued from time to time as long as such interpretations or amendments are utilized on the consolidated statements of operations or statement of operations, as applicable, or in the notes to the consolidated financial statements;
( q r ) | Common share price;
( r s ) | Total shareholder return expressed on a dollar or percentage basis as is customarily disclosed in the proxy statement accompanying the notice of annual meetings of shareholders;
( s t ) | Percentage increase in comparable store sales;
( t u ) | Gross profit (loss) or gross margin (loss) (as the case may be);
( u v ) | Economic value added;
(v) | w) Return measures (including, but not limited to, return on assets, capital, invested capital, equity, sales, or revenue):
(x) | Expense targets;
(y) | Cash flow (including, but not limited to, operating cash flow, free cash flow, cash flow return on equity, and cash flow return on investment):
(z) | Productivity ratios;
(aa) | Market share;
(bb) | Customer satisfaction;
(cc) | Working capital targets and change in working capital;
(dd) | Any of items (a) through ( u cc ) with respect to any subsidiary, Affiliate, business unit, business group, business venture or legal entity, including any combination thereof, or controlled directly or indirectly by the Company whether or not such information is included in the Company’s annual report to shareholders, proxy statement or notice of annual meeting of shareholders;
( w ee ) | Any of items (a) through ( u cc ) above may be determined before or after a minority interest’s share as designated by the Committee;
( x ff ) | Any of items (a) through ( u cc) above with respect to the period of service to which the performance goal relates whether or not such information is included in the Company’s SEC filings, annual report to shareholders, proxy statement or notice of annual meetings of shareholders;
( y gg ) | Total shareholder return ranking position meaning the relative placement of the Company’s total shareholder return [as determined in ( r s ) above] compared to those publicly held companies in the Company’s peer group as established by the Committee prior to the beginning of a vesting period or such later date as permitted under the Code. The peer group shall be comprised of not less than eight and not more than sixteen companies, including the Company; or B-14 ( z hh ) | With respect to items (a), (b), (o ), (p ) and ( p q ) above, other terminology may be used for “earnings (loss) per common share” ( each such as performance criteria (including, but not limited to, “Basic EPS,” “income (loss) per common share,” “diluted EPS,” or “ income (loss) earnings per common share-assuming dilution”) as contemplated by ASC 260 – Earnings Per Share (formerly SFAS No. 128), as amended, revised or superseded.
(ii) | To avoid a circular reference, the Committee may establish any of the performance measures above computed without taking into account an amount reflected therein related to Bonuses awarded the Plan. The Committee shall explicitly state such exclusion of the Bonuses when establishing the material terms of the performance measure. If the performance measure (considered without this exclusion of the Bonuses) reflects an income tax effect of the Bonuses, this exclusion should reflect the corresponding income tax effects attributable thereto.
II. | The Committee in its sole discretion, in setting the performance objectives in the time prescribed in Section 5, may provide for the making of equitable adjustments (including the income tax effects attributable thereto), singularly or in combination, to the performance criteria (in Section I of this Appendix) in recognition of unusual or non-recurring events, transactions and accruals for the effect of the following qualifying objective items (or any particular item(s) within the following items or portion(s) thereof):
( aa a ) | Asset impairments as described in ASC 360 – Property, Plant, & Equipment (formerly SFAS No. 144), as amended, revised or superseded;
( bb b ) | Costs associated with exit or disposal activities as described by ASC 420 – Exit or Disposal Cost Obligations (formerly SFAS No. 146), as amended, revised or superseded;
( cc c ) | Impairment charges (excluding the amortization thereof) related to goodwill or other intangible assets, as described by ASC 350 – Intangibles – Goodwill and Other (formerly SFAS No. 142), as amended, revised or superseded;
(dd) | Merger integration costs;
(ee) | Merger transaction costs;
(ff (d) | Integration costs related to all merger and acquisition activity of the Company and/or its Affiliates, including, without limitation, any merger, acquisition, reverse merger, triangular merger, tender offer, consolidation, amalgamation, arrangement, security exchange, business combination or any other purchase or sale involving the Company and/or its Affiliates (or foreign equivalent of any of the foregoing);
(e) | Transaction costs related to all merger and acquisition activity of the Company and/or its Affiliates, including, without limitation, any merger, acquisition, reverse merger, triangular merger, tender offer, consolidation, amalgamation, arrangement, security exchange, business combination or any other purchase or sale involving the Company and/or its Affiliates (or foreign equivalent of any of the foregoing);
(f ) | Any profit or loss attributable to the business operations of a reportable specified segment as described by in ASC 280 – Segment Reporting (formerly SFAS No. 131), as amended, revised or superseded;
( gg g) | Any profit or loss attributable to a reportable specified segment as described by in ASC 280 – Segment Reporting (formerly SFAS No. 131), as amended, revised or superseded or , acquired during the Performance Period or an entity or entities acquired during the period of service Performance Period to which the performance goal relates;
( hh h ) | Any specified Tax settlement(s) (or combination thereof) with a Tax authority; B-15 ( ii i ) | The relevant Tax effect (s) of new Tax legislation enacted laws or regulations, or amendments thereto, that become effective after the beginning of the Performance Period or other changes in Tax law ;
( jj j ) | Any extraordinary item, event or transaction as described in ASC 225-20 – Income Statement – Extraordinary and Unusual Items (formerly Accounting Principles Board Opinion (“APB”) No. 30), as amended, revised or superseded;
( kk k ) | Any unusual in nature, or infrequent in occurrence items, events or transactions (that are not “extraordinary” items) as described in ASC 225-20 – Income Statement – Extraordinary and Unusual Items (formerly APB No. 30), as amended, revised or superseded;
( ll l ) | Any other non-recurring items, any events or transactions that do not constitute ongoing operations, or other non-GAAP financial measures (not otherwise listed);
( mm m ) | Any change in accounting principle as described in ASC 250-10 Accounting Changes and Error Corrections (formerly SFAS No. 154), as amended, revised or superseded;
( nn n ) | Unrealized gains or losses on investments in debt and equity securities as described in ASC 320 – Investments – Debt and Equity Securities (formerly SFAS No. 115), as amended, revised or superseded;
( oo o ) | Any gain or loss recognized as a result of derivative instrument transactions or other hedging activities as described in ASC 815 – Derivatives and Hedging (formerly SFAS No. 133), as amended, revised or superseded;
( pp p ) | Shares-based compensation charges as described in ASC 718 – Compensation – Stock Compensation and ASC 505-50 Equity-Based Payments to Non-Employees (formerly SFAS No. 123R), as amended, revised or superseded;
( qq q ) | Any gain or loss as reported as a component of other comprehensive income as described in ASC 220 – Comprehensive Income (formerly SFAS No. 130), as amended, revised or superseded;
( rr r ) | Any expense (or reversal thereof) as a result of incurring an obligation for a direct or indirect guarantee, as described in ASC 460 – Guarantees (formerly FASB Interpretations (“FIN”) No. 45), as amended, revised or superseded;
( ss s ) | Any gain or loss as the result of the consolidation of a variable interest entity as described in ASC 810 - Consolidation (formerly FIN No. 46), as amended, revised or superseded;
( tt t ) | Any expense, gain or loss (including, but not limited to, judgments, interest on judgments, settlement amounts, attorneys’ fees and costs, filing fees, experts’ fees, and damages sustained as a result of the imposition of injunctive relief) as a result of claims, litigation, judgments or lawsuit settlement (including collective actions or class action lawsuits); or
( uu u ) | Any charges associated with the early retirement of debt obligations. B-16 ATTN:
GENERAL COUNSEL 300 PHILLIPI ROAD COLUMBUS, OH
43228 VOTE BY INTERNET - www.proxyvote.com Use the Internet to transmit your voting
instructions and for electronic delivery of information up until 11:59 P.M. EDT
on May 28, 2014. Have your proxy card in hand when you access the web site and
follow the instructions to obtain your records and to create an electronic
voting instruction form. ELECTRONIC DELIVERY OF
FUTURE PROXY MATERIALS If you
would like to reduce the costs incurred by our company in mailing proxy
materials, you can consent to receiving all future proxy statements, proxy
cards, annual reports and notices of Internet availability of proxy materials,
as applicable, electronically via e-mail or the Internet. To sign up for
electronic delivery, please follow the instructions above to vote using the
Internet and, when prompted, indicate that you agree to receive or access proxy
materials electronically in future years. VOTE BY
MAIL Mark, sign and date your
proxy card and return it in the postage-paid envelope we have provided or return
it to Vote Processing, c/o Broadridge, 51 Mercedes Way, Edgewood, NY
11717. TO VOTE, MARK BLOCKS BELOW IN BLUE OR BLACK INK AS FOLLOWS:
M72688-P51598-Z62830 | KEEP THIS PORTION FOR YOUR RECORDS
DETACH AND RETURN THIS PORTION ONLY
THIS PROXY CARD IS VALID ONLY WHEN SIGNED AND DATED. BIG LOTS, INC. | For All | Withhold All | For All Except
1. | ELECTION OF DIRECTORS. The Board of Directors recommends a vote FOR the election of the nominees named below: | c | c | c
01) | Jeffrey P. Berger | 06) | Philip E. Mallott
02) | David J. Campisi | 07) | Russell Solt
03) | James R. Chambers | 08) | James R. Tener
04) | Peter J. Hayes | 09) | Dennis B. Tishkoff
05) | Brenda J. Lauderback To withhold authority to vote for any individual nominee(s), mark “For All Except” and write the number(s) of the nominee(s) on the line below. For | Against | Abstain
2. | APPROVAL OF THE AMENDED AND RESTATED BIG LOTS 2012 LONG-TERM INCENTIVE PLAN. The Board of Directors recommends a vote FOR the approval of the amended and restated Big Lots 2012 Long-Term Incentive Plan. | c | c | c
3. | APPROVAL OF THE AMENDED AND RESTATED BIG LOTS 2006 BONUS PLAN. The Board of Directors recommends a vote FOR the approval of the amended and restated Big Lots 2006 Bonus Plan. | c | c | c
4. | APPROVAL, ON AN ADVISORY BASIS, OF THE COMPENSATION OF OUR NAMED EXECUTIVE OFFICERS. The Board of Directors recommends a vote FOR the approval of the compensation of Big Lots' named executive officers, as disclosed in the Proxy Statement pursuant to Item 402 of Regulation S-K, including the Compensation Discussion and Analysis, compensation tables and the narrative discussion accompanying the tables. | c | c | c
5. | RATIFICATION OF THE APPOINTMENT OF DELOITTE & TOUCHE LLP AS OUR INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM FOR FISCAL 2014. The Board of Directors recommends a vote FOR the ratification of the appointment of Deloitte & Touche LLP as Big Lots' independent registered public accounting firm for the 2014 fiscal year. | c | c | c
6. | CONSIDERATION OF A SHAREHOLDER PROPOSAL RELATING TO PROXY ACCESS. The Board of Directors recommends a vote AGAINST the approval of the shareholder proposal relating to proxy access. | c | c | c
The undersigned hereby expressly revokes any and all proxies heretofore given or executed by him/her with respect to the common shares of Big Lots represented by this proxy card.
Please date and sign as your name(s) appear(s) hereon. When signing as attorney, executor, administrator, or other fiduciary, please give full title as such. Joint owners should each sign personally. If a corporation, partnership or other entity, please sign in full entity name by authorized officer. Signature [PLEASE SIGN WITHIN BOX] | Date Signature (Joint Owners) | Date Important Notice
Regarding the Availability of Proxy Materials for the Annual Meeting
of Shareholders of Big Lots, Inc. To Be Held on May 29, 2014: Big Lots, Inc.'s Notice of
Annual Meeting of Shareholders and Proxy Statement and Annual Report on Form
10-K for the fiscal year ended February 1, 2014 are available at
www.proxyvote.com. M72689-P51598-Z62830 BIG LOTS, INC. Proxy
Solicited on Behalf of the Board of Directors for the May 29, 2014 Annual
Meeting of Shareholders The individual(s) signing
on the reverse side of this proxy card as a shareholder or an attorney,
executor, administrator, authorized officer or other fiduciary of the
shareholder (collectively referred to as the "Owner") hereby appoints David J.
Campisi, Timothy A. Johnson and Ronald D. Parisotto, and each of them, with full
power of substitution, as proxies for the Owner to attend the Annual Meeting of
Shareholders of Big Lots, Inc. ("Big Lots"), to be held at 300 Phillipi Road,
Columbus, Ohio, at 9:00 a.m. EDT on May 29, 2014, and at any postponement or
adjournment thereof, and to vote and act with respect to all common shares of
Big Lots which the Owner would be entitled to vote, with all the power the Owner
would possess if present in person, as indicated on the reverse side of this
proxy card. This proxy, when properly
executed, will be voted in the manner specified by the Owner. If the Owner does
not specify a choice as to a proposal, excluding broker non-votes, the
above-named proxies will vote the common shares: (i) FOR the election of
each of the nominees named on the reverse side of this proxy card (Proposal
One); (ii) FOR the approval of the amended and restated Big Lots 2012
Long-Term Incentive Plan (Proposal Two); (iii) FOR the approval of the
amended and restated Big Lots 2006 Bonus Plan (Proposal Three); (iv) FOR the approval, on an advisory basis, of the compensation of Big Lots' named
executive officers, as disclosed in the Proxy Statement pursuant to Item 402 of
Regulation S-K, including the Compensation Disclosure and Analysis, compensation
tables and the narrative discussion accompanying the tables (Proposal Four); (v) FOR the ratification of Deloitte & Touche LLP as Big Lots'
independent registered public accounting firm for
fiscal 2014 (Proposal Five); and (vi) AGAINST the shareholder
proposal relating to proxy access (Proposal Six). If any nominee named for
election as a director is unable to serve or for good cause will not serve, this
proxy will be voted by the above-named proxies for such substitute nominee(s) as
recommended by Big Lots' Board of Directors. The above-named proxies will vote
the common shares in accordance with the recommendations of Big Lots' Board of
Directors on such other business as may properly come before the Annual Meeting
of Shareholders. The Owner acknowledges receipt of the accompanying Notice of
Annual Meeting of Shareholders and Proxy Statement for the May 29, 2014 meeting
and the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended February 1,
2014. PLEASE SIGN AND DATE ON
THE REVERSE SIDE