424B4 1 d496227d424b4.htm 424B4 424B4 Table of Contents Filed pursuant to 424(b)(4) Registration No. 333-278515 PROSPECTUS Viking Holdings Ltd 64,041,668 Ordinary Shares This is an initial public offering of the ordinary shares of Viking Holdings Ltd. We are offering 11,000,000 ordinary shares and
the selling shareholders identified in this prospectus are offering an aggregate of 53,041,668 ordinary shares. We will not receive any proceeds from the sale of ordinary shares by the selling shareholders. Prior to this offering, there has been no
public market for our ordinary shares. The initial public offering price is $24.00 per ordinary share. Our ordinary shares have been approved for listing on the New York Stock Exchange (“NYSE”) under the symbol “VIK.” We have two classes of shares: ordinary shares and special shares. The rights of the holders of our ordinary shares and our
special shares are identical, except with respect to voting, conversion and transfer rights. Each ordinary share is entitled to one vote per share and each special share is entitled to 10 votes per share. Each special share may be converted at any
time into one ordinary share at the option of the holder and will convert automatically into one ordinary share upon transfer, subject to certain exceptions. See “Description of Share Capital.” As a result of its ownership of special
shares, our principal shareholder (as defined herein) will hold approximately 86.9% of the voting power of our issued and outstanding share capital following the consummation of this offering. As a result of our principal shareholder’s
ownership, we will be a “controlled company” within the meaning of the rules of the NYSE, and we intend to rely on certain of the controlled company exemptions under the NYSE corporate governance rules. Investing in our ordinary shares involves risks. See “ Risk Factors ” on
page 31. We are a “foreign private issuer” under applicable Securities and Exchange Commission rules and
will be eligible for reduced public company disclosure requirements. See “Prospectus Summary—Implications of Being a Foreign Private Issuer.” Price to Public | Underwriting Discounts and Commissions (1) | Proceeds, Before Expenses, to Us | Proceeds, Before Expenses, to the Selling Shareholders
Per Ordinary Share | $ | 24.00 | $ | 1.20 | $ | 22.80 | $ | 22.80
Total | $ | 1,537,000,032.00 | $ | 76,850,001.60 | $ | 250,800,000.00 | $ | 1,209,350,030.40 (1) | We have agreed to reimburse the underwriters for certain expenses in connection with this offering. See “Underwriting” for additional information regarding underwriting compensation. Neither the
Securities and Exchange Commission nor any state securities commission has approved or disapproved of these securities or determined if this prospectus is truthful or complete. Any representation to the contrary is a criminal offense. The selling shareholders have granted to the underwriters a 30-day option to purchase up
to 9,606,248 additional ordinary shares from the selling shareholders at the initial public offering price less the underwriting discounts and commissions. Norges Bank Investment Management, a division of Norges Bank (the “cornerstone investor”), has indicated an interest
in purchasing up to an aggregate of $100 million in ordinary shares in this offering at the initial public offering price. The ordinary shares to be purchased by the cornerstone investor will not be subject to a lock-up agreement with the
underwriters. Because this indication of interest is not a binding agreement or commitment to purchase, the cornerstone investor may determine to purchase more, less or no shares in this offering or the underwriters may determine to sell more, less
or no shares to the cornerstone investor. The underwriters will receive the same underwriting discounts and commissions on any of our ordinary shares purchased by the cornerstone investor as they will from any other ordinary shares sold to the
public in this offering. The underwriters expect to deliver the ordinary shares on or about May 3, 2024. (in alphabetical order) BofA Securities | J.P. Morgan | UBS Investment Bank | Wells Fargo Securities HSBC | Morgan Stanley Rothschild & Co | Stifel Drexel Hamilton | Loop Capital Markets | R. Seelaus & Co., LLC The date of this prospectus is April 30, 2024. Table of Contents ONE BRAND Table of Contents Table of Contents Destination focused and culturally immersive Table of Contents Viking By the Numbers 92 vessels 650,000 guests 2023,51# Returning $4.7 billion 2023 Total revenue 14.4% 2015-2023 total
revenue cagr 10,000+ employees from 90+countries Table of Contents One of the world's leading cruise lines Table of Contents TABLE OF CONTENTS LETTER FROM OUR FOUNDER, CHAIRMAN AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER | i
PROSPECTUS SUMMARY | 1
RISK FACTORS | 31
SPECIAL NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS | 66
USE OF PROCEEDS | 68
DIVIDEND POLICY | 69
CAPITALIZATION | 70
DILUTION | 72
MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS | 74
INDUSTRY | 96
BUSINESS | 98
MANAGEMENT | 131
PRINCIPAL AND SELLING SHAREHOLDERS | 141 CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS | 143
DESCRIPTION OF SHARE CAPITAL | 146
SHARES ELIGIBLE FOR FUTURE SALE | 158
TAX CONSIDERATIONS | 160
UNDERWRITING | 163
EXPENSES OF THIS OFFERING | 171
LEGAL MATTERS | 172
EXPERTS | 172
SERVICE OF PROCESS AND ENFORCEMENT OF CIVIL LIABILITIES | 173
WHERE YOU CAN FIND MORE INFORMATION | 174
INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS | F-1 Neither we, the selling shareholders nor the underwriters have authorized anyone to provide you with any information or make
any representation other than the information contained in this prospectus, any amendment or supplement to this prospectus or in any free writing prospectus we may authorize to be delivered or made available to you. We, the selling shareholders and
the underwriters take no responsibility for, and can provide no assurance as to the reliability of, any information other than the information in this prospectus or in any free writing prospectus we may authorize to be delivered or made available to
you. The information contained in this prospectus is accurate only as of the date on the front of this prospectus, regardless of the time of delivery of this prospectus or any sale of ordinary shares. Our business, financial condition and results of
operations may have changed since the date on the cover page of this prospectus. This prospectus is not an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy these ordinary shares in any circumstances under which such offer or solicitation is
unlawful. Through and including May 25, 2024 (the 25th day after the date of this prospectus), all dealers effecting
transactions in these securities, whether or not participating in this offering, may be required to deliver a prospectus. This is in addition to a dealer’s obligation to deliver a prospectus when acting as an underwriter and with respect to an
unsold allotment or subscription. For investors outside the United States: Neither we, the selling shareholders nor the
underwriters have done anything that would permit this offering or possession or distribution of this prospectus in any jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required, other than in the United States. Persons outside of the United States who
come into possession of this prospectus must inform themselves about, and observe any restrictions relating to, this offering and the distribution of this prospectus outside of the United States. Table of Contents Table of Contents LETTER FROM OUR FOUNDER, CHAIRMAN AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER Dear Prospective Shareholder, Since our humble beginnings in 1997, Viking has always done things differently from others in the travel industry. When we
started this company 27 years ago, it was just two guys with two mobile phones and four river ships. We saw an opportunity to create high-end travel experiences for individuals who seek more than just a
vacation—people who want to learn more about the history, art and culture of their destination. Many of these individuals subscribe to a personal philosophy of mine—that time is the only truly scarce commodity. And what better way of
spending time is there than traveling—continuing to educate ourselves and broaden our minds? Our journey We started with river cruising, a concept that at the time was largely unknown to North American travelers. Many of the
world’s civilizations developed along rivers—Vienna and Budapest on the Danube; Basel and Cologne on the Rhine; Paris on the Seine; Luxor on the Nile—with fascinating history and scenery along the riverbanks. We developed
destination-focused river cruises with vessels that are small compared to ocean ships, but with the same luxurious hotel-style amenities to which travelers have become accustomed. Our guests soon discovered that by sailing on small vessels that can
dock in the heart of cities, they have more time in port and more opportunities for cultural immersion. What happened from there was historic—river cruising became one of the fastest growing segments of travel, and Viking became a household
name. As we spoke with our guests, we learned just how much they appreciated “the Viking way” of travel. They
wanted to have a similar experience on the oceans to what we had been offering on the rivers. Our guests valued the focus on cultural immersion and the serene and quiet environment of our small ships, and they wanted to explore more parts of the
world that our river ships could not reach: Athens, Hong Kong, Istanbul, London and other iconic cities. This led us to launch Viking Ocean in 2015. In doing so, we redefined the concept of ocean cruising. Our guests continue to tell us that they want to travel to new places and experience more with Viking, both further afield and
closer to home. In 2022, we perfected the expedition experience with the launch of Viking Expeditions and our journeys to Antarctica, the Arctic and North America’s Great Lakes—and we modernized Mississippi River journeys with the arrival
of the Viking Mississippi . Today, we are a global leader in experiential travel, with a fleet of nearly 100
vessels, exploring all seven continents, all five oceans and more than 20 iconic rivers. We are the first and only travel company to be rated #1 for Rivers, #1 for Oceans and #1 for Expeditions by Condé Nast Traveler . And, all of this
we do under just one brand: Viking. Reasons for our success As we reflect on the past 27 years, Viking has achieved remarkable milestones—in large part because we are so different
from others in the travel industry. First of all, we obsess over our guests and our employees. We maintain a clear focus
on our most relevant customer group: English-speaking travelers aged 55 years old and over, who have the time, money and desire to explore the world. We do not try to be all things to all people, which is why we only offer a single-language
experience on board our ships; there are no casinos; and children under 18 are not allowed. I would also say that we have the best staff in the industry—a global workforce that represents over 90 nationalities. We value our employees deeply,
and in turn, they deliver exceptional service to our guests. i Table of Contents Secondly, our product is well-defined and consistent. Our signature
Scandinavian design provides guests with an elegant and familiar feeling of home on board our ships—and we have been quite conscious in the design of our ships, maximizing space utilization by avoiding features that are unnecessary for our
target customers. This has allowed us to deliver a superior product at competitive prices. Our guests know they can expect a consistent, excellent experience on each voyage they take with us, which has led to strong brand loyalty and high repeat
guest rates. Thirdly, we rely on direct marketing to drive the majority of our bookings. With significant investments in
marketing across various channels and the ability for customers to book directly with Viking, we have the ability to generate demand rather than wait for third parties to do so for us. Finally, we are contrarian in our investment decisions. We have used periods of economic downturn or lower consumer demand to
secure favorable conditions for our future newbuilding program in the form of competitive prices and attractive financing. Our
commitment to the environment Our responsibility extends beyond providing exceptional travel experiences. From the
outset, Viking has been deliberately concerned about the environment, making decisions that we believe are scientifically correct, rather than what is deemed as politically correct. Our fleet boasts many environmentally friendly features, such as
diesel-electric river ships and energy-efficient ocean vessels equipped with closed-loop exhaust scrubbers. We are working to make our next generation of ocean ships even more environmentally friendly, with a project for a partial hybrid propulsion
system of liquid hydrogen and fuel cells, which could allow us to operate with zero emissions while in port and while traveling at low speeds. Opportunities for further development Looking toward the future, we believe there are a number of opportunities for growing Viking. We have 24 new ships on order,
with options for 12 more. We have also started to enter new markets, such as China and elsewhere in Asia, where we see significant growth potential over the long term. Additionally, just as we have expanded our travel platform throughout our history, we are exploring other products, such as
safaris and land tours, that would allow our guests to explore more of the world in Viking comfort. Experiences that appeal to our guests’ interests can complement our cruise offerings and would continue to cover “white spots” that
still exist on the world map. We view Viking as the premier provider of travel experiences for thinking people aged 55 and over. Thoughtfully expanding our travel platform further with new experiences that are a consistent extension of the Viking
brand would enable us to capture a greater share of our guests’ travel spend. Becoming a public company We view going public as a natural move to further solidify our position as a great company. Throughout my career, I have always
defined a great company as one that is: loved by its customers, loved by its employees and feared by its competitors. Becoming a public company will increase our financial flexibility and may help us realize future opportunities. Though the transition from private to public can be seen as a daunting change, Viking has from the very beginning operated in
ways that are not all that dissimilar from those of a public company. We have had a board of directors composed mainly of non-management and external members; we have made decisions based on facts and data; we
have aligned our management compensation with our shareholders’ interests; and we have raised capital from various sources, including private equity funds and the bond market. ii Table of Contents Of course, becoming public will inevitably bring change to Viking, but there
are several key things that I feel strongly should not change. 1. | We will continue to obsess over our guests. We will do so by continuing to offer them an excellent travel experience at a good value, achieved through the design of our vessels, the service delivered by our staff and the effectiveness of our direct marketing and distribution model. 2. | We will continue to treat all Viking employees as part of a family. We shall seek to keep the family ethos that has been foundational to our company culture since the beginning. 3. | We will continue to be contrarian. We will always emphasize the importance of a long-term view and shareholder value creation, rather than focusing solely on quarterly results. This may mean making use of unusual opportunities as they come along, even if short-term profitability is impacted. 4. | We will continue to do what is right when it comes to the environment. We already have very fuel-efficient river and ocean ships, and we are now working on a project for future ocean ships based partially on liquefied hydrogen and fuel cells, which would be a true zero emission solution. We are proud of what we have accomplished in the last 27 years, as well as our potential for the future. I invite you to join
us on this journey and become part of the Viking family. Whether you are a guest, an employee or a shareholder, we believe you will find that Viking’s greatest strengths lie in our differences. Onwards, Torstein Hagen Founder, Chairman and CEO Viking iii Table of Contents ABOUT THIS PROSPECTUS As used in this prospectus, unless the context otherwise requires, references to “we,” “us,”
“our,” “our business,” the “Company,” “Viking” and similar references refer to Viking Holdings Ltd and, where appropriate, its consolidated subsidiaries. PRESENTATION OF FINANCIAL INFORMATION AND CERTAIN DEFINITIONS Presentation of Financial Information Our audited consolidated financial statements as of December 31, 2022 and 2023 and for the years ended December 31,
2021, 2022 and 2023 included in this prospectus have been prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards (“IFRS”), as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board (“IASB”). The summary
consolidated financial information as of December 31, 2019, 2020 and 2021 and for the years ended December 31, 2019 and 2020 has been derived from our consolidated financial statements that are not included in this prospectus. We have made rounding adjustments to reach some of the figures included in this prospectus. As a result, numerical figures
shown as totals in some tables may not be arithmetic aggregations of the figures that precede them. In this prospectus,
unless otherwise indicated, all references to “U.S. dollars,” “dollars” or “$” are to the lawful currency of the United States of America and all references to “euro” or “€” are to the lawful
currency of the participating Member States in the Third Stage of European Economic and Monetary Union of the Treaty Establishing the European Community, as amended from time to time. Presentation of Other Data and Certain Definitions Unless otherwise specified or the context requires otherwise in this prospectus, all references to: • | “Adjusted EBITDA” are to EBITDA (consolidated net income (loss) adjusted for interest income, interest expense, income tax expense and depreciation, amortization and impairment) as further adjusted for non-cash Private Placement derivatives gains and losses, loss on Private Placement refinancing, currency gains or losses, stock-based compensation expense and other financial income (loss) (which include forward gains and losses, gain or loss on disposition of assets, certain non-cash fair value adjustments, restructuring charges and non-recurring items); • | “Adjusted EBITDA Margin” are to the ratio, expressed as a percentage, of Adjusted EBITDA divided by Adjusted Gross Margin; • | “Adjusted FCF Conversion” are to the ratio, expressed as a percentage, of Adjusted FCF divided by Adjusted EBITDA; • | “Adjusted Free Cash Flow” or “Adjusted FCF” are to net cash flow from (used in) operating activities as adjusted for interest paid, interest payments for lease liabilities, interest received, and Ongoing Capex, as further adjusted for cash portion of interest expense related to our Series C Preference Shares. Our Series C Preference Shares will automatically convert into ordinary shares immediately prior to the consummation of this offering; • | “Adjusted Gross Margin” are to gross margin adjusted for vessel operating expenses and ship depreciation and impairment. Gross margin is calculated pursuant to IFRS as total revenue less total cruise operating expenses and ship depreciation and impairment; • | “Advance Bookings” are to the aggregate ticketed amount for guest bookings for our voyages at a specific point in time, and include bookings for cruises, land extensions and air; iv Table of Contents • | “average age” are, for ships or vessels, to average age of those ships or vessels weighted by berth; • | “berth” are to a space for one passenger. Almost all of our staterooms are double occupancy, or two berth staterooms, but we have some staterooms that are single occupancy, or single berth staterooms; • | “CAGR” are to compound annual growth rate; • | “Capacity Passenger Cruise Days” or “Capacity PCDs,” with respect to any given period, are to measurements of capacity that represent, for each ship operating during the relevant period, the number of berths multiplied by the number of Ship Operating Days, determined on an aggregated basis for all ships in operation during the relevant period; • | “China JV Investment” are to the joint venture between us and China Merchants Shekou, a subsidiary of China Merchants Group, to build a cruise line offering Chinese coastal sailing for Mandarin-speaking populations in China. The China JV Investment is comprised of two primary entities: CMV and SCM. We have a 10% interest in CMV. We have a 50% interest in SCM; • | “China Outbound” are to our outbound river cruise product marketed to Mandarin-speaking passengers. China Outbound is separate from the China JV Investment and wholly owned by us; • | “CMV” are to China Merchants Viking Cruises Limited, the entity of the China JV Investment that contracts with passengers and owns and operates the China JV Investment’s first ship; • | “direct” in relationship to the sales distribution channel are to passengers who purchased their cruise packages directly from us; • | “guest quality ratings” are to a metric that represents the average response provided by our guests when completing the onboard surveys provided in staterooms on each voyage (one per guest). These responses are collected on a 4-level scale, with 1 – Poor, 2 – Fair, 3 – Good, and 4 – Great; • | “Invested Capital” are to the average of the most recent four quarters of indebtedness, gross of loan fees, less cash and cash equivalents, plus total shareholders’ equity; • | “large public cruise lines” are to Carnival Corporation, Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings Ltd. and Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd.; • | “Net Promoter Score” are to a metric that helps companies measure customer loyalty and that predicts overall company growth. Net Promoter Scores are measured through customer response to a single question on how likely they are to recommend the product or service to others and are reported with a number that ranges from -100 to +100. A higher score is more desirable, and score ranges tend to vary by industry. Viking’s score is calculated by asking guests, “How likely are you to recommend Viking Cruises to a friend?” on a 0 to 10 scale. Percent 9 to 10 is calculated (as promoters), percent 7 to 8 is ignored (passives) and percent 0 to 6 (detractors) is calculated and subtracted from the percent of 9 to 10 scores. This results in a composite measure of share of promoters less share of detractors; • | “Net Yield” are to Adjusted Gross Margin divided by Passenger Cruise Days; • | “NM” are to certain metrics that were not meaningful and as such were excluded, including due to the impact of the novel coronavirus (“COVID-19”); • | “North America” and “North American” are to the United States of America and Canada; • | “Occupancy” are to the ratio, expressed as a percentage, of Passenger Cruise Days to Capacity Passenger Cruise Days with respect to any given period. Contrary to many of our competitors, we do not allow more than two passengers to occupy a two-berth stateroom. Additionally, we have guests who choose to travel alone and are willing to pay higher prices for single occupancy in a two-berth stateroom. As a result, our Occupancy cannot exceed 100%, and may be less than 100%, even if all our staterooms are booked; • | “onboard revenue” are to revenue generated during the course of a cruise and consists primarily of optional shore excursion revenue, onboard bar revenue and shop revenue; v Table of Contents • | “Ongoing Capex” are to investments in property, plant and equipment and intangible assets (“PP&E”), adjusted to exclude additions to PP&E for vessels and ships under construction and additions to PP&E for vessels and ships delivered in the relevant period; • | “our Antarctic expedition market share” are to our share of passenger volume for all expedition vessels that carried guests to Antarctica, where passenger volume is defined as the total number of passengers carried on non-governmental expeditions on ships which can land on shore as reported to the Secretariat of the Antarctic Treaty Electronic Information Exchange System. The Antarctic season spans from the fourth quarter of a calendar year to the first quarter of the following calendar year; • | “our core products” are to Viking River, Viking Ocean, Viking Expedition and Viking Mississippi; • | “our luxury ocean market share” are to our share of capacity passengers of all ships operated by luxury ocean cruise lines (Atlas Ocean Voyages, Crystal Cruises, Emerald Cruises, Explora Journeys, Four Seasons Yachts, Paul Gauguin Cruises, Regent Seven Seas Cruises, The Ritz-Carlton Yacht Collection, Scenic Luxury Cruises & Tours, Seabourn Cruise Line, SeaDream Yacht Club, Silversea Cruises and Windstar Cruises), and select small / medium size premium cruise lines that we consider direct competitors (Azamara and Oceania Cruises), which is sourced from Cruise Industry News, where capacity passengers is defined as the total number of passengers a ship can carry at 100% occupancy during a given time period, measured by sailing. Ocean cruise line passenger estimates include passengers on ships used for expedition cruises. As a result, our ocean market share includes our expedition ships; • | “our Mississippi river market share” are to our share of capacity passengers of ships that primarily service passengers on the Mississippi and Ohio rivers (American Cruise Lines and American Queen Voyages), which is sourced from Cruise Industry News, where capacity passengers is defined as the total number of passengers a ship can carry at 100% occupancy during a given time period, measured by sailing; • | “our North American outbound river market share” are to our share of capacity passengers of vessels that primarily service North American passengers on European waterways (AMA Waterways, Inc., Avalon Waterways, Emerald Cruises, Gate 1 Travel, Grand Circle Travel Corp., Tauck, Uniworld River Cruises, Inc., and Vantage Travel Service, Inc.), which is sourced from Cruise Industry News, where capacity passengers is defined as the total number of passengers a ship can carry at 100% occupancy during a given time period, measured by sailing; • | “our primary source markets” mean North America, the United Kingdom, Australia and New Zealand; • | “outbound travel market” are to the market of customers traveling internationally out of a particular country or continent; • | “Passenger Cruise Days” or “PCDs” are to the number of passengers carried for each cruise, with respect to any given period and for each ship operating during the relevant period, multiplied by the number of Ship Operating Days; • | “pre- and post-trip cruise extension” are to extensions available pre- and post-cruise. We also refer to our pre- and post-trip cruise extensions as “land excursions;” • | “Premium Cruise Voucher” are to vouchers generally with a face value of up to 125% of monies paid that we issued to guests when we cancelled sailings. Guests have generally had the option to receive either a refund in cash for 100% of monies paid or a Premium Cruise Voucher. Premium Cruise Vouchers can generally be applied to a new booking for up to two years from the voucher issuance date (or longer, if the expiration date is extended) and any unused Premium Cruise Vouchers are refundable for the original amount paid upon expiration; • | “repeat guest percentage” are, for any season, the percentage of North American passengers for that season who had traveled with us before; vi Table of Contents • | “Return on Invested Capital” or “ROIC” are to the ratio, expressed as a percentage, of operating income (loss) adjusted for income tax (expense) benefit divided by Invested Capital; • | “Risk Free Vouchers” are to vouchers issued under temporarily updated cancellation policies in response to the COVID-19 pandemic or other events creating travel uncertainty. Under these policies, guests who cancel their cruise have the option to receive Risk Free Vouchers instead of incurring cancellation penalties. Risk Free Vouchers can generally be applied to a new booking for up to two years from the voucher issuance date but are not refundable for cash; • | “SCM” are to Shenzhen China Merchants Viking Cruises Tourism Limited, the entity of the China JV Investment that provides services for business planning, management consulting, sales, product development and hotel operations to CMV; • | “season” are to the respective calendar year for such season. For example, the “2023 season” refers to the 2023 calendar year; • | “Ship Operating Days” are to the number of days within any given period that a ship is in service and carrying cruise passengers, determined on an aggregated basis for all ships in operation during the relevant period; • | “shore excursions” are to excursions provided at our destinations during a cruise itinerary; • | “total brand awareness” are to the percentage of survey respondents who expressed knowledge of a specific brand when asked about that brand by name or when asked about general awareness of river cruising or ocean cruising brands, as applicable, which is calculated based on surveys of approximately 1,000 Americans aged 55 years and older who have cruised or traveled internationally within the past 5 years or have plans to do so in the next 3 years and expressed a willingness to cruise. These brand awareness surveys are collected for us by a third-party, with results reported periodically; • | “Total Debt” are to indebtedness outstanding, gross of loan fees, excluding lease liabilities, Private Placement liabilities and Private Placement derivatives; • | “VCL” are to Viking Cruises Ltd, our direct wholly owned subsidiary; • | “Viking China” are to our China Outbound product and the China JV; • | “Viking Expedition” are to our expedition cruise product marketed to our primary source markets; • | “Viking Mississippi” are to the river cruise product for cruising the Mississippi River marketed to our primary source markets; • | “Viking Ocean” are to our ocean cruise product marketed to our primary source markets; and • | “Viking River” are to our river cruise product marketed to our primary source markets. Viking Mississippi is a separate product from Viking River. vii Table of Contents TRADEMARKS AND DESIGNS We have proprietary rights to trademarks used in this prospectus that are important to our business, many of which are
registered under applicable intellectual property laws. Solely for convenience, trademarks and trade names referred to in this prospectus may appear without the “ ® ” or “ ™ ” symbols, but such references are not intended to indicate, in any way, that we will not assert, to the fullest extent possible under applicable law, our rights or the rights of the
applicable licensor to these trademarks and trade names. We do not intend our use or display of other companies’ trademarks, trade names or service marks to imply a relationship with, or endorsement or sponsorship of us by, any other companies.
Each trademark, trade name or service mark of any other company appearing in this prospectus is the property of its respective holder. viii Table of Contents MARKET AND INDUSTRY DATA We obtained the industry, market and competitive position data used throughout this prospectus from internal company surveys
and management estimates, as well as from industry and general publications and research, surveys and studies conducted by third parties. We believe these internal company surveys and management estimates are reliable; however, no independent
sources have verified such surveys and estimates. Third-party industry and general publications, research, studies and surveys generally state that the information contained therein has been obtained from sources believed to be reliable. Except for
the total brand awareness information contained herein, none of the independent industry and general publications, research, studies and surveys relied upon by us or otherwise referred to in this prospectus were prepared on our behalf. While we
believe the industry, market and competitive position data included in this prospectus are reliable and are based on reasonable assumptions, these data involve many assumptions and limitations, and you are cautioned not to give undue weight to these
estimates. We have not independently verified the accuracy or completeness of the data contained in these industry publications and other publicly available information. Certain estimates of market opportunity, forecasts or market growth and other forward-looking information included elsewhere
in this prospectus involve risks and uncertainties and are subject to change based on various factors, including those discussed under “Prospectus Summary,” “Risk Factors,” “Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking
Statements” and “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations.” ix Table of Contents EXCHANGE CONTROL Consent under the Exchange Control Act 1972 (and its related regulations) has been received. We have received consent under
the Exchange Control Act 1972 (and its related regulations) from the Bermuda Monetary Authority for the issue and transfer of our securities to and between non-residents of Bermuda for exchange control
purposes provided our ordinary shares remain listed on an appointed stock exchange, which includes the NYSE. Pursuant to
section 26 of the Companies Act 1981 of Bermuda (the “Companies Act”), there is no requirement for us to comply with Part III—Prospectuses and Public Offers—of the Companies Act or to file this prospectus with the Registrar of
Companies in Bermuda. Neither the Bermuda Monetary Authority, the Registrar of Companies of Bermuda nor any other relevant Bermuda authority or government body accept any responsibility for the financial soundness of any proposal or for the
correctness of any of the statements made or opinions expressed in this prospectus. x Table of Contents PROSPECTUS SUMMARY This summary highlights selected information contained elsewhere in this prospectus and does not contain all of the
information that you should consider in making your investment decision. Before deciding to invest in our ordinary shares, you should read this entire prospectus carefully, including the sections of this prospectus titled “Risk Factors,”
“Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements” and “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” and our financial statements included elsewhere in this prospectus. BACKGROUND Viking was founded in 1997 with four river vessels and a simple vision that travel could be more destination-focused and
culturally immersive. Today, we have grown into one of the world’s leading travel companies, with a fleet of 92
small, state-of-the-art ships, which we view as floating hotels. From our iconic journeys on the world’s great rivers,
including our new Mississippi River itineraries, to our ocean voyages around the globe and our extraordinary expeditions to the ends of the earth, we offer meaningful travel experiences on all seven continents in all three categories of the cruise
industry—river, ocean and expedition cruising. 1 Table of Contents With more than 450 awards to our name, we are a leader in the industry and
were rated #1 for Rivers, #1 for Oceans (for ships sized 500 to 2,500 berths) and #1 for Expeditions by Condé Nast Traveler in the 2023 Readers’ Choice Awards. This is the first time a travel company has been voted #1 in all three
categories simultaneously. We have generated rapid growth driven by strong demand for our products and a highly
differentiated guest experience, resulting in industry-leading capacity growth and the proven ability to expand our travel platform with new destinations and experiences. From 2015 to 2023, our total number of guests, total revenue, net income and
Adjusted EBITDA grew at CAGRs of 10.1%, 14.4%, NM and 16.3%, respectively. We have grown faster than the overall cruise industry since 2015 to become the market leader in river cruising and luxury ocean cruising, demonstrating our ability to succeed
in each new category we have entered. For the 2023 season, our North American outbound river market share was 51%, our luxury ocean market share was 26%, our Antarctic expedition market share was 12% and our Mississippi river market share was 20%. 2 Table of Contents For the year ended December 31, 2023, nearly 650,000 guests traveled with
us, and we generated total revenue of $4,710.5 million, a net loss of $1,858.6 million and Adjusted EBITDA of $1,090.3 million. See “—Summary Consolidated Financial and Other Data” for additional information about Adjusted EBITDA,
including a reconciliation of Adjusted EBITDA to net income (loss). As of December 31, 2023, we had $1.5 billion of cash and cash equivalents and $5.4 billion of Total Debt. We have also generated industry-leading ROIC of 27.5% for the year ended
December 31, 2023, up from 26.1% for the year ended December 31, 2019. Our payback period for a Longship is on average approximately four to five years based on contributions to operations by a Longship. Our payback period for an ocean ship is on
average about five to six years based on contributions to operations by an ocean ship. We believe we are well-positioned
for future growth. To address the strong demand from our guests, we have ordered 18 new river vessels for delivery through 2026 and six new ocean ships for delivery through 2028. THE VIKING DIFFERENCE 1. One Brand : Among our guests and across the industry, the Viking brand is synonymous with excellence. Our
guests can experience all three categories of the cruise industry—ocean, river and expedition cruising— under our single brand. Rather than creating a conglomerate of different brands, all of our products are a consistent extension of the
Viking brand. As a result, our marketing spend and strong brand loyalty drive growth for all of our products. We also leverage our strong brand loyalty for future product launches, with over 60% of bookings for each of the inaugural seasons for
Viking Ocean, Viking Expedition and Viking Mississippi made by past guests. Our guests know they can expect a consistent, excellent experience on each voyage they take with us, which has allowed us to expand our travel platform successfully with new
destinations and experiences. Our repeat guest percentage has steadily increased over time from 27% for the 2015 season to 51% for the 2023 season. 2. Identical Small Ships : Our fleet includes 58 identical Longships accommodating 190 passengers, nine identical
ocean ships accommodating 930 passengers and two identical expedition ships accommodating 378 passengers. Within each product, our ships are indistinguishable to our guests. This simplifies the sales and marketing process as potential guests shop by
itinerary versus by specific ship or age of ship, and it allows older ships to achieve similar yields, even when introducing new ships. Identical ships also create operational flexibility, as well as efficiencies around shipbuilding, maintenance and
crew, which improves our margins. Our small ships can dock in ports where larger ships cannot, providing our guests more time ashore for cultural discovery and exploration and offering our guests experiences they cannot have with other cruise lines. 3. Clearly Defined, Destination-Focused Experience : We are the only cruise line offering experiences on all
seven continents with itineraries across five oceans, 21 rivers and five lakes, and a focus primarily on destinations in Europe and the Mediterranean, rather than the Caribbean. We deliver a highly differentiated experience for our guests by
prioritizing exploration of the destination versus onboard consumption and traditional entertainment. The Viking experience is well-defined and all-inclusive, with a shore excursion included in every port. We are also known for the things that we do
not do. For example, no children under 18, no casinos and no hidden ancillary costs, such as charges for alternative restaurants, wi-fi or beer and wine at lunch and dinner. Because of these strategic choices, our guests instantly recognize the
Viking way of travel. 3 Table of Contents 4. Clear Customer Focus : We are intently focused on the travel needs of our
core demographic of curious, affluent, English-speaking travelers aged 55 years and older, which is an attractive segment of the travel market. We believe we know our core demographic better than anyone else in the industry and we have tailored our
products to specifically address the travel needs of the Thinking Person. We attract individuals seeking travel experiences that offer cultural insight and personal enrichment. 5. Strong Direct Marketing : Since 1997, we have invested $2.8 billion in all aspects of marketing, most of which
is direct marketing spend. This investment has helped build and solidify the value of our brand with our target market. Our marketing database includes more than 56 million North American households, including 1.5 million households that have
traveled with us before. We generate our own demand through our direct marketing, which allows us to obtain industry-leading early booking rates. Our marketing also drives direct bookings. For the year ended December 31, 2023, more than 50% of our
guests booked directly with us. 6. Only Pure-Play Luxury Public Cruise Line : Viking will be the only
pure-play luxury public cruise line. In contrast, the large public cruise lines have multiple brands that serve all three categories of the cruise market, with luxury representing only a small percentage of their overall capacity. Our total revenue
per passenger was $7,251 for the year ended December 31, 2023. Viking defines the luxury category of the river cruise and ocean cruise markets. We believe these are the most attractive segments of the cruise industry and the global luxury leisure
travel market given their growth potential. VIKING STRENGTHS We have several strengths that have propelled our success and distinguished us from other travel businesses. High quality products drive strong guest satisfaction and brand loyalty. We have a proven track record of delivering high quality travel experiences that resonate with our guests, driving strong guest
satisfaction and brand loyalty. As a result, our guests are often our greatest promoters. For the 2023 season, as of December 31, 2023, our Net Promoter Scores were 70 for Viking River, 63 for Viking Ocean and 74 for Viking Expedition. Based on
our 2023 season survey, on a scale of 0 to 10, 78.0% and 73.5% of our Viking River and Viking Ocean guests, respectively, answered “9” or “10” on likelihood of recommending Viking to a friend. All our products are also highly
rated by our guests. For the 2023 season, the average guest quality rating of our products was 3.7 on a 4.0 scale, based on onboard surveys completed by over 70% of our guests. 4 Table of Contents Our strong guest satisfaction and brand loyalty drive repeat bookings with Viking. For the
2023 season, our repeat guest percentage was 51%, and more than 50% of our guests booked directly with us. Our new product launches have also experienced overwhelming support from our past guests, with over 60% of bookings for each of the inaugural
seasons for Viking Ocean, Viking Expedition and Viking Mississippi made by past guests. We have also seen comparable booking trends by past guests for the launch of new river itineraries in Egypt and Vietnam. Our guests trust us to create best-in-class travel experiences, whether it be a new itinerary for a product they already love or a completely new product experience, and we leverage our strong bookings for
future seasons and our robust customer insights practice to help identify and deliver on the needs of our core demographic. Expanding our travel platform enables us to capture a greater portion of our core demographic’s travel spend, while
reinforcing brand loyalty, building customer lifetime value and increasing our repeat guest percentage, all of which generate shareholder value. Single Viking brand drives awareness. For the past 27 years, we have built a single Viking brand that is highly recognized in our target markets and around the
world. Today, we are the leading brand in the North American outbound river market and the luxury ocean market. In the fourth quarter of 2023, we had 90% and 80% total brand awareness for river cruises and ocean cruises, respectively, among our
target demographic in the United States. Our total brand awareness for ocean cruises is comparable to the large public cruise lines. Viking River has more than four times the total brand awareness of our nearest competitor in the North American
outbound river market, and nearly two times the total brand awareness of our nearest competitor in the Mississippi river market. With a single Viking brand, our strong brand awareness drives growth for our entire travel
platform as all of our products are a consistent extension of the Viking experience. We are also able to streamline our marketing, with word-of-mouth marketing and traditional marketing spend driving brand awareness and growth for all of our
products. 5 Table of Contents Clear customer focus on an attractive demographic. We are intently focused on our core demographic of curious, affluent travelers aged 55 years and older, which we believe is an
attractive segment that has been and continues to be underserved by the travel market. The U.S. population aged 55 years
and older comprises 30% of the total population, has the largest spending power of any demographic based on annual expenditures and holds over 70% of U.S. wealth as measured by the U.S. Federal Reserve. The U.S. population aged 55 years and older is
also the fastest growing segment of the population, with expected growth from 98 million people in 2020 to 110 million people in 2030, according to the Congressional Budget Office. Our target demographic has greater financial stability, which can
make them more resilient to economic conditions and more willing to invest in high-quality travel experiences, including luxury accommodations, unique excursions and cultural activities. Our target demographic often appreciates comfort, convenience
and experiential travel that provides a balance between adventure and luxury. Many of our guests are also retired or approaching retirement, which means they often have flexible schedules that allow them to book earlier and plan for extended travel. After 27 years, we believe we know our core demographic better than anyone else in the industry and have tailored our
products to specifically address their unmet needs in the broader travel market. Leveraging our robust customer insights practice and two decades of experience, we know what our guests expect in their travels—a calm onboard atmosphere, with a
destination-focused experience offering cultural or scientific enrichment. Our guests spend their time enjoying the peaceful ambiance of resident musicians, participating in enriching educational opportunities, such as onboard lectures from local
historians, or debriefing their exciting day with fellow guests over a delicious meal from the ship’s regional specialties menu. At Viking, we think of every detail, so our guests can focus on exploring and learning about their destinations. Data-driven marketing platform drives demand. Since 1997, we have invested $2.8 billion across all aspects of marketing. We became a national corporate sponsor of
PBS’s Masterpiece Theatre in 2011 when Downton Abbey was on the air, establishing Viking as a household name, and we continue to run television advertisements on other national programming targeting our core demographic. We have forged
partnerships with prestigious cultural institutions, such as the Los Angeles Philharmonic, the British Museum and the Metropolitan Opera. We also created Viking.tv, one of the travel industry’s most extensive libraries of online content. This
award-winning free enrichment channel was initially conceived to maintain daily contact with our guests during the COVID-19 pandemic, and continues to stream daily, with over 1,000 unique episodes since first airing. Additionally, we host hundreds
of journalists and influencers on board our ships each year, generating robust earned media coverage and social media content. These efforts create a clear path for positive affiliation with the Viking brand—helping move guests from awareness
into consideration. Built over the last 27 years, our marketing database includes more than 56 million North American
households, including 1.5 million households that have traveled with us before. While we have always relied on traditional marketing strategies, including direct mail, TV, print and trade marketing, our marketing approach today is omnichannel, with
robust digital capabilities and data-driven decision-making. For example, our marketing is underpinned by digital industry tools that provide programmatic execution, machine learning capabilities, look-alike prospecting, online to offline
conversions and call tracking, emerging artificial intelligence (“AI”) supported functionality and data-driven marketing attribution. The households in our database are modeled and scored for their propensity to book. These scores,
combined with our attribution systems and a robust consumer insights practice, direct how we tailor our marketing in order to meet consumers where they are, with the right message at the right time. We also continue to shift our marketing spend
towards digital channels. Once guests travel with us, our marketing positioning is reinforced by a shared experience
among individuals seeking travel experiences for the Thinking Person. Our guests connect with each other over mutual 6 Table of Contents interests in history, art, culture and travel, and as a result, countless new friendships are forged on board our ships each year. Approximately 18% of our Viking Ocean and Viking Expedition
guests booked their next Viking voyage while on board in 2023—with many planning future trips together with fellow travelers. And, just like the fervent communities formed around beloved books and films, guests self-described as “hooked on
Viking” have launched their own fan groups—several of which have amassed more than 40,000 members—on social media platforms where we are able to target them with digital marketing for their next Viking voyage. Significant direct bookings optimize yields and improve margins. We provide our guests with a variety of ways to seamlessly book their voyages, so that they can transact with us however they
are most comfortable. Guests can book directly with Viking through multiple outlets, including our website, via online chat with an agent, over the phone, or on board our ships that have a dedicated travel consultant. Guests also have the option to
book with a third-party travel agent. By offering multiple channels to serve our guests, we reduce friction in the booking process and increase our direct bookings, which optimizes yields and improves margins. We also believe our strong direct
marketing capabilities drive earlier direct bookings, including during times of softening demand in the broader travel market. For the year ended December 31, 2023, more than 50% of our guests booked directly with us. Direct bookings reduce commissions
paid to travel agents, which reduces our distribution costs and improves our margins. Direct bookings also provide an additional opportunity for direct contact with our guests, allowing us to build stronger brand awareness and deliver a more
personalized experience for our guests. With a marketing database that includes more than 56 million North American households, we believe our direct bookings will continue to grow and add value to our business. Early bookings create strong revenue visibility and facilitate long-term planning. For the 2024 season, we began selling select itineraries more than two years prior to the start of the season. On average for
the 2023 season, our guests booked 11 months in advance and paid seven months prior to departure. By generating early demand through our direct marketing, we believe we attain bookings earlier than the large public cruise lines. Additionally, we
collect payment earlier than the large public cruise lines, which we believe reduces cancellations. This creates future revenue visibility, which enables us to better manage our capacity and pricing. This visibility also gives us the ability to plan
for future ship commitments years in advance. We have a proven track record of selling Capacity PCDs well in advance of
sailing. With additional newbuilds delivered and new products launched, we grew Capacity PCDs for our core products from 3.3 million in 2017 to 6.7 million in 2024, a CAGR of 10.6%. Even with this growth, we continue to enter every season
with a high percentage of Capacity PCDs booked. For the 2017 season, 63.7% of Capacity PCDs for our core products were booked as of December 31, 2016, which increased to 73.9% of Capacity PCDs for our core products booked for the 2024 season as
of December 31, 2023. Entering a season with over 70% of Capacity PCDs sold provides significant revenue visibility, allowing us to focus our marketing efforts on selling future seasons earlier than competitors and continuing the cycle of
strong Advance Bookings. For our core products, operating capacity is 5% higher for the 2024 season in comparison to the
2023 season and 12% higher for the 2025 season in comparison to the 2024 season. For our core products as of April 14, 2024, for the 2024, 2025 and 2026 seasons, we had sold 89%, 34% and 5%, respectively, of our Capacity PCDs and had
$4,468 million, $2,196 million and $374 million, respectively, of Advance Bookings. These Advance Bookings were 13%, 40% and 42% higher in comparison to the 2023, 2024 and 2025 seasons, respectively, at the same point in time. Advance
Bookings per PCD for the 2024 season was $747, 9% higher than the 2023 season, and Advance Bookings per PCD for the 2025 season was $857, 12% higher than the 2024 season. 7 Table of Contents Young fleet with innovative design drives efficiency and
profitability . At Viking, we build innovative ships that are the right size for the experience. From the
outset, we creatively balance competing preferences for smaller ships and spacious, uncrowded shared areas through greater efficiencies in space utilization and operations. No space is wasted onboard, and the overall ship design thoughtfully
optimizes efficiency and profitability. For example, for Viking Ocean, the layout of our ships allows us to operate with fewer crew while still delivering an exemplary level of service. And for Viking River, the unique design of our Longships allows
us to comfortably accommodate approximately 20% more guests than typical European river vessels, improving the profitability of our vessels. As part of our approach to fleet design, our Viking Ocean, Viking Expedition and the majority of our Viking River fleet are
identical at the product level, which provides us with many benefits. This simplifies the sales and marketing process as potential guests shop by itinerary versus by specific ship or age of ship and allows older ships to achieve similar yields, even
when introducing new ships. From an operational perspective, fleet commonality creates efficiencies around maintenance, as spare parts can be purchased in bulk in advance for unforeseen or planned maintenance, and crew, as crew can be moved around
the fleet with minimal additional training. Lastly, our identical fleet gives us operational flexibility to interchange guests between ships in the event of unexpected disruptions, such as when we positioned identical Longships on adjacent sides of
low water areas to avoid any cancellations during record low water levels in Europe in 2022. In 2022, 14% of our Rhine River sailings involved ship swaps and these sailings received high guest quality ratings that were comparable to our guest
quality ratings for non-impacted Rhine River sailings. We also have one of the youngest fleets in the industry. As of
December 31, 2023, the average age for our fleet available for operations, which excludes six Russia and Ukraine river vessels, was 6.5 years, which is younger than the average age for the large public cruise lines. We believe customers are willing
to pay a premium to sail on newer ships, which results in higher yields. A young fleet also has more efficient operations, including from technological advances that result in lower fuel consumption, resulting in stronger margins. A young fleet also
requires lower maintenance capital expenditures, which allows us to direct most of our capital expenditures to fleet expansion and the launch of new product offerings, which ultimately means that more of our capital is invested in initiatives
designed to grow our revenue and cash flows as opposed to maintaining revenue and cash flows at current levels. Fuel-efficient
fleet designed to meet future environmental regulations. From the outset, we have designed all of our ships
thoughtfully to reduce their fuel consumption, carbon footprint and overall environmental impact. Our Longships are one of the first cruise vessels to be voluntarily certified with the Green Award and are also certified with the European ISO 14001
Environmental Management practices. Our ocean ships, with their sleek hull design and closed-loop scrubbers that allow us to use more cost-efficient fuel, exceed the current requirements of the International Maritime Organization (“IMO”)
Energy Efficiency Design Index (“EEDI”) by approximately 25%, and will exceed the 2025 EEDI requirements by almost 20%. Our expedition ships set a new standard for responsible travel by exceeding the current requirements of the EEDI by
nearly 38%. Due to the design choices across our fleet, our fuel costs represented only 5.7% of our Adjusted Gross Margin for the year ended December 31, 2023, favorably positioning us if fuel prices increase or regulations require the use of more
expensive fuel types. With only minor modifications, the engines of our Longships, ocean ships, and expedition ships can also operate on hydrotreated vegetable oil (“HVO”) renewable diesel, which could reduce greenhouse gases by up to 90%
over the fuel’s life cycle compared to diesel. Looking forward, we are working to make our next generation of ocean
ships even more environmentally friendly. We have made the principled decision not to invest in liquid natural gas (“LNG”), which is composed almost exclusively of methane, a greenhouse gas with a global warming potential more than 80
times (over a 8 Table of Contents 20-year period) or 28 times (over a 100-year period) that of carbon dioxide. Instead, we are working on a project
for a partial hybrid propulsion system based on liquid hydrogen and fuel cells, which could allow us to operate at zero-emission in the Norwegian Fjords and other sensitive environments. Seasoned, proven management team committed to long-term shareholder value. We are a founder-led and inspired organization with an enduring commitment to creating
shareholder value over the long-term. In addition to Torstein Hagen, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, we benefit from the industry expertise and tenure of our proven management team of Leah Talactac, our Chief Financial Officer, Linh Banh,
our Executive Vice President, Finance, Jeff Dash, our Executive Vice President, Head of Business Development, Karine Hagen, our Executive Vice President, Product, Anton Hofmann, our Executive Vice President, Group Operations, Milton Hugh, our
Executive Vice President, Sales and Richard Marnell, our Executive Vice President, Marketing, who have all worked together for over 15 years. Excluding our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, our management team has an average tenure of 21 years at Viking and 25
years in the travel industry. The same management team revolutionized the river cruising industry with the design and launch of the Longships in 2012, and introduced Viking Ocean in 2015, which marked the industry’s first entirely new ocean
cruise line in nearly a decade. This team identified a market need for a smaller ship, destination-focused ocean product, which continues to be a key driver in our growth. More recently, this team launched Viking Expedition and Viking Mississippi in
2022, meeting guest demands. Along with launching new products, this team has also been successful in broadening our presence in existing source markets and garnering leading market share and entering new source markets, such as China. From 2020 to
2023, this team also added 18 new ships to our fleet, including 11 river vessels, four ocean ships, two expedition ships and the Viking Mississippi . This team has driven our growth over the past two decades, with our annual guests growing
from 80,000 in 2007 to nearly 650,000 in 2023, an increase of over 700%. This team also has a proven record of capitalizing on opportunities as they arise. For example, given our long-term outlook, we have a record of ordering newbuilds,
including our initial ocean ships, during off cycles when other cruise operators focused on conserving capital. Currently, we have ordered 24 additional newbuilds through 2028 to capture future demand. Our management team has capitalized on opportunities during times of adversity, weathered several economic cycles together and
ultimately built Viking to be the company it is today—a household brand name with industry-leading quality ratings, numerous awards and a sizeable market share in the fast-growing luxury cruise market. Dedicated crew delivers exemplary level of service. Our crew, with over 9,500 crewmembers from over 90 different countries at the peak of the 2023 season, are dedicated to making
our guests’ journeys as memorable as possible. Our crew is essential to our success. Our crew’s friendliness, attentiveness and attention to detail have garnered us more consumer and industry awards than any other travel company on rivers
or oceans. Most importantly, our crew is a significant reason that we receive high satisfaction ratings from our guests. As part of the Viking family, we care deeply about our crew, and we provide the training, skills and resources needed for them
to excel. Our proprietary training program, Viking College, helps our crew learn and grow. We also place great value on promotion from within, rewarding hard work, enthusiasm, initiative and a sense of responsibility and ownership. We aspire to be
the employer of choice among cruise lines and our crew retention rate of about 80% as of December 31, 2023 is a source of great pride. Retaining our crew season after season lowers our recruiting and training costs. It also supports our
growth—we are able to distribute our tenured crew across our new ships to streamline the hiring and training of new crew. A mix of new and tenured crew on each ship ensures a consistent high quality of service and a familiar onboard experience
for our guests as we grow our business. 9 Table of Contents VIKING STRATEGIES FOR GROWTH We believe our journey as one of the most recognized luxury travel brands in the world is just beginning. We believe we are
well-positioned to drive future growth and profitability with the following strategies, each of which represents a continuation of the proven strategies we have been executing over the past 27 years. Expand our fleet to address unmet demand from our core demographic . We believe the travel market for curious, affluent travelers aged 55 years and older continues to be significantly underserved.
There is also a general gap between demand and supply in cruising, which we have an opportunity to address. To capitalize
on this growing and unmet demand, we plan to continue expanding our fleet, with the most contracted future ship deliveries in the industry. According to the 2024 Cruise Industry News Orderbook Data (published January 2024), approximately 13% of
total new berths coming online globally by 2028 are attributable to ships in the luxury ocean market and our contracted capacity represents approximately 42% of this new comparable supply, positioning us favorably to take advantage of increased
demand for cruising within our target market. For Viking River, we have ordered 18 new vessels for delivery by 2026, including 11 river vessels for the European rivers, six river vessels that will operate in Egypt and a chartered river vessel that
will travel through Vietnam and Cambodia, and we expect to sustain our market leading position in the river cruising market well into the future. We also have options for eight additional river newbuilds, with four for delivery in 2027 and four for
delivery in 2028. For Viking Ocean, we believe there is significant future growth potential, which we will begin to achieve with six new ocean ships on order for delivery through 2028. We also have options for four additional ocean newbuilds, with
two for delivery in 2029 and two for delivery in 2030. Based on our committed orderbook, we expect a 38.3% increase in total berths for our fleet available for operations, which excludes six Russia and Ukraine river vessels, from 2023 to 2028. Our
orderbook, the largest in the cruise industry, is driven by a disciplined strategy that relies heavily on robust consumer insights and market demand assessment, combined with financing and yield considerations. 10 Table of Contents As we add new capacity, we conduct extensive research to identify new
itineraries that will fill gaps in the travel market for our core demographic. Based on prior experience, we expect new itineraries to inspire past guests to travel again and attract new guests to the Viking brand, which we believe will result in a
higher repeat guest percentage and enhanced customer lifetime value at marginal marketing expense. In addition to growing
our fleet and adding new itineraries, we also plan to continue optimizing our inventory of add-on products, such as pre-and post-trip cruise extensions, which unlock
additional revenue growth opportunities without significant capital expenditures. Our pre-and post-trip cruise extensions, such as a three-night tour of the historic town of Oxford and Highclere Castle or the
real “Downton Abbey,” further enrich the destination-focused experience of our itineraries and provide another opportunity for us to connect our guests with the cultures and destinations on our itineraries. In 2023, 37% of our guests
purchased a pre-or post-trip cruise extension to take advantage of these opportunities. Pre-or post-trip cruise extensions are currently offered at an average of over
$900 per extension and are typically two or three days. In 2023, our guests spent on average $45 per PCD on pre- and post-trip cruise extensions. Increase guests from outside of North America. While North America is the largest source market for the cruise industry, generally about 50% of all cruisers globally are from
markets outside of North America, according to the Cruise Lines International Association (“CLIA”). In contrast, for the year ended December 31, 2023, 90.5% of our guests came from North America, with the remainder primarily coming
from the United Kingdom, Australia and New Zealand. We believe there is significant unmet demand for our core products in the United Kingdom, Australia and New Zealand. We also believe there is an opportunity to source guests for our core products
from other markets, such as India, Singapore and the Nordic countries. In order to provide a seamless experience for our guests, all of our onboard and onshore programming is offered in a singular language. For our core products, all programming is
in English and for our China Outbound product, all programming is in Mandarin. Continue to expand Viking China and launch products
for new source markets. The Chinese market is a large source for leisure travel. According to the World Bank and
CLIA, there were 154.6 million international departures from China in 2019 and 1.9 million passengers from China traveled on a cruise line in 2019, which made it one of the largest and fastest growing outbound travel markets in the world.
While the Chinese outbound market has been slower to rebound from the COVID-19 pandemic, we believe Chinese tourists maintain a strong desire to travel internationally. According to Oxford Economics, China is
expected to regain its pre-pandemic share of global outbound visits, which was 7.1% in 2019, by 2026. In 2016, we brought
our brand of curiosity-driven travel to the Chinese source market by launching China Outbound, a river cruise experience in Europe with 100% Mandarin-speaking crew, and food, entertainment and excursions completely dedicated to Chinese guests. As a
result, we believe we are uniquely positioned to capitalize on the Chinese market, which represents a continued opportunity for growth. Mandarin-speaking travelers in China, as well as other Asian-source markets, have been historically underserved
by the cruise industry and we have identified a sizeable addressable market. We believe we are the only cruise line with a product dedicated to Mandarin-speaking guests in Europe and the launch of China Outbound in 2016 was just the beginning. By
leveraging our brand awareness in China and our extensive research into the travel preferences of affluent Mandarin-speaking guests, we plan to continue to develop China Outbound, with the possibility of growing the fleet or expanding to include
other offerings, such as ocean cruising. For coastal cruising in China, the China JV Investment’s Zhao Shang Yi Dun has a competitive advantage in the upper premium cruise line space as it is the only modern cruise ship currently in this
market. There are also opportunities to bring our brand of curiosity-driven travel to other source markets. Similar to
China Outbound, new source markets provide an exciting opportunity to tailor our existing products exclusively 11 Table of Contents to these source markets, while leveraging our experience building our core products with a singular language and potentially using a portion of our existing fleet. Strategically expand our product portfolio. We believe we can harness our global travel expertise, experienced operational team and deep understanding of our core
demographic to further expand our platform. Based on our robust customer insights practice and third-party research, we believe there is considerable demand for other Viking products from our past guests, as well as from our broader core
demographic. In particular, we believe there is significant future opportunity to expand beyond floating hotels to create dedicated land-based products given the strong demand for our pre-and post-trip
extensions. As our guests generally enjoy multiple forms of travel and take multiple trips per year, land-based product offerings would meet an additional portion of the travel needs of our core demographic. This would enable us to capture a greater
share of our guests’ travel spend and extend our customer lifetime value and connection to the Viking brand. FINANCIAL
PERFORMANCE Our financial performance reflects the growing demand for our products, our strong capacity growth and the
benefits of our loyal customer base. Our loyal guests book their journeys well in advance, and as a result, we have industry-leading early booking rates, which give us a competitive advantage in allocating capacity, optimizing pricing, managing
yield and planning for future ship commitments years in advance. As a result, we are able to generate high margins and leading ROIC among the large public cruise lines. For the year ended December 31, 2023, our ROIC was 27.5%. We have also
historically generated substantial net cash flow from operating activities and Adjusted FCF that we have reinvested in our business to support growth. For the year ended December 31, 2023, we generated $1.4 billion in net cash flow from operating
activities and $1.0 billion of Adjusted FCF, which translates to an Adjusted FCF Conversion of 92.3%. See “—Summary Consolidated Financial and Other Data” for additional information about ROIC and Adjusted FCF, including a calculation
of ROIC and a reconciliation of net cash flow from operating activities to Adjusted FCF. Our strong balance sheet provides flexibility to finance future growth at attractive terms. As of December 31, 2023, we had $1.5 billion of cash and cash
equivalents and $5.4 billion of Total Debt. Like all other companies in the travel industry, our operations were impacted
by the COVID-19 pandemic. In March 2020, we were the first cruise line to halt operations. From that point on, we spent significant resources implementing new health and safety protocols, including adding onboard testing laboratories on our ocean
and expedition ships. These investments allowed us to restart operations in May 2021, with more than half of our river fleet and all six of our ocean ships operating at the peak of the 2021 season. By 2022, more of our guests were traveling again. In 2022, 469,935 guests traveled with us, with an Occupancy of 78.4%, and in
2023, 649,669 guests traveled with us (38.2% more than 2022 and 26.7% more than 2019), with an Occupancy of 93.7%. We believe our nimble operations, our experienced, cohesive management team and our consistent execution distinguishes us from other
travel businesses and accelerated our recovery, both on a total revenue and an Adjusted EBITDA basis, in comparison to the large public cruise lines. This strategy resulted in the following results from 2017 to 2023: • | Total revenue increased from $1.9 billion for the year ended December 31, 2017 to $4.7 billion for the year ended December 31, 2023. • | Gross margin increased from $0.6 billion in 2017 to $1.6 billion in 2023. • | Adjusted Gross Margin increased from $1.2 billion for the year ended December 31, 2017 to $3.1 billion for the year ended December 31, 2023. 12 Table of Contents • | Net loss increased from $55.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2017 to $1,858.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2023. Net loss includes losses, net, of $20.7 million and $2,101.9 million for 2017 and 2023, respectively, due to the impact of the Private Placement derivative gain (loss) and interest expense related to our Series A Preference Shares, Series B Preference Shares and Series C Preference Shares, as applicable. Our Series A Preferences Shares and Series B Preference Shares are no longer outstanding. Our Series C Preference Shares will automatically convert into ordinary shares immediately prior to the consummation of this offering. • | Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA Margin increased from $324.8 million and 26.3%, respectively, for the year ended December 31, 2017 to $1,090.3 million and 35.5%, respectively, for the year ended December 31, 2023. See “—Summary Consolidated Financial and Other Data” for additional information about Adjusted Gross Margin and
Adjusted EBITDA, including a reconciliation of Adjusted Gross Margin to gross margin and a reconciliation of Adjusted EBITDA to net income (loss). RECENT DEVELOPMENTS First Quarter Preliminary Estimated Results The preliminary estimated results for the three months ended March 31, 2024 set forth below are based on information
available to us as of the date of this prospectus. Our financial closing procedures for the three months ended March 31, 2024 are not yet complete. As a result, these results are preliminary and subject to 13 Table of Contents change. The preliminary estimated results included in this prospectus have been prepared by and are the responsibility of management. Ernst & Young AS, our independent auditors, have not
audited, reviewed, compiled or performed any procedures with respect to the following preliminary estimated results. Accordingly, Ernst & Young AS does not express an opinion or any other form of assurance with respect thereto. For
additional information, see “Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements” and “Risk Factors.” Statistical and operating data for the three months ended March 31, 2024 was: • | 75 vessels operated, compared to 71 vessels operated for the three months ended March 31, 2023; • | 90,449 passengers sailed, compared to 79,630 for the three months ended March 31, 2023; and • | 974,977 PCDs and 1,037,624 Capacity PCDs resulting in Occupancy of 94.0%, compared to 841,263 PCDs and 906,606 Capacity PCDs resulting in Occupancy of 92.8% for the three months ended March 31, 2023. For the
three months ended March 31, 2024, we expect: • | Total revenue of approximately $710 million to $720 million, compared to $629.0 million for the three months ended March 31, 2023; and • | Operating income (loss) of approximately $(90) million to $(70) million, compared to an operating income (loss) of ($115.9) million for the three months ended March 31, 2023; and As of
March 31, 2024, we expect cash and cash equivalents of approximately $1.7 billion and Total Debt of approximately $5.3 billion, compared to $1.5 billion and $5.4 billion, respectively, as of December 31, 2023. The preliminary estimated results above reflect the seasonality of our business. While our ocean, expedition, and Mississippi
products operate year-round, the primary cruising season for our river product is from April to October, although some of our river cruises run longer seasons. Additionally, our highest Occupancy occurs during the Northern Hemisphere’s summer
months. We recognize cruise-related revenue over the duration of the cruise and expense our marketing and employee costs when the related costs are incurred. As a result, the majority of our revenue and profits have historically been earned in the
second and third quarters of each year, while the first and fourth quarters of each year have been closer to break even or a loss, as our selling and administration expenses are consistent throughout the year. 2024 Dividend On April 9, 2024, we paid $46.8 million in dividends, of which $28.6 million related to dividends to the holders of
our Series C Preference Shares and $18.2 million related to dividends to the holders of our ordinary shares, special shares and preference shares (the “2024 Dividend”). Credit Agreement Following the completion of this offering, we expect to enter into a $375 million secured revolving credit facility to be
provided by a syndicate of lenders. We anticipate that the borrower under the credit facility will be VCL. The credit facility would be indirectly secured by 19 Longships and certain related assets. The proceeds of the borrowings under the
credit facility are expected to be available to us for general corporate purposes, including funding working capital. We have not yet received commitments with respect to the credit facility, and, accordingly, the terms of our financing arrangements
remain under discussion and are subject to change, including as a function of market conditions. 14 Table of Contents RISK FACTORS Investing in our ordinary shares involves substantial risks, and our ability to successfully operate our business and execute
our growth plan is subject to numerous risks. You should carefully consider the risks described in “Risk Factors” before making a decision to invest in our ordinary shares. If any of these risks actually occur, our business, financial
condition or results of operations could be materially and adversely affected. In such case, the trading price of our ordinary shares would likely decline, and you may lose all or part of your investment. These risks include, among others, the
following: • | Changes in the general worldwide economic and political environment could reduce the demand for cruises. • | Adverse weather conditions or other natural disasters, including high or low river water levels, may require us to alter our itineraries or cancel existing cruises. • | Adverse incidents involving cruise ships may adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. • | Disease outbreaks or pandemics have had, and in the future could have, a significant impact on the travel industry generally and on our business and results of operations. • | The threat of terrorist attacks, wars, acts of piracy and other events affecting the safety and security of travel can reduce the demand for cruises or require us to cancel existing bookings. • | Changes in fuel prices would affect the cost of our cruise ship operations and our hedging strategies may not protect us from increased costs related to fuel prices. • | Increased labor costs or our inability to recruit or retain employees may adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. • | Increases in inflation could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. • | Fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates could affect our financial results. • | An increase in cruise capacity without a corresponding increase in demand and infrastructure could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. • | Our success is substantially dependent on the continued service of our senior management. • | Our expansion into new products may be unsuccessful. • | Conducting business internationally may result in increased costs and risks. • | If we experience delays in ship construction or ship repairs, maintenance or refurbishments or changes in costs, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected. • | Lack of continuing availability of attractive, convenient and safe port destinations could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. • | We rely on travel agencies to generate a material portion of our sales. • | Reductions in the availability of and increases in the prices for the services and products provided by our vendors could adversely affect our business and revenues. • | We rely on scheduled commercial airline services to transport our guests to or from the cities where our cruises embark and disembark. • | Credit card processing terms and requirements, adverse changes in guest payment policies, and consumer protection legislation or regulations could negatively affect our financial condition. • | The Viking name and brand are integral to the success of our business. 15 Table of Contents • | Breaches in data security or other disturbances to our information technology systems and networks and operations could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. • | We are highly leveraged. We have substantial indebtedness and we may not be able to generate sufficient cash to service all of our indebtedness or to obtain additional financing if necessary. • | We are subject to complex laws and regulations, including environmental laws and regulations. • | Amendments to existing tax laws, rules or regulations or enactment of new unfavorable tax laws, rules or regulations could have an adverse effect on our business and financial performance. CORPORATE INFORMATION Viking Holdings Ltd is incorporated in Bermuda as an exempted company. Our registered office is located at Clarendon House, 2
Church Street, Hamilton HM 11, Bermuda, and our principal executive offices are located at 94 Pitts Bay Road, Pembroke, Bermuda HM 08. Our telephone number is (441) 478-2244. We maintain the following
website: www.viking.com. Our website provides information about our ships, itineraries and bookings. However, information contained on our website is not incorporated by reference in or otherwise a part of this prospectus. We have included our
website address in this prospectus solely for informational purposes. IMPLICATIONS OF BEING A FOREIGN PRIVATE ISSUER Upon the consummation of this offering, we will report under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the
“Exchange Act”), as a foreign private issuer. As a foreign private issuer, we may take advantage of certain provisions under NYSE rules that allows us to follow Bermuda law for certain corporate governance matters. As long as we continue
to qualify as a foreign private issuer under the Exchange Act, we will be exempt from certain provisions of the Exchange Act that are applicable to U.S. domestic public companies, including: • | the rules under the Exchange Act requiring domestic filers to issue financial statements prepared under U.S. generally accepted accounting principles (“GAAP”); • | the sections of the Exchange Act regulating the solicitation of proxies, consents or authorizations with respect to a security registered under the Exchange Act; • | the sections of the Exchange Act requiring insiders to file public reports of their share ownership and trading activities and liability for insiders who profit from trades made in a short period of time; • | the rules under the Exchange Act requiring the filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”) of quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, containing unaudited financial statements and other specified information, and current reports on Form 8-K, upon the occurrence of specified significant events; and • | Regulation Fair Disclosure (“Regulation FD”), which regulates selective disclosures of material information by issuers. • | In addition, we will not be required to file annual reports and financial statements with the SEC as promptly as U.S. domestic issuers. Foreign private issuers are also exempt from certain more stringent executive compensation disclosure rules. We may take advantage of these exemptions until such time as we are no longer a foreign private issuer. We are required to
determine our status as a foreign private issuer on an annual basis at the end of our second fiscal quarter. We would cease to be a foreign private issuer at such time as more than 50% of the voting power of our issued and outstanding share capital
is held by U.S. residents and any of the following three circumstances applies: (1) the majority of our executive officers or directors are U.S. citizens or residents; (2) more than 50% of our assets are located in the United States; or
(3) our business is administered principally in the United States. 16 Table of Contents OUR PRINCIPAL SHAREHOLDER Upon the consummation of this offering, Viking Capital Limited (“our principal shareholder”) will hold 97,484,764
ordinary shares and 127,704,616 special shares, which will represent approximately 86.9% of the voting power of our issued and outstanding share capital. In connection with the issuance of Series C Preference Shares to our financial shareholders (as described below), we issued
two warrants to our principal shareholder to purchase up to an aggregate of 8,733,400 ordinary shares at an exercise purchase price of $0.01 per ordinary share. The number of warrants that vest is based on either the proceeds to our financial
shareholders or the trading price of our ordinary shares starting 180 days after the date of this prospectus. The number of warrants that vest depends on the value per ordinary share, with 0% vesting at $15.38 or lower price per ordinary share and
100% vesting at $23.08 or higher price per ordinary share, and linear vesting between $15.38 and $23.08 per ordinary share. The vesting period for each warrant expires upon the later of February 8, 2026, or the sale, distribution or other
transfer of 100% of the respective financial shareholder’s shares held in us. Our principal shareholder will have
the ability to determine the outcome of all matters submitted to our shareholders for approval, including the election and removal of directors and any merger, amalgamation, consolidation or sale of all or substantially all of our assets. See
“Risk Factors—Risks Related to this Offering and Ownership of Our Ordinary Shares—Our two-class structure has the effect of concentrating voting control with our principal shareholder, which
could limit your ability to influence certain key matters affecting our business and affairs.” As a result of our
principal shareholder’s ownership, we will also be a “controlled company” within the meaning of the rules of the NYSE. Under these rules, a company of which more than 50% of the voting power is held by an individual, group or another
company is a “controlled company” and may elect not to comply with certain corporate governance requirements, including: • | the requirement that a majority of the board of directors consist of “independent directors” as defined under the rules of the NYSE; • | the requirement that we have a compensation committee that is composed entirely of independent directors with a written charter addressing the committee’s purpose and responsibilities; • | the requirement that we have a nominating and corporate governance committee that is composed entirely of independent directors with a written charter addressing the committee’s purpose and responsibilities; and • | the requirement for an annual performance evaluation of the nominating and corporate governance and compensation committees. Following this offering, we intend to utilize certain of these exemptions. See
“Risk Factors—Risks Related to this Offering and Ownership of Our Ordinary Shares—We are a “controlled company” under the NYSE rules, and we are able to rely on exemptions from certain corporate governance requirements that
provide protection to shareholders of companies that are not controlled companies.” OUR FINANCIAL SHAREHOLDERS In October 2016, we issued $500.0 million of Series A Preference Shares to Canada Pension Plan Investment Board (“CPP
Investments”) and TPG VII Valhalla Holdings L.P. (“TPG” and, together with CPP Investments, “our financial shareholders”), with each financial shareholder purchasing $250.0 million of Series A Preference Shares. In July
2017, we issued $172.0 million of Series B Preference Shares to our financial 17 Table of Contents shareholders, with each financial shareholder purchasing $86.0 million of Series B Preference Shares. In February 2021, we issued 184,267,200 Series C Preference Shares to our financial
shareholders with an equal number of shares issued to each financial shareholder. Our Series C Preference Shares were issued for cash consideration of $700.0 million and in exchange for our repurchase and cancellation of all outstanding
Series A Preference Shares and Series B Preference Shares. Our outstanding Series C Preference Shares will
automatically convert on a one-for-one basis into 184,267,200 ordinary shares immediately prior to the consummation of this offering (the “Series C Preference Shares Conversion”). Upon the consummation of this offering, TPG will hold
65,612,766 ordinary shares, which will represent approximately 4.1% of the voting power of our issued and outstanding share capital (or approximately 3.8% of the voting power of our issued and outstanding share capital if the underwriters exercise
their option to purchase additional ordinary shares in full). Upon the consummation of this offering, CPP Investments will hold 65,612,766 ordinary shares, which will represent approximately 4.1% of the voting power of our issued and outstanding
share capital (or approximately 3.8% of the voting power of our issued and outstanding share capital if the underwriters exercise their option to purchase additional ordinary shares in full). We entered into the Investor Rights Agreement (as defined herein) with our financial shareholders that includes certain board
designation and registration rights. For more information, see “Certain Relationships and Related Party Transactions—Investor Rights Agreement.” TPG . TPG is a leading global alternative asset management firm, founded in San Francisco in 1992, with $222
billion of assets under management as of December 31, 2023 and investment and operational teams around the world. TPG invests across a broadly diversified set of strategies, including private equity, impact, credit, real estate and market solutions,
and its unique strategy is driven by collaboration, innovation and inclusion. TPG’s teams combine deep product and sector experience with broad capabilities and expertise to develop differentiated insights and add value for its fund investors,
portfolio companies, management teams and communities. CPP Investments . Canada Pension Plan Investment
Board (CPP Investments ™ ) is a professional investment management organization that manages the amounts transferred by the Canada Pension Plan in the best interest of the more than
22 million contributors and beneficiaries of the Canada Pension Plan. In order to build diversified portfolios of assets, investments are made around the world in public equities, private equities, real estate, infrastructure and fixed income.
Headquartered in Toronto, with offices in Hong Kong, London, Mumbai, New York City, San Francisco, São Paulo, Luxembourg and Sydney, CPP Investments is governed and managed independently of the Canada Pension Plan and at arm’s
length from governments. As of December 31, 2023, the fund totaled $590.8 billion Canadian dollars. 18 Table of Contents THE OFFERING Ordinary shares offered by us | 11,000,000 ordinary shares Ordinary shares offered by the selling shareholders | 53,041,668 ordinary shares (or 62,647,916 ordinary shares if the underwriters exercise their option to purchase additional ordinary shares in full) Ordinary shares to be issued and outstanding immediately after this offering | 303,683,900 ordinary shares Special shares to be issued and outstanding immediately after this offering | 127,771,124 special shares Total ordinary shares and special shares to be issued and outstanding immediately after this offering | 431,455,024 total ordinary shares and special shares Option to purchase additional ordinary shares | The selling shareholders have granted to the underwriters a 30-day option to purchase up to 9,606,248 additional ordinary shares from the selling shareholders at the initial public offering price less the underwriting discounts and commissions. Selling shareholders | TPG and CPP Investments. See “Principal and Selling Shareholders.” Use of proceeds | We estimate that the net proceeds to us from this offering will be approximately $245.5 million, after deducting underwriting discounts and commissions and estimated offering expenses payable by us. We will not receive any proceeds from the sale of ordinary shares by the selling shareholders. The principal purposes of this offering are to increase our capitalization and financial flexibility and to create a public market for our ordinary shares. We intend to use a portion of the net proceeds from this offering to satisfy tax withholding and remittance obligations related to the RSU Net Settlement (as defined below). Based on the initial public offering price of $24.00, 16,251,664 ordinary shares issuable upon the vesting and settlement of outstanding RSUs for which all vesting conditions will be met upon the consummation of this offering and an assumed 33% tax withholding rate, we would use approximately $139.0 million of the net proceeds of this offering to satisfy tax withholding and remittance obligations. We intend to use the remaining net proceeds from this offering for general corporate purposes, including working capital, operating expenses and capital expenditures. We may also use a portion of the net proceeds to make acquisitions or investments, although we do not have agreements or commitments for any material acquisitions or investments at this time. 19 Table of Contents We will have broad discretion in the way that we use the net proceeds of this offering. See
“Use of Proceeds.” Voting rights | Upon the consummation of this offering, we have two classes of shares outstanding: ordinary shares and special shares. The rights of the holders of our ordinary shares and our special shares are identical, except with respect to voting, conversion and transfer rights. Each ordinary share is entitled to one vote per share. Each special share is entitled to 10 votes per share. Upon the consummation of this offering, our ordinary shares will represent approximately 19.2% of the voting power of our issued and outstanding share capital and our special shares will represent approximately 80.8% of the voting power of our issued and outstanding share capital. See “Description of Share Capital.” Dividend policy | We do not anticipate paying any dividends in the foreseeable future. Any determination to pay dividends in the future will be at the discretion of our board of directors, subject to applicable laws. See “Dividend Policy.” Listing | Our ordinary shares have been approved for listing on the NYSE, under the symbol “VIK.” Risk factors | See “Risk Factors” and other information included in this prospectus for a discussion of factors that you should consider carefully before deciding to invest in our ordinary shares. Unless otherwise stated, the number of
shares to be issued and outstanding immediately after this offering is based on 292,683,900 ordinary shares and 127,771,124 special shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2023, after giving effect to the Conversion Event (as
defined below) and the RSU Net Settlement, and excludes: • | 2,949,830 ordinary shares issuable upon the exercise of options outstanding as of December 31, 2023 under the Viking Holdings Ltd Amended and Restated 2018 Equity Incentive Plan (the “2018 Plan”), with a weighted-average exercise price of $15.57 per ordinary share; • | 2,619,266 ordinary shares issuable upon the vesting and settlement of outstanding restricted share units (“RSUs”) as of December 31, 2023 under the 2018 Plan for which the time vesting condition was not satisfied as of December 31, 2023 and for which no acceleration occurs immediately prior to the completion of this offering; • | up to 8,733,400 ordinary shares issuable upon the vesting and exercise of warrants issued to our principal shareholder, with an exercise price of $0.01 per share; • | 13,824,564 ordinary shares reserved for future issuance under the Post-IPO 2018 Plan (as defined elsewhere in this prospectus under “Management—Equity Incentive Plans”), plus any future increases in the number of ordinary shares reserved for issuance thereunder and any ordinary shares underlying outstanding share awards granted under the 2018 Plan that expire or are repurchased, forfeited, cancelled or withheld; and • | 4,680,000 ordinary shares reserved for future issuance under the Viking Holdings Ltd 2024 Employee Share Purchase Plan (the “2024 ESPP”), which will become effective upon the effectiveness of the registration statement of which this prospectus forms a part. 20 Table of Contents The Post-IPO 2018 Plan and the 2024 ESPP provide for annual automatic
increases in the number of ordinary shares reserved thereunder. See “Management—Equity Incentive Plans” for additional information. We have not authorized any offerings under the 2024 ESPP as of the date of this prospectus. Unless otherwise stated, all information in this prospectus reflects and assumes: • | the Series C Preference Shares Conversion; • | the automatic conversion of all of our issued and outstanding preference shares into ordinary shares on a one-for-one basis immediately prior to the consummation of this offering (the “Preference Shares Conversion” and, collectively with the Series C Preference Shares Conversion, the “Conversion Event”); • | the redesignation of all authorized Series C Preference Shares, preference shares and non-voting ordinary shares into authorized ordinary shares; • | the automatic conversion of all of our outstanding options for non-voting ordinary shares to options for ordinary shares on a one-for-one basis immediately prior to the consummation of this offering; • | the automatic conversion of all of our outstanding RSUs for non-voting ordinary shares to RSUs for ordinary shares on a one-for-one basis immediately prior to the consummation of this offering; • | the net issuance of 10,931,936 ordinary shares in connection with the vesting and settlement of outstanding RSUs as of December 31, 2023 under the 2018 Plan for which all vesting conditions will be met upon the consummation of this offering, after giving effect to the withholding of 5,319,728 ordinary shares to satisfy the estimated tax withholding and remittance obligations (based on an assumed 33% tax withholding rate) (the “RSU Net Settlement”); • | the effectiveness of our bye-laws, which will be effective upon the consummation of this offering and will replace our bye-laws as currently in effect; • | no exercise of the underwriters’ option to purchase up to 9,606,248 additional ordinary shares from the selling shareholders; • | no exercise of the outstanding options or settlement of outstanding RSUs subsequent to December 31, 2023, except for the RSU Net Settlement; and • | no exercise of the outstanding warrants issued to our principal shareholder. On April 11, 2024, we completed a bonus issue of 25 ordinary shares on each ordinary share, 25 special shares on each special
share, 25 non-voting ordinary shares on each non-voting ordinary share, 25 preference shares on each preference share and 25 Series C Preference Shares on each Series C Preference Share (the “26-for-1 share split”). We have given retrospective effect to the 26-for-1 share split on all share and per share amounts for all periods presented. 21 Table of Contents SUMMARY CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL AND OTHER DATA The following tables summarize our consolidated financial and other data for the periods ended and as of the dates indicated
below. The summary consolidated financial information as of December 31, 2022 and 2023, and for the years ended December 31, 2021, 2022 and 2023 has been derived from our audited consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this
prospectus. The summary consolidated financial information as of December 31, 2019, 2020 and 2021 and for the years ended December 31, 2019 and 2020 has been derived from our consolidated financial statements that are not included in this
prospectus. The non-IFRS financial measures and operating information are unaudited for all periods. You should read this information together with our audited consolidated financial statements and related notes appearing
elsewhere in this prospectus and the information under the captions “Capitalization” and “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations.” Our historical results are not necessarily
indicative of our future results. Additionally, our historical results for the years ended December 31, 2020, 2021 and 2022 reflect the impact of COVID-19 on our business. Due to the worldwide spread of COVID-19, government-imposed travel restrictions and limited access to certain ports, we suspended our worldwide cruise operations beginning March 12, 2020 and we began our phased relaunch in May 2021. Year Ended December 31,
2019 | 2020 | 2021 | 2022 | 2023
(in thousands, except per share data)
Consolidated Statements of Operations:
Revenue
Cruise and land | $ | 2,999,511 | $ | 236,569 | $ | 543,007 | $ | 2,955,872 | $ | 4,383,524
Onboard and other | 197,255 | 20,732 | 82,094 | 220,107 | 326,969
Total revenue | 3,196,766 | 257,301 | 625,101 | 3,175,979 | 4,710,493
Cruise operating expenses
Commissions and transportation costs | (721,371) | (81,519) | (157,022) | (769,556) | (1,053,874)
Direct costs of cruise, land and onboard | (405,663) | (50,216) | (96,947) | (408,652) | (586,234)
Vessel operating | (778,814) | (321,749) | (458,312) | (974,159) | (1,211,676)
Total cruise operating expenses | (1,905,848) | (453,484) | (712,281) | (2,152,367) | (2,851,784)
Other operating expenses
Selling and administration | (536,628) | (407,396) | (459,062) | (682,810) | (789,040)
Depreciation, amortization and impairment (1) | (188,195) | (212,002) | (204,407) | (276,513) | (251,311)
Gain on sale of Viking Sun | — | — | 75,588 | — | —
Total other operating expenses | (724,823) | (619,398) | (587,881) | (959,323) | (1,040,351)
Operating income (loss) | 566,095 | (815,581) | (675,061) | 64,289 | 818,358
Non-operating income (expense)
Interest income | 32,123 | 8,399 | 1,929 | 14,044 | 48,027
Interest expense (2) | (261,041) | (336,198) | (384,493) | (456,637) | (538,974)
Currency (loss) gain | (9,638) | 19,690 | 5,396 | (35,035) | (20,815)
Private Placement derivatives (loss) gain | (163,297) | 840,459 | (696,102) | 808,523 | (2,007,089)
Loss on Private Placement refinancing | — | — | (367,233) | — | —
Other financial income (loss) | 6,648 | (4,978) | 8,352 | 12,236 | (151,469)
Income (loss) before income taxes | 170,890 | (288,209) | (2,107,212) | 407,420 | (1,851,962)
Income tax expense | (4,528) | (7,956) | (5,030) | (8,902) | (6,639)
Net income (loss) | $ | 166,362 | $ | (296,165) | $ | (2,112,242) | $ | 398,518 | $ | (1,858,601)
Net (loss) income attributable to Viking Holdings Ltd | $ | (2,111,994) | $ | 398,563 | $ | (1,859,077)
Net (loss) income attributable to non-controlling interests | $ | (248) | $ | (45) | $ | 476 22 Table of Contents Year Ended December 31,
2019 | 2020 | 2021 | 2022 | 2023
Weighted-average ordinary shares and special shares outstanding (3) :
Basic | 225,731 | 221,936 | 221,936
Diluted | 225,731 | 406,203 | 221,936
Net (loss) income per share attributable to ordinary shares and special shares (3) :
Basic | $ | (5.16) | $ | 1.07 | $ | (4.44)
Diluted | $ | (5.16) | $ | (0.77) | $ | (4.44)
Pro forma weighted-average ordinary shares and special shares outstanding (4) :
Basic | 428,040
Diluted | 430,972
Pro forma net income per share attributable to ordinary shares and special shares (4) :
Basic | $ | 0.57
Diluted | $ | 0.56
Other Financial Data:
Adjusted EBITDA (5) | $ | 763,966 | $ | (548,191) | $ | (528,247) | $ | 367,251 | $ | 1,090,322 (1) | Depreciation, amortization and impairment included (a) for the year ended December 31, 2019, a partial reversal of an impairment of $8.5 million related to the Viking Mississippi capitalized ship design costs, (b) for the year ended December 31, 2020, an impairment of $8.3 million related to the Viking Sineus river vessel in Ukraine, and (c) for the year ended December 31, 2022, an impairment of $41.9 million related to the five river vessels in Russia, the Viking Sineus , the Viking Prestige and the Viking Legend . (2) | Interest expense includes expense recognized for the dividends, amortization of issuance costs and modification gains (losses) related to our Series A Preference Shares, Series B Preference Shares and Series C Preference Shares. Our Series A Preference Shares and Series B Preference Shares are no longer outstanding since the issuance of Series C Preference Shares in 2021. Our Series C Preference Shares will automatically convert to ordinary shares immediately prior to the consummation of this offering. For the years ended December 31, 2019, 2020, 2021, 2022 and 2023, interest expense included net $54.5 million, $79.5 million, $69.5 million, $94.2 million and $94.8 million, respectively, related to the expense recognized for dividends, amortization of issuance costs and modification gains (losses) for our Series A Preference Shares, Series B Preference Shares and Series C Preference Shares. (3) | See Note 22 to our audited consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this prospectus for an explanation of the method used to calculate our basic and diluted net (loss) income per ordinary share and special share and the weighted average number of shares used in the computation of per share amounts. (4) | The pro forma weighted average ordinary shares and special shares used in computing pro forma basic net income per ordinary share and special share assume the weighted average impact of (a) the Conversion Event, (b) the net issuance of 10,393,397 ordinary shares in connection with the vesting and settlement of outstanding RSUs as of December 31, 2023 under the 2018 Plan for which all vesting conditions will be met upon the consummation of this offering, after giving effect to the withholding of ordinary shares to satisfy the estimated tax withholding and remittance obligations and (c) the sale of such number of ordinary shares multiplied by the initial public offering price of $24.00 per share, after deducting estimated underwriting discounts and commissions and estimated offering expenses payable by us, that would be sufficient to pay the dividends in 2023 which were in excess of our 2023 net loss and the 2024 Dividend. The pro forma weighted average ordinary shares and special shares used in computing pro forma diluted net income per ordinary share and special share have been further adjusted to give effect to the dilutive impact of RSUs and stock options. Pro forma net income used to calculate pro forma basic net income per ordinary share and special share and pro forma diluted net income per ordinary share and special share reflects the impact on net income (loss) of the Series C Preference Shares Conversion, assuming it had occurred on January 1, 2023. 23 Table of Contents The table below sets forth the calculation of unaudited pro forma net income
per ordinary share and special share for the year ended December 31, 2023: (in USD and thousands, except per share data) | Year Ended December 31, 2023
Numerator
Net loss attributable to Viking Holdings Ltd | $ | (1,859,077)
Adjustment for assumed Series C Preferences Shares Conversion | 2,101,907
Pro forma net income allocated to ordinary shares and special shares, basic and diluted | $ | 242,830
Denominator
Weighted average ordinary shares and special shares used in computing net (loss) per share attributable to ordinary shares and special shares | 221,936
Adjustment for assumed Series C Preferences Shares Conversion | 184,267
Adjustment for assumed Preference Shares Conversion | 3,319
Adjustment for assumed vesting of RSUs | 10,393
Adjustment for number of shares sufficient to pay dividends | 8,125
Pro forma weighted-average ordinary shares and special shares outstanding, basic | 428,040
Dilutive effect of RSUs | 1,896
Dilutive effect of stock options | 1,036
Pro forma weighted average ordinary shares and special shares outstanding, diluted | 430,972
Pro forma net income per share attributable to ordinary shares and special shares, basic | $ | 0.57
Pro forma net income per share attributable to ordinary shares and special shares, diluted | $ | 0.56 (5) | Adjusted EBITDA represents EBITDA (consolidated net income (loss) adjusted for interest income, interest expense, income tax expense and depreciation, amortization and impairment) as further adjusted for non-cash Private Placement derivatives gains and losses, loss on Private Placement refinancing, currency gains or losses, stock-based compensation expense and other financial income (loss) (which include forward gains and losses, gain or loss on disposition of assets, certain non-cash fair value adjustments, restructuring charges and non-recurring items). Adjusted EBITDA Margin represents the ratio, expressed as a percentage, of Adjusted EBITDA divided by Adjusted Gross Margin. Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA Margin are non-IFRS financial measures. Adjusted EBITDA does not comply with IFRS because it is adjusted to exclude certain cash and non-cash expenses. We present Adjusted EBITDA as a performance measure because we believe it facilitates a comparison of our consolidated operating performance on a consistent basis from period-to-period and provides for a more complete understanding of factors and trends affecting our business than measures under IFRS can provide alone. We also believe that Adjusted EBITDA is useful to investors in evaluating our operating performance because it provides a means to evaluate the operating performance of our business on an ongoing basis using criteria that our management uses for evaluation and planning purposes. Because Adjusted EBITDA facilitates internal comparisons of our historical financial position and consolidated operating performance on a more consistent basis, our management also uses Adjusted EBITDA in measuring our performance relative to that of our competitors, assessing our ability to incur and service our indebtedness and in communications with our board of directors concerning our operating performance. We also believe Adjusted EBITDA is a useful tool
because it is frequently used by securities analysts, investors and other interested parties in their evaluation of the operating performance of companies in industries similar to ours. However, our definition of Adjusted EBITDA may not be the same
as similarly titled measures used by other companies and does not correspond to the definition of “Consolidated EBITDA” in the indentures governing our senior notes. Adjusted EBITDA has limitations as an analytical tool, and should not be considered in isolation, or as a substitute for an
analysis of our results as reported under IFRS. For example, Adjusted EBITDA does not reflect: • | cash outlays for capital expenditures, including payments for leases capitalized under IFRS 16, or future contractual commitments; • | interest expense, or the cash requirements necessary to service interest, or principal payments, on indebtedness; • | income tax expense or the cash necessary to pay income taxes; • | cash requirements for assets being depreciated and amortized, which will often have to be replaced in the future; • | losses associated with currency exchanges and forward options, included in other financial income (loss); and • | non-cash stock-based compensation expense. 24 Table of Contents Because of these limitations, you should rely primarily on net income (loss)
as determined in accordance with IFRS and use Adjusted EBITDA only as a supplement. In evaluating Adjusted EBITDA, you should be aware that in the future we may incur expenses similar to those for which adjustments are made in calculating Adjusted
EBITDA. Adjusted EBITDA should not be considered as a measure of discretionary cash available to us to invest in the growth of our business. The following tables reconcile net income (loss), the most directly comparable IFRS measure, to Adjusted EBITDA and calculate
Adjusted EBITDA Margin for the years ended December 31, 2019, 2020, 2021, 2022 and 2023: Year Ended December 31,
(in thousands) | 2019 | 2020 | 2021 | 2022 | 2023
Net income (loss) | $ | 166,362 | $ | (296,165) | $ | (2,112,242) | $ | 398,518 | $ | (1,858,601)
Interest income | (32,123) | (8,399) | (1,929) | (14,044) | (48,027)
Interest expense | 261,041 | 336,198 | 384,493 | 456,637 | 538,974
Income tax expense | 4,528 | 7,956 | 5,030 | 8,902 | 6,639
Depreciation, amortization and impairment | 188,195 | 212,002 | 204,407 | 276,513 | 251,311
EBITDA | 588,003 | 251,592 | (1,520,241) | 1,126,526 | (1,109,704)
Private Placement derivatives loss (gain) (a) | 163,297 | (840,459) | 696,102 | (808,523) | 2,007,089
Loss on Private Placement refinancing | — | — | 367,233 | — | —
Gain on sale of Viking Sun | — | — | (75,588) | — | —
Other financial (income) loss | (3,615) | 3,564 | (14,253) | (11,050) | 154,213
Currency loss (gain) | 9,638 | (19,690) | (5,396) | 35,035 | 20,815
Stock-based compensation expense | 6,643 | 56,802 | 23,896 | 25,263 | 17,909
Adjusted EBITDA | $ | 763,966 | $ | (548,191) | $ | (528,247) | $ | 367,251 | $ | 1,090,322 Year Ended December 31,
2019 | 2020 | 2021 | 2022 | 2023
(in thousands, except Adjusted EBITDA Margin)
Adjusted EBITDA | $ | 763,966 | $ | (548,191) | $ | (528,247) | $ | 367,251 | $ | 1,090,322
Adjusted Gross Margin | $ | 2,069,732 | $ | 125,566 | $ | 371,132 | $ | 1,997,771 | $ | 3,070,385
Adjusted EBITDA Margin | 36.9% | NM | NM | 18.4% | 35.5% (a) | Private Placement derivatives loss (gain) represents the non-cash loss (gain) on the remeasurement of the fair value of the derivatives associated with our Series A Preference Shares, Series B Preference Shares and Series C Preference Shares. Our Series A Preference Shares and Series B Preference Shares are no longer outstanding since the issuance of Series C Preference Shares in 2021. Our Series C Preference Shares will automatically convert to ordinary shares immediately prior to the consummation of this offering. Year Ended December 31,
2019 | 2020 | 2021 | 2022 | 2023
(in thousands)
Condensed Statements of Cash Flows Data:
Net cash flow from (used in) operating activities | $ | 1,090,867 | $ | (981,624) | $ | 701,543 | $ | 372,665 | $ | 1,371,331
Net cash flow used in investing activities | (611,104) | (313,842) | (675,534) | (841,502) | (634,227)
Net cash flow (used in) from financing activities | (75,073) | 436,459 | 963,445 | (80,933) | (479,651)
Change in cash and cash equivalents | 404,690 | (859,007) | 989,454 | (549,770) | 257,453
Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents | (761) | (5,320) | (2,548) | (9,863) | 3,120
Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents | $ | 403,929 | $ | (864,327) | $ | 986,906 | $ | (559,633) | $ | 260,573 25 Table of Contents As of December 31, | As of December 31, 2023
2019 | 2020 | 2021 | 2022 | Actual | Pro Forma (1) | Pro Forma As Adjusted (2)
(in thousands)
Condensed Statements of Financial Position Data:
Cash and cash equivalents | $ | 1,690,194 | $ | 825,867 | $ | 1,812,773 | $ | 1,253,140 | $ | 1,513,713 | $ | 1,466,899 | $ | 1,573,456
Total assets | 6,293,006 | 5,710,847 | 7,687,901 | 7,857,455 | 8,495,917 | 8,449,103 | 8,555,188
Long-term portion of bank loans and financial liabilities (3) | 1,254,222 | 1,300,259 | 1,322,311 | 1,711,331 | 1,757,372 | 1,757,372 | 1,757,372
Secured Notes (3) | 666,720 | 1,312,656 | 1,662,641 | 1,670,392 | 1,015,657 | 1,015,657 | 1,015,657
Unsecured Notes (3) | 1,058,590 | 1,060,545 | 1,552,521 | 1,555,857 | 2,270,246 | 2,270,246 | 2,270,246
Private Placement liabilities | 604,228 | 683,702 | 1,375,651 | 1,384,780 | 1,394,552 | — | —
Private Placement derivatives | 1,221,028 | 380,569 | 1,442,193 | 633,670 | 2,640,759 | — | —
Long-term portion of lease liabilities | 89,711 | 89,796 | 87,317 | 239,419 | 227,956 | 227,956 | 227,956
Total non-current liabilities | 4,903,309 | 4,838,016 | 7,529,960 | 7,250,392 | 9,481,905 | 5,446,594 | 5,446,594
Short-term portion of bank loans and financial liabilities (3) | 183,232 | 182,254 | 211,630 | 251,561 | 253,020 | 253,020 | 253,020
Short-term portion of lease liabilities | 9,115 | 8,559 | 10,924 | 22,991 | 24,670 | 24,670 | 24,670
Total current liabilities | 2,651,595 | 2,392,867 | 4,042,601 | 4,100,480 | 4,363,891 | 4,502,876 | 4,363,766
Total shareholders’ equity | (1,261,898) | (1,520,036) | (3,884,660) | (3,493,417) | (5,349,879) | (1,500,367) | (1,255,172)
Total shareholders’ equity and liabilities | $ | 6,293,006 | $ | 5,710,847 | $ | 7,687,901 | $ | 7,857,455 | $ | 8,495,917 | $ | 8,449,103 | $ | 8,555,188 (1) | Pro forma gives effect to (a) the Conversion Event, (b) the net issuance of 10,931,936 ordinary shares issuable in connection with the vesting and settlement of outstanding RSUs as of December 31, 2023 under the 2018 Plan for which all vesting conditions will be met upon the consummation of this offering, after giving effect to the withholding of 5,319,728 ordinary shares to satisfy the estimated tax withholding and remittance obligations (based on the initial public offering price of $24.00 and an assumed 33% weighted average tax withholding rate) and the resulting $139.0 million increase in accrued expenses and other current liabilities and corresponding decrease in shareholders’ equity for these estimated tax remittance and withholding obligations and (c) the 2024 Dividend. (2) | Pro forma as adjusted gives further effect to (a) the pro forma items described immediately above and (b) our issuance and sale of 11,000,000 ordinary shares in this offering at the initial public offering price of $24.00 per ordinary share, after deducting the estimated underwriting discounts and commissions, estimated offering expenses payable by us and cash payment of the estimated tax remittance and withholding obligations in connection with the RSU Net Settlement. (3) | As of December 31, 2019, 2020, 2021, 2022 and 2023, aggregate unamortized loan and financial liability fees were $64.8 million, $84.4 million, $99.0 million, $120.8 million and $130.3 million, respectively. 26 Table of Contents Unaudited Non-IFRS Financial Measures: The following table sets forth certain unaudited Non-IFRS financial measures for the years ended December 31, 2019 and
2023. Year Ended December 31,
2019 | 2023
Adjusted FCF (1) (in thousands) | $ | 893,893 | $ | 1,006,079
Adjusted FCF Conversion (1) | 117.0% | 92.3%
ROIC (2) | 26.1% | 27.5% (1) | Adjusted FCF represents net cash flow from operating activities as adjusted for interest paid, interest payments for lease liabilities, interest received, and Ongoing Capex, as further adjusted for the cash portion of interest expense related to our Series C Preference Shares. Our Series C Preference Shares will automatically convert into ordinary shares immediately prior to the consummation of this offering. Adjusted FCF Conversion represents the ratio, expressed as a percentage, of Adjusted FCF divided by Adjusted EBITDA. Adjusted FCF and Adjusted FCF Conversion are non-IFRS financial measures. Management believes these are a relevant measure of our liquidity because Adjusted FCF provides additional information on our ability to support the future growth of the business and repay debt after making capital investments to support ongoing business operations and Adjusted FCF Conversion quantifies how efficiently we generate cash on an ongoing basis. Adjusted FCF does not represent the residual cash flow available for discretionary expenditures as it excludes certain mandatory expenditures such as repayment of debt. Adjusted FCF and Adjusted FCF Conversion have limitations as analytical tools, and should not be considered in isolation, or as a substitute for an analysis of our results as reported under IFRS. The following tables reconcile net cash flow from (used in) operating activities, the most directly comparable IFRS measure, to Adjusted FCF for the year ended December 31, 2023. Year Ended December 31,
2019 | 2023
(in thousands)
Net cash flow from operating activities | $ | 1,090,867 | $ | 1,371,331
Interest paid | (222,471) | (407,759)
Interest payments for lease liabilities | (5,137) | (22,763)
Interest received | 31,054 | 45,631
Ongoing Capex | (40,740) | (65,407)
Cash portion of interest expense related to Series C Preference Shares | 40,320 | 85,046
Adjusted FCF | $ | 893,893 | $ | 1,006,079
Year Ended December 31,
2019 | 2023
(in thousands)
Investments in PP&E | $ | (631,923) | $ | (673,932)
Additions to PP&E for vessels and ships under construction | 331,988 | 608,352
Additions to PP&E for vessels and ships delivered in current period | 259,195 | 173
Ongoing Capex | $ | (40,740) | $ | (65,407) Year Ended December 31,
2019 | 2023
(in thousands, except Adjusted FCF Conversion)
Adjusted FCF | $ | 893,893 | $ | 1,006,079
Adjusted EBITDA | $ | 763,966 | $ | 1,090,322
Adjusted FCF Conversion | 117.0% | 92.3% (2) | ROIC is the ratio, expressed as a percentage, of operating income (loss) adjusted for income tax expense, divided by Invested Capital. ROIC is a non-IFRS financial measure. Management believes this is a relevant measure of our performance because it quantifies how efficiently we generated operating income relative to the total capital we have invested in the business. ROIC has limitations as an analytical tool, and should not be considered in isolation, or as a substitute for an analysis of our results as reported under IFRS. The tables below show the calculation of ROIC for the year ended December 31, 2023. 27 Table of Contents Year Ended December 31,
2019 | 2023
(in thousands)
Operating income | $ | 566,095 | $ | 818,358
Income tax expense | (4,528) | (6,639)
Operating income, after tax (a) | $ | 561,567 | $ | 811,719
Year Ended December 31,
2019 | 2023
(in thousands, except ROIC)
Average indebtedness for four quarters | $ | 5,131,353 | $ | 8,574,041
Average loan fees for four quarters | 144,274 | 157,916
Average cash and cash equivalents for four quarters | (1,681,159) | (1,452,253)
Average shareholders’ equity for four quarters | (1,443,589) | (4,330,818)
Invested Capital (b) | $ | 2,150,879 | $ | 2,948,886
ROIC (a) / (b) | 26.1% | 27.5% Operating Information—Statistical and Operating Data: The following table sets forth selected statistical and operating data (1) on a consolidated basis, (2) for Viking
River and (3) for Viking Ocean for the years ended December 31, 2019, 2020, 2021, 2022 and 2023. Year Ended December 31,
2019 | 2020 | 2021 | 2022 | 2023
Statistical and Operating Data (Consolidated):
Vessels operated | 78 | 11 | 53 | 78 | 84
Passengers | 512,622 | 28,772 | 102,121 | 469,935 | 649,669
PCDs | 4,772,678 | 412,527 | 842,708 | 4,225,598 | 6,069,070
Capacity PCDs | 5,009,104 | 453,410 | 1,859,410 | 5,389,816 | 6,476,790
Occupancy | 95.3% | 91.0% | 45.3% | 78.4% | 93.7%
Adjusted Gross Margin (1) (in thousands) | $ | 2,069,732 | $ | 125,566 | $ | 371,132 | $ | 1,997,771 | $ | 3,070,385
Net Yield | $ | 434 | NM | NM | $ | 473 | $ | 506
Vessel operating expenses (in thousands) | $ | 778,814 | $ | 321,749 | $ | 458,312 | $ | 974,159 | $ | 1,211,676
Vessel operating expenses excluding fuel (2) (in thousands) | $ | 698,923 | $ | 286,965 | $ | 398,223 | $ | 833,492 | $ | 1,036,969
Vessel operating expenses per Capacity PCD | $ | 155 | NM | NM | $ | 181 | $ | 187
Vessel operating expenses excluding fuel per Capacity PCD | $ | 140 | NM | NM | $ | 155 | $ | 160
Statistical and Operating Data (Viking River):
Vessels operated | 67 | 5 | 47 | 67 | 70
Passengers | 335,275 | 1,474 | 52,411 | 289,714 | 366,730
PCDs | 2,680,689 | 11,380 | 416,103 | 2,330,479 | 2,957,595
Capacity PCDs | 2,804,950 | 12,590 | 948,940 | 2,910,066 | 3,097,264
Occupancy | 95.6% | 90.4% | 43.8% | 80.1% | 95.5%
Adjusted Gross Margin (1) (in thousands) | $ | 1,176,153 | $ | (14,234) | $ | 182,488 | $ | 1,069,449 | $ | 1,411,214
Net Yield | $ | 439 | NM | NM | $ | 459 | $ | 477
Statistical and Operating Data (Viking Ocean):
Vessels operated | 6 | 6 | 6 | 8 | 9
Passengers | 157,271 | 27,298 | 49,710 | 162,009 | 243,291
PCDs | 1,907,693 | 401,147 | 426,605 | 1,738,643 | 2,724,241
Capacity PCDs | 1,968,810 | 440,820 | 910,470 | 2,279,430 | 2,914,620
Occupancy | 96.9% | 91.0% | 46.9% | 76.3% | 93.5%
Adjusted Gross Margin (1) (in thousands) | $ | 851,858 | $ | 139,284 | $ | 153,429 | $ | 801,285 | $ | 1,354,215
Net Yield | $ | 447 | NM | NM | $ | 461 | $ | 497 (1) | Adjusted Gross Margin is a non-IFRS financial measure. Management believes this is a relevant measure of our performance because it reflects revenue earned net of certain direct variable costs. Adjusted Gross Margin has limitations as an analytical tool, and should not be considered in isolation, or as a substitute for an analysis of our results as reported under IFRS. 28 Table of Contents The following table reconciles gross margin, the most directly comparable
IFRS measure, to Adjusted Gross Margin for the years ended December 31, 2019, 2020, 2021, 2022 and 2023 (1) on a consolidated basis, (2) for Viking River and (3) for Viking Ocean: Year Ended December 31,
2019 | 2020 | 2021 | 2022 | 2023
Consolidated
(in thousands)
Total revenue | $ | 3,196,766 | $ | 257,301 | $ | 625,101 | $ | 3,175,979 | $ | 4,710,493
Total cruise operating expenses | (1,905,848) | (453,484) | (712,281) | (2,152,367) | (2,851,784)
Ship depreciation and impairment | (156,502) | (179,105) | (175,395) | (240,971) | (219,119)
Gross margin | 1,134,416 | (375,288) | (262,575) | 782,641 | 1,639,590
Ship depreciation and impairment | 156,502 | 179,105 | 175,395 | 240,971 | 219,119
Vessel operating | 778,814 | 321,749 | 458,312 | 974,159 | 1,211,676
Adjusted Gross Margin | $ | 2,069,732 | $ | 125,566 | $ | 371,132 | $ | 1,997,771 | $ | 3,070,385
Year Ended December 31,
2019 | 2020 | 2021 | 2022 | 2023
Viking River
(in thousands)
Total revenue | $ | 1,904,521 | $ | 24,929 | $ | 339,208 | $ | 1,796,498 | $ | 2,341,274
Total cruise operating expenses | (1,156,443) | (186,569) | (382,579) | (1,189,768) | (1,446,513)
Ship depreciation and impairment | (96,934) | (105,239) | (109,494) | (139,913) | (89,540)
Gross margin | 651,144 | (266,879) | (152,865) | 466,817 | 805,221
Ship depreciation and impairment | 96,934 | 105,239 | 109,494 | 139,913 | 89,540
Vessel operating | 428,075 | 147,406 | 225,859 | 462,719 | 516,453
Adjusted Gross Margin | $ | 1,176,153 | $ | (14,234) | $ | 182,488 | $ | 1,069,449 | $ | 1,411,214
Year Ended December 31,
2019 | 2020 | 2021 | 2022 | 2023
Viking Ocean
(in thousands)
Total revenue | $ | 1,214,131 | $ | 231,475 | $ | 250,451 | $ | 1,189,298 | $ | 1,945,200
Total cruise operating expenses | (672,578) | (252,110) | (326,206) | (802,832) | (1,131,696)
Ship depreciation and impairment | (59,511) | (65,453) | (65,581) | (79,459) | (96,900)
Gross margin | 482,042 | (86,088) | (141,336) | 307,007 | 716,604
Ship depreciation and impairment | 59,511 | 65,453 | 65,581 | 79,459 | 96,900
Vessel operating | 310,305 | 159,919 | 229,184 | 414,819 | 540,711
Adjusted Gross Margin | $ | 851,858 | $ | 139,284 | $ | 153,429 | $ | 801,285 | $ | 1,354,215 (2) | Vessel operating expenses excluding fuel is a non-IFRS financial measure. Management believes this is a relevant measure for evaluating our ability to control costs. Vessel operating expenses excluding fuel has limitations as an analytical tool because it excludes an expense necessary for conducting our operations, and should not be considered in isolation, or as a substitute for an analysis of our results as reported under IFRS. The following table reconciles vessel operating expenses excluding fuel to vessel operating expenses, the most directly comparable IFRS measure, for the years ended December 31, 2019, 2020, 2021, 2022 and 2023: Year Ended December 31,
2019 | 2020 | 2021 | 2022 | 2023
(in thousands)
Vessel operating expenses | $ | 778,814 | $ | 321,749 | $ | 458,312 | $ | 974,159 | $ | 1,211,676
Fuel expense | (79,891) | (34,784) | (60,089) | (140,667) | (174,707)
Vessel operating expenses excluding fuel | $ | 698,923 | $ | 286,965 | $ | 398,223 | $ | 833,492 | $ | 1,036,969 29 Table of Contents Operating Information—Advance Bookings: Advance Bookings reflects the aggregate ticketed amount for guest bookings for our voyages at a specific point in time, and
include bookings for cruises, land extensions and air. Advance Bookings does not reflect changes to guest reservations after the applicable specific point in time. Advance Bookings are presented in U.S. dollars. As guests from Australia, Canada and
the United Kingdom make reservations in local currencies, the ticketed amounts are converted based on the relevant exchange rate. Advance Bookings includes redemptions of vouchers. For our core products, operating capacity is 5% higher for the 2024 season in comparison to the 2023 season and 12% higher for
the 2025 season in comparison to the 2024 season. For our core products as of April 14, 2024, for the 2024, 2025 and 2026 seasons, we had sold 89%, 34% and 5%, respectively, of our Capacity PCDs and had $4,468 million, $2,196 million and $374
million, respectively, of Advance Bookings. These Advance Bookings were 13%, 40% and 42% higher in comparison to the 2023, 2024 and 2025 seasons, respectively, at the same point in time. Advance Bookings per PCD for the 2024 season was $747, 9%
higher than the 2023 season, and Advance Bookings per PCD for the 2025 season was $857, 12% higher than the 2024 season. The following bullets contain additional information about Advance Bookings for Viking Ocean and Viking River for the 2024,
2025 and 2026 seasons as of April 14, 2024, compared with the 2023, 2024 and 2025 seasons, respectively, at the same point in time: Viking Ocean: • | Operating capacity is 7% higher for the 2024 season in comparison to the 2023 season. We had sold 89% of our Capacity PCDs for the 2024 season, and had $1,881 million of Advance Bookings, an increase of 15% compared to the same point in time for the 2023 season. Advance Bookings per PCD for the 2024 season was $678, compared to $638 at the same point in time for the 2023 season. • | Operating capacity is 17% higher for the 2025 season in comparison to the 2024 season. We had sold 41% of our Capacity PCDs for the 2025 season, and had $1,136 million of Advance Bookings, an increase of 34% compared to the same point in time for the 2024 season. Advance Bookings per PCD for the 2025 season was $752, compared to $664 at the same point in time for the 2024 season. • | We had sold 6% of our Capacity PCDs for the 2026 season, and had $211 million of Advance Bookings, an increase of 35% compared to the same point in time for the 2025 season. Viking River: • | Operating capacity is 4% higher for the 2024 season in comparison to the 2023 season. We had sold 89% of our Capacity PCDs for the 2024 season, and had $2,227 million of Advance Bookings, an increase of 11% compared to the same point in time for the 2023 season. Advance Bookings per PCD for the 2024 season was $780, compared to $696 at the same point in time for the 2023 season. • | Operating capacity is 8% higher for the 2025 season in comparison to the 2024 season. We had sold 26% of our Capacity PCDs for the 2025 season, and had $869 million of Advance Bookings, an increase of 40% compared to the same point in time for the 2024 season. Advance Bookings per PCD for the 2025 season was $962, compared to $907 at the same point in time for the 2024 season. • | We had sold 3% of our Capacity PCDs for the 2026 season, and had $115 million of Advance Bookings, an increase of 10% compared to the same point in time for the 2025 season. 30 Table of Contents RISK FACTORS Investing in our ordinary shares involves a high degree of risk. You should carefully consider the risks and uncertainties
described below, in addition to the other information set forth in this prospectus, including the financial statements and the related notes included elsewhere in this prospectus, before purchasing our ordinary shares. If any of the following risks
actually occur, our business, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations could be negatively impacted. In that case, the trading price of our ordinary shares would likely decline and you might lose all or part of your investment.
Additional risks and uncertainties not currently known to us or that we currently deem to be immaterial may also adversely affect our business, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations. Risks Related to Our Business, Our Operations and Our Industry Changes in the general worldwide economic and political environment could reduce the demand for cruises. The demand for cruises is affected by international, national and local economic and market conditions. Adverse changes in the
perceived or actual economic climate in North America or globally, such as volatility in fuel prices, higher interest rates, inflation, stock and real estate market declines or volatility, more restrictive credit markets, higher unemployment rates,
higher taxes or changes in governmental policies could reduce the level of discretionary income or consumer confidence in the countries from which we source our guests. Consequently, this may negatively affect demand for cruises, which are
discretionary purchases, in these countries. In addition, inflation or any other increase in the cost of goods and services purchased by us as a result of economic and market conditions would increase our operating costs and we may not be able to
offset these cost increases without raising prices, which could reduce the demand for cruises. In the event of higher interest rates, we may also experience a change in guest booking and payment patterns as guests may be less likely to pay in full
for their cruises for early booking discounts, which may adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. Any decrease in demand for cruise vacations could result in price discounting, which, in turn, could adversely
affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. Changes in the general political environment (including an outbreak of armed conflict, such as the Russia-Ukraine and Israel-Hamas conflicts) could also impact economic and market
conditions and cause an increase in the cost of goods or affect the supply chain. Changes in international, national and
local political conditions could also reduce the demand for cruises. For example, Russia’s adverse relationship with the United States, European countries and others, including as a result of the Russia-Ukraine conflict, has affected the
public’s attitude towards visiting Russia, Ukraine and other Eastern European countries, which has led to declining demand for cruises in those regions. Likewise, continued political unrest in the Middle East, including as a result of the
Israel-Hamas conflict, may adversely affect travel in the region. The threat of additional attacks and of armed hostilities internationally or locally may cause prospective travelers to cancel their plans, including plans for cruise vacations, which
may have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. Additionally, the United States Department of State has issued advisories regarding travel to Russia, Ukraine and certain countries in the Middle East, impeding
the ability of travelers to attain travel insurance and thereby adversely affecting demand for travel to these regions. Even after resolution of the Russia-Ukraine and Israel-Hamas conflicts, there is no guarantee that demand for cruises in these
regions will return. Adverse weather conditions or other natural disasters, including high or low river water levels, may require
us to alter our itineraries or cancel existing cruises. Our operations may be impacted by adverse weather
patterns, natural disasters or environmental changes, such as hurricanes, high or low river water levels, earthquakes, floods, fires, tornados, tsunamis, typhoons or volcanic eruptions. These events could result in, among other things, alterations
to our itineraries or cancellations of cruises, shore excursions or pre- and post-trip cruise extensions, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 31 Table of Contents For example, in 2018 and 2022, several regions in Europe experienced
significant low water conditions, which resulted in the disruption or cancellation of certain river cruises. To minimize the impact of these disruptions, we continued our passengers’ journeys on the disrupted cruises by transferring them
between our fleet of identical Longships, which we positioned on adjacent sides of the low water areas. In instances where cruises are disrupted or cancelled as a result of adverse weather conditions or other natural disasters, we provide cash
refunds or issue future cruise vouchers. Extreme weather events, such as hurricanes, floods and typhoons, natural
disasters and other environmental changes may not only cause disruptions, alterations or cancellations of cruises, shore excursions or pre- and post-trip cruise extensions, but may also adversely affect
commercial airline flights and other transport or prevent our guests from electing to cruise altogether. For example, the 2010 volcanic eruptions at Eyjafjallajôkull in Iceland resulted in a six-day air
travel ban across western and northern Europe, with 95,000 flights cancelled. Such extreme events may also disrupt the supply of provisions, fuel or shore power, and may limit our ability to safely embark and disembark our guests. In addition, these
extreme events could result in increased wave and wind activity, which would make it more challenging to sail and dock our ships. These events could have an adverse impact on the safety and satisfaction of cruising and could have an adverse impact
on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Adverse incidents involving cruise ships may adversely affect our
business, financial condition and results of operations. The operation of cruise ships carries an inherent risk of
loss caused by adverse weather conditions and maritime disasters, including, but not limited to, oil spills and other environmental mishaps, extreme weather conditions such as hurricanes, floods and typhoons, volcanoes, earthquakes, rogue waves,
tsunamis, fire, mechanical failure, collisions, human error, war, terrorism, piracy, political action, civil unrest or insurrection in various countries. Any such event may result in loss of life or property, loss of revenue or increased costs. If
there is a significant accident, mechanical failure or similar problem involving a ship, we may also have to place the ship in an extended dry-dock period for repairs, which could result in material lost
revenue or significant expenditures. The operation of our fleet also involves the risk of other incidents at sea or while in port, including missing guests, inappropriate crew or guest behavior, an outbreak of illness onboard or onboard crimes,
which may bring into question guest safety, may adversely affect future industry performance and may lead to litigation against us. Although we place guest safety as the highest priority in the design and operation of our fleet, we have experienced
accidents and other incidents involving our cruise ships, including the partial evacuation of the Viking Sky in Norway in 2019, the collision involving the Viking Sigyn in Budapest in 2019 and the rogue wave that hit the Viking
Polaris in 2022. There can be no assurance that similar events will not occur in the future. It is possible that we could be forced to cancel cruises or alter itineraries due to these factors or incur increased port-related and other costs
resulting from such adverse events. Any such event involving our cruise ships or other cruise ships may adversely affect guests’ perceptions of safety or result in increased governmental or other regulatory oversight. An adverse judgment or
settlement in respect of any of the ongoing claims or any future claims against us may also lead to negative publicity about us. Maintaining a good reputation is also critical to our business. Reports, whether true or not, of ship accidents and other
incidents at sea or while in port can result in negative publicity, cruise cancellations, employee absenteeism or the perception that cruising is more dangerous than other vacation alternatives. The considerable expansion in the use of social media
over recent years has compounded the potential scope of the negative publicity that could be generated by those incidents. Anything that damages our reputation, whether or not justified, including adverse publicity about the safety and guest
satisfaction of cruising, even if such publicity is not directly related to our operations, could have an adverse impact on demand, which could lead to price discounting and a reduction in our sales and could adversely affect our business, financial
condition and results of operations. 32 Table of Contents Disease outbreaks or pandemics have had, and in the future could have, a significant
impact on the travel industry generally and on our business and results of operations. In the event of a disease
outbreak or pandemic, we could be adversely impacted by the following: • | negative publicity regarding cruising, including as a result of the initial responses and measures taken by us or other cruise lines in response to a disease outbreak or pandemic, and public perceptions of the safety of cruising, including as a result of governmental guidance, such as advisories issued by the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention; • | governmental restrictions or shutdowns, including the closure of borders or the closure or congestion of certain ports to our ships, which may change from time to time due to the fluid nature of a pandemic; • | reduction in demand or an increase in guest cancellations, and as a result, reductions in booking rates, future revenues and cash flow; • | reduction in our revenues and cash flows as a result of changes to our cancellation policies, and issuances, or redemptions, of vouchers for cancelled or disrupted cruises; • | increased costs as a result of measures required to be taken, or that we elect to take, to protect the safety of our guests and crew, including potential increased investments in medical testing equipment and supplies, costs of health screenings for our guests and crew, enhanced cleaning and disinfecting protocols, measures with respect to food and beverage service and compliance with any regulations or policies regarding reduced occupancy or social distancing; • | increased costs or interruptions of service for airlines, ports or any of the other key vendors in our supply chain, including travel agencies, hotel, restaurant and shore excursion suppliers; • | supply chain issues caused by restrictions on movement of goods, impacting our ability to provide our guests with food, linens or toiletries; and • | potential lawsuits stemming from exposure to illnesses. For example, in 2020 and 2021, the COVID-19 pandemic resulted in significant
disruption and additional risks to our business, the cruise industry and the global economy such as those discussed above. In particular, on March 11, 2020, we became the first cruise line to announce a suspension of worldwide cruise operations
and we did not resume any operations until May 2021 when we began operating select ocean cruises, which were limited to certain locations and reduced occupancy. In an attempt to limit the spread of COVID-19, various governments also imposed travel restrictions, restricted business activities or closed ports to cruise ships, which made travel exceedingly complicated. The extent of the impact of a disease outbreak or pandemic on our business, financial condition and results of operations
depends on many factors, including the duration, spread and severity of the outbreak, any resurgence or new variants, the duration and geographic scope of related travel advisories and restrictions, the extent of the impact on overall demand for
travel, the impact on unemployment rates and consumer discretionary spending and our ability to reduce expenses and conserve cash as needed, all of which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted. Our core demographic may also be more
apprehensive about traveling during, or following, a disease outbreak or pandemic given their age profile, which could have a significant impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Actions taken by us in response to a disease outbreak or pandemic, either to conserve cash, increase demand for our cruises or
otherwise, may also affect our business, financial condition and results of operations for periods following containment of the outbreak. Specifically, since 2020, when we have cancelled sailings, guests have generally had the option to receive
either a refund in cash or a voucher. In addition, for bookings made through June 30, 2022, we temporarily updated our cancellation policies to give our guests the option to cancel cruises closer to the date of departure and receive Risk Free
Vouchers instead of incurring cancellation penalties. If guests use vouchers, including Risk Free Vouchers, to book cruises in future periods, our cash flow from bookings in those periods will be lower. 33 Table of Contents The threat of terrorist attacks, wars, acts of piracy and other events affecting the
safety and security of travel can reduce the demand for cruises or require us to cancel existing bookings. Demand
for cruises has been, and is expected to continue to be, affected by the public’s attitude towards the safety and security of travel. For example, the terrorist attacks in the United States on September 11, 2001, in France on
November 13, 2015 and in Belgium on March 22, 2016 had a significant adverse impact on demand and, consequently, pricing for cruises and other travel and vacation options. The threat or possibility of future terrorist acts, an outbreak of
hostilities or armed conflict or the possibility or fear of such events, political unrest and instability, the issuance of travel advisory warnings or elevated national threat warnings by national governments, an increase in the activity of pirates
or other geopolitical uncertainties could have a similar adverse impact on the demand for cruises in the future. The continuation of the Russia-Ukraine and Israel-Hamas conflicts could similarly have an adverse impact on demand for travel in Europe,
the Middle East and in nearby regions. Any decrease in demand for cruises could impact our pricing, yields and booking curves, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. Adverse political conditions and events, such as an outbreak of hostilities or armed conflict, could also require us to modify
or cancel existing bookings, which would result in greater refunds, lower capacity utilization and reduced reliability of bookings as an indicator of future revenues. For example, due to political unrest in Ukraine at the time, we decided not to
operate certain itineraries for the 2015 to 2017 seasons. Beginning with the onset of the Russia-Ukraine conflict in 2022, we decided not to operate our Ukraine and Russia itineraries and we continue not to have any of these itineraries for sale.
Currently, we have one river vessel in Ukraine and five river vessels in Russia. In 2022, we recognized a $28.6 million impairment to decrease the carrying value of these vessels to their estimated values in use of zero. Additionally, beginning
in October 2023, the Israel-Hamas conflict caused us to reroute ocean itineraries with stops in Israel and to cancel pre- and post-trip cruise extensions in Israel. If the Russia-Ukraine or Israel-Hamas
conflicts are not resolved or there is an outbreak or escalation of hostilities in other regions, it may lead to cancellations or adjustments in our sailing routes in future seasons, or it could result in the impairment or loss of other ships, which
could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. Changes in fuel prices would affect the cost of
our cruise ship operations and our hedging strategies may not protect us from increased costs related to fuel prices. For the year ended December 31, 2023, fuel costs were 14.4% of our vessel operating expenses. The cost of fuel rose
substantially in 2022 and remained high throughout 2023. Increases in the cost of fuel globally, including as a result of global inflation, geopolitical events, including the Russia-Ukraine and Israel-Hamas conflicts, or regulatory requirements that
require us to use more expensive types of fuel would increase our fuel costs. Any increase in the cost of fuel or increase in our fuel consumption, or any regulations requiring the use of more expensive fuel types, would increase our operating costs
and we may be unable to implement fuel conservation initiatives and other practices to help offset these fuel cost increases. An increase in fuel prices not only affects our fuel costs, but also some of our other expenses, such as crew travel,
freight and commodity prices and the price of airfare for our guests, which, in turn, could increase our expenses and have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Despite any fuel financial instruments, we
are currently a party to, or may enter into in the future, increases in fuel prices could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Our risk management program may not be successful in mitigating
higher fuel costs, and any price protection provided may be limited due to market conditions. To the extent that we use derivative contracts that have the potential to create an obligation to pay upon settlement if fuel prices decline significantly,
such derivative contracts may limit our ability to benefit fully from lower fuel costs in the future as a result of payments we may be required to make in connection therewith. There can be no assurance that our derivative arrangements will be
cost-effective, will provide any particular level of protection against rises in fuel prices or that our counterparties will be able to satisfy their obligations under our derivative arrangements. Additionally, deterioration in our financial
condition could negatively affect our ability to enter into new derivative contracts in the future. 34 Table of Contents Increased labor costs or our inability to recruit or retain employees may adversely
affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. We must continue to recruit, retain and
motivate our employees in order to maintain our current business and support our projected growth. We need to hire and train a considerable number of qualified crew members to staff our ships and in some jurisdictions, we are subject to legal or
regulatory requirements that limit the available labor pool to select nationalities. Factors outside of our control, including, but not limited to, high demand for skilled employees with limited supply, labor shortages, other general inflationary
pressures or changes in applicable laws and regulations, could make it more difficult for us to attract and retain employees generally and could require us to enhance our wage and benefits packages. This may require significant efforts on the part
of our management team, and our inability to hire a sufficient number of qualified crew members could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. Currently, we are party to a collective bargaining agreement with the
Norwegian Seafarers’ Union and the Associated Marine Officers’ and Seamen’s Union of the Philippines to set out the terms and conditions of certain employees on our ships, except for those ships registered in the Ordinary Norwegian
Registry. Any future amendments to such collective bargaining agreements or inability to satisfactorily renegotiate such agreements may increase our labor costs and have a negative impact on our financial condition. In addition, although our
collective bargaining agreements have a no-strike provision, they may not prevent a disruption in work on our ships in the future. Any such disruptions in work could have a material adverse effect on our
financial results. Increases in inflation could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. Many of the factors affecting us, our guests and our vendors are outside of our control. Global economic factors
such as inflation, which may cause increases in fuel prices and labor costs as discussed above, may increase our operating costs and have a negative impact on our business. In June 2022, inflation rates reached their highest levels in approximately
three decades in the United States. Although the inflation rate has subsequently decreased, in this inflationary environment, we experienced increases in our operating costs due to the rising cost of labor, fuel, food and other services and products
provided by our vendors. Continued elevated levels of inflation in the United States, Europe and the other countries in which we operate creates significant uncertainty around costs and could adversely affect our business, financial condition and
results of operations. In addition, concerns about inflation may cause our guests to save money and postpone traveling with us, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. Fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates could affect our financial results. We earn revenue, pay expenses and incur liabilities in countries using currencies other than the U.S. dollar. The most
significant non-U.S. dollar currency for our business is the euro, as a substantial portion of our operating expenses and costs of newbuilds are in euros. Because our consolidated financial statements are
presented in U.S. dollars, we must translate revenues and expenses, as well as assets and liabilities, into U.S. dollars at exchange rates in effect during or at the end of each reporting period. As a result, fluctuations in foreign currency
exchange rates, particularly the weakening of the U.S. dollar against other major currencies, unless effectively hedged, could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. For the year ended December 31, 2023, 12.0% of our total revenue was generated in currencies other than the U.S. dollar.
For the year ended December 31, 2023, 31.1% of total commissions and transportation costs, direct costs of cruise, land and onboard, vessel operating and selling and administration expenses were incurred in currencies other than the U.S.
dollar. For these expenses, we estimated that a 10% increase or decrease in the value of the U.S. dollar against the euro, with all other variables held constant, would have resulted in a $80.3 million effect on our loss before income taxes for
the year ended December 31, 2023, not taking into consideration any hedging activities. Additionally, certain of our
loans are denominated in currencies other than the U.S. dollar, primarily the loans associated with financing the Viking Neptune and the Viking Saturn, which are denominated in euros. 35 Table of Contents Based on our outstanding Viking Neptune and Viking Saturn loan balances as of December 31, 2023, a 10% increase or decrease in the value of the U.S. dollar against the euro,
with all other variables held constant, would have resulted in a $65.5 million, decrease or increase on the balance of the bank loans. Because we operate globally, we are exposed to foreign exchange risks in the form of both transaction risks and translation
risks. Our policy is to monitor our exchange rate exposure and determine if we should enter into financial transactions, such as hedges, to completely or partly mitigate risks resulting from fluctuating currency exchange rate movements. In 2022, we
entered into forward foreign currency contracts to purchase €235.0 million at an average euro to U.S. dollar rate of 1.05, with maturities on various dates in 2023. In 2023, we entered into an additional €470.0 million in forward
foreign currency contracts at an average euro to U.S. dollar rate of 1.09, with maturities on various dates in 2024. In 2024, we entered into an additional €250.0 million in forward foreign currency contracts at an average euro to U.S.
dollar rate of 1.10, with maturities on various dates in 2025. There can be no assurance, however, that our decisions on whether to enter into hedges and any hedges we enter into will prove successful in mitigating the potentially negative impact of
exchange rate fluctuations. Additionally, significant volatility in the relevant exchange rates may increase our hedging costs, as well as limit our ability to hedge our exchange rate exposure. In particular, we may not adequately hedge against
unfavorable exchange rate movements, including those of certain emerging market currencies, which could have an adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. An increase in cruise capacity without a corresponding increase in demand and infrastructure could adversely affect our business,
financial condition and results of operations. We continue to expand our fleet. These increases in capacity may
cause us to experience reduced Occupancy and engage in discounted pricing, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. We also base our fleet expansion decisions on certain assumptions regarding future
guest demand. We can give no assurance that future guest demand will be as expected and various factors, including factors outside of our control, could negatively affect demand for our cruises. In addition, there can be no guarantee that there will be sufficient infrastructure to support an increase in cruise capacity.
As the size of the cruise industry increases, the availability of docking space and ports of call on routes on which we operate could become scarce. If we are unable to secure sufficient docking space or ports of call that are convenient to the
cultural attractions and excursions we offer, our guests’ experiences and our operations could be adversely affected. Similarly, an increasing supply of cruises could adversely affect our ability to attract and train qualified cruise personnel
and access desirable local hotels, buses and tour guides in locations in which we operate. Any of these factors could lead to a limitation of our future growth and adversely affect our ability to grow our business. Overcapacity and competition in the cruise and land-based vacation industry may lead to a decline in our cruise sales, pricing and
destination options. We may be impacted by increases in capacity in the cruise and land-based vacation industry,
which may result in capacity growth beyond demand, either globally or for a region, or for a particular itinerary. We face competition from other cruise brands on the basis of overall experience, destinations, types and sizes of ships and cabins,
travel agent preferences and value. In addition, we compete with land-based vacation alternatives throughout the world on the basis of overall experience, destinations and value. Our success is substantially dependent on the continued service of our senior management. Our success is substantially dependent on the continued service of our senior management, including our Chairman of our board
of directors and Chief Executive Officer. The loss of the services of our senior management could make it more difficult to successfully operate our business and achieve our business goals. We also may be unable to retain existing management who are
critical to our success, which could result in harm to our guest and employee relationships, loss of key information, expertise or know-how and unanticipated recruitment and training costs. 36 Table of Contents We have not obtained key man life insurance policies on any member of our
senior management team. As a result, we would not be protected against the associated financial loss if we were to lose the services of members of our senior management team. We operate in a highly competitive industry and we may not be able to compete effectively. The cruise industry is highly competitive, and we expect that competition will continue to increase. We face significant
competition both on the basis of pricing and in terms of the types of ships, services, itineraries and destinations being offered. Our principal competitors within the river cruise industry include such companies as AMA Waterways, Inc., Avalon
Waterways, Emerald Cruises, Tauck, and Uniworld River Cruises, Inc. Our principal competitors within the ocean cruise industry include premium and luxury ocean cruise operators such as Azamara Cruises, Celebrity Cruises, Crystal Cruises, Holland
America Line, MSC Explora, Oceania Cruises, Princess Cruises, Regent Seven Seas Cruises, Seabourn Cruise Line and Silversea Cruise Holding Ltd. Our Viking Expedition product faces competition from companies such as Hurtigruten Expeditions, Lindblad
Expeditions, Pearl Seas Cruises, Ponant, Quark Expeditions and Silversea Cruise Holding Ltd. The Viking Mississippi product competes with American Cruise Lines. We also face competition from land-based vacation alternatives, such as hotels and
resorts, package holidays, tours, vacation ownership properties, casinos and tourist destinations throughout the world. In the event that we do not compete effectively, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely
affected. Our expansion into new products may be unsuccessful. We regularly evaluate opportunities to expand our itineraries and product offerings. We launched Viking Expedition in
January 2022 and Viking Mississippi in September 2022. We believe there remain significant opportunities to expand our itineraries and product offerings. Expansion into new products requires significant levels of investment, start-up costs and attention from management. We also believe there may be opportunities to expand our business beyond the cruise market. There can be no assurance that these cruise or non-cruise products will develop as anticipated or that we will have success in these products. If we do not, we may be unable to recover our investment to expand our business into these markets and may forgo
opportunities in more lucrative products, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. Our expansion into the China market, including China Outbound and the China JV Investment, may not be successful. During 2016, we launched European river cruise itineraries that are designed specifically for guests from the Chinese outbound
travel market. As a result of government-imposed travel restrictions preventing outbound travel, we did not operate China Outbound in 2020, 2021 or 2022. Although we resumed our China Outbound operations in June 2023 with two Longships, there are no
assurances that government-imposed travel restrictions will remain lifted, that Chinese guests will be attracted to our product or that this product will produce the anticipated rate of return we expect, or at all, which, in turn, could adversely
affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. The Chinese government could, from time to time, also change its policies toward international travel by its citizens, which could reduce demand for China Outbound or create a
shortage of qualified crew members for China Outbound. Geopolitical developments in the Asia-Pacific region, including any outbreak or escalation of armed conflict in the region, could also result in reduced international travel by Chinese citizens. We are also required to obtain applicable permits and approvals from different regulatory authorities in China to operate
China Outbound. If we are unable to obtain or maintain access to any of the required permits, licenses or approvals, we may be subject to various penalties, such as fines or suspension of operations in these regulated businesses, which could
severely disrupt China Outbound. As a result, our business, financial condition and results of operations may be adversely affected. 37 Table of Contents In addition, in 2020, we entered into the China JV Investment with a
subsidiary of China Merchants Group to build a cruise line servicing the Mandarin-speaking populations in China. There can be no assurance that this new cruise line will develop as anticipated or that the China JV Investment will be successful. If
the China JV Investment is not successful, we may be unable to recover our investment, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. Geopolitical developments in the Asia-Pacific region could also impact
the success of the China JV Investment. Further, operating in China also exposes us to political, legal and economic
risks. In particular, the political, legal and economic climate in China, both nationally and regionally, is fluid. Our ability to operate in China may be adversely affected by changes in U.S. and Chinese laws and regulations, such as those related
to, among other things, taxation, import and export tariffs, trade, financial and economic sanctions, intellectual property, data privacy, cybersecurity, currency controls, network security, employee benefits, environmental regulations, land use
rights and other matters. In addition, Chinese trade regulations are in a state of flux, and our operating activities in China may become subject to other forms of taxation, tariffs and duties in China. If any of these events occur, our expansion
into the China market could be adversely affected, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. Our entry into the China JV Investment exposes us to certain risks associated with jointly owned investments. As part of our entry into the China market, we entered into the China JV Investment with a subsidiary of China
Merchants Group, to together build a cruise line servicing the Mandarin-speaking populations in China. We have a 10% interest in CMV, the entity that contracts with passengers and owns and operates the China JV Investment’s first ship, and a
50% interest in SCM, the entity that provides services for business planning, management consulting, sales, product development and hotel operations to CMV. These types of investments involve risks not otherwise present in operations run solely by
us, including: (1) we do not have full decision-making authority over CMV or SCM; (2) where we do not have full decision-making authority, we may experience impasses or disputes with the other owner on certain decisions, which could
require us to expend additional resources to resolve such impasses or disputes, including litigation or arbitration; (3) the other investee in these entities may fail to fund their share of required capital contributions or fail to fulfill
their other obligations; (4) the arrangements governing these entities and the China JV Investment may contain certain conditions or milestone events that may never be satisfied or achieved; (5) the other investee in these entities may
have business or economic interests that are inconsistent with ours and may take actions contrary to our interests; (6) we may suffer losses as a result of actions taken by the other investee in these entities; and (7) it may be difficult
for us to exit these investments if an impasse arises or if we desire to sell our interest for any reason. In addition, we may, in certain circumstances, be liable for the actions of these entities or the other investee in these entities. Any of the
foregoing risks could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Our expansion
into the Mississippi River cruise market requires us to comply with various U.S. laws, including the U.S. Passenger Vessel Services Act (the “PVSA”), and we can give no assurance that our potential expansion into this river cruise market
will be successful. In connection with our expansion into the Mississippi River cruise market, we have to comply
with various U.S. laws, including the PVSA. The PVSA is similar to Section 27 of the Merchant Marine Act of 1920 (the “Jones Act”), which governs cargo vessels, and restricts domestic marine transportation of passengers in the United
States to vessels built and documented in the United States, manned by U.S. citizens and owned by U.S. citizens. There have also been attempts to amend the PVSA and other U.S. regulations, and such attempts are expected to continue in the future.
Significant amendments to the PVSA or other U.S. regulations could impact our expansion into the Mississippi River cruise market. In addition, we can give no assurance that our expansion into the Mississippi River cruise market will continue to
comply with these various laws. We have a time charter with an affiliate of Edison Chouest Offshore (the
“Mississippi Ship Owner”) to charter a U.S. flagged river cruise ship for operation on the Mississippi River, which we took delivery of in 2022. 38 Table of Contents Although the Mississippi Ship Owner has represented to us that it complies with the U.S. ownership requirements of the PVSA and has obtained from the U.S. Department of Transportation Maritime
Administration (“MARAD”) written confirmation that our time charter structure meets MARAD’s requirements to be classified as a permissible time charter, we cannot ensure that the Mississippi Ship Owner will continue to meet the
definition of a U.S. owner or that our time charter structure will continue to comply with the PVSA. Our time charter structure may also be reviewed or challenged from time to time by U.S. regulators or our competitors. For example, on
January 1, 2021, Congress adopted Section 3502(b) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2021, which requires MARAD to make publicly available a detailed summary of requests for MARAD confirmation that a vessel charter
for a passenger vessel qualifies as a time charter encompassed by the general foreign transfer approval pursuant to 46 C.F.R. 221.13(a). These provisions do not amend or change any of the legal requirements relating to the time charter
structure approved by MARAD, but do require publication of detailed summaries of any requests that are made (including the request from the Mississippi Ship Owner) and public comments to such requests are permitted by MARAD. In addition, in May
2022, one of our competitors brought an action in the United States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit against MARAD, challenging MARAD’s decision concluding that the arrangement is a permissible time charter. In March 2024, the Second
Circuit upheld MARAD’s decision. In addition, if the Mississippi Ship Owner defaults under its ship financing
arrangements, its lenders would have the right to foreclose on the ship, which could cause the ship chartered by us for operation on the Mississippi River to no longer be owned by a U.S. owner. If the ship chartered by us for operation on the
Mississippi River is no longer owned by a U.S. owner for any reason, including as a result of a foreclosure, we may not be able to operate our Mississippi River itineraries or recover our investment, which could result in a substantial loss of
revenue, which, in turn, could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. In addition,
while there are similarities between our existing river cruise business and the Mississippi River cruise market, this is our first entry into the U.S. river cruise market and we can give no assurance that we will be able to successfully implement
our business model and strategy. We may not be able to attract a sufficiently large number of guests for the ships that we plan to time charter in order to recover our investment, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and
results of operations. Our business is seasonal, and we may not be able to generate revenue that is sufficient to cover our
expenses during certain periods of the year. The demand for our cruises is seasonal, with the greatest demand for
cruises generally occurring during the Northern Hemisphere’s summer months. This seasonality in demand has resulted in fluctuations in our revenue and results of operations. The seasonality of our results is increased due to most river vessels
being taken out of service generally from November to March. Accordingly, seasonality in our operations could adversely affect our ability to generate sufficient revenue to cover the expenses we incur during certain periods of the year. We have experienced significant growth. If we fail to effectively manage our growth, our business, financial condition and results of
operations may suffer. We have experienced significant growth, which has placed, and will continue to place,
significant demands on our management, employees and our operational, financial and technology infrastructure (including internal controls). Our growth strategy has required, and will continue to require, us to commit substantial operational,
financial and technical resources to develop and improve our reporting systems and procedures, information technology systems and networks and other internal controls in the United States, Europe and elsewhere. Continued growth will require us to
recruit, train and retain additional highly skilled personnel. If we fail to effectively enhance our internal controls and manage our growth, our business, results of operations and financial condition may suffer. 39 Table of Contents We may not be fully insured against all risks, and we may not be able to obtain
insurance for certain risks at reasonable rates. We seek to maintain comprehensive insurance coverage at
commercially reasonable rates, subject to market availability at any time. The limits of insurance coverage we purchase are based on the availability of the coverage, evaluation of our risk profile and cost of coverage. We do not carry business
interruption insurance and accordingly we have no insurance coverage for loss of revenues or earnings from our ships or other operations. Accordingly, we are not protected against all risks and cannot be certain that our coverage will be adequate
for liabilities actually incurred, which could result in an unexpected decrease in our revenue and results of operations in the event of an incident. In addition, we have been and may continue to be subject to calls, or premiums, in amounts based not only on our own claim
records, but also the claim records of all other members of the protection and indemnity associations through which we maintain protection and indemnity insurance coverage. Our payment of these calls could result in significant expenses to us, which
could reduce our cash flows. If we were to sustain significant losses in the future, our ability to obtain insurance coverage or coverage at commercially reasonable rates could be adversely affected. Conducting business internationally may result in increased costs and risks. We operate our business internationally and plan to continue to develop our international presence. Operating internationally
exposes us to a number of risks, including hostility from local populations, restrictions and taxes on the withdrawal of foreign investment and earnings, government policies against the cruise business, infringement of third-party intellectual
property rights, difficulties in enforcing our intellectual property against infringers, stringent data privacy regulations, costly cybersecurity requirements, investment restrictions or requirements, diminished ability to legally enforce our
contractual rights in foreign countries, foreign exchange restrictions and fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates, difficulty obtaining or renewing foreign permits, approvals or licenses necessary to operate in foreign countries, trade
barriers, withholding and other taxes on remittances and other payments by subsidiaries, and changes in, and application of, foreign taxation structures, including value added and excise taxes. If we are unable to address these risks adequately, our
business, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected. Risks Related to Our Dependence on Third Parties If we experience delays in ship construction or ship repairs, maintenance or refurbishments or changes in costs, our business,
financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected. Our fleet may require repairs,
maintenance or refurbishments. We also continue to expand our fleet and are dependent on shipyards to build our new ships. Constructing, refurbishing, maintaining and repairing ships are complex processes that involve numerous risks, such as delays
in completion and changes in costs. In addition, if the shipyards or subcontractors who construct, repair, maintain or refurbish our ships experience work stoppages, financial instability, insolvencies or other difficulties that are beyond our
control and the control of the shipyards or their subcontractors, the delivery of our ships under construction or the repair, maintenance or refurbishment of our existing ships may be impaired or delayed. Although our contracts for new ships include
penalties for delays in delivery by the shipyards, these penalties will not fully cover the losses and negative effects we will suffer from such delays. As a result, any failure to construct, repair, maintain or refurbish our ships on time, or at
all, could require us to cancel planned departures and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. In addition, the consolidation of control of certain shipyards and increased demand for new ships, could result in
less shipyard availability, thus reducing competition and increasing prices. Finally, the lack of qualified shipyard repair facilities could result in the inability to repair and maintain our ships on a timely basis. These potential events and the
associated losses, to the extent that they are not adequately covered by contractual remedies or insurance, could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 40 Table of Contents Lack of continuing availability of attractive, convenient and safe port destinations
could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. We believe that attractive,
convenient and safe port destinations, including ports that are not overly congested with tourists, are major reasons why our guests choose our cruise options versus an alternative vacation option. The continuing availability of these types of
ports, including the port facilities where our guests embark and disembark, is affected by a number of factors including, but not limited to, existing capacity constraints (particularly during the Caribbean winter months and Mediterranean summer
months), security, safety, illness and environmental concerns, adverse weather conditions and other natural disasters, financial limitations on port development, political instability, exclusivity arrangements that ports may have with our
competitors, local governmental regulations and fees and local community concerns about both port development and other adverse impacts on their communities from additional tourists. The inability to continue to utilize, maintain, rebuild, if
necessary, or increase the number of ports that our ships call on could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. We rely on travel agencies to generate a material portion of our sales. We rely on travel agencies to generate a material portion of our sales. We have preferred relationships with large travel agent
consortia and these relationships are important to our business. However, these relationships are at will and no assurances can be made that we will be able to maintain these relationships. The loss of any one of these preferred relationships could
disrupt our travel agent distribution system and have an adverse impact on our business. In addition, a significant number of our guests book their cruises through independent travel agents. We believe we offer competitive commissions and other
incentives for selling our cruises. However, there can be no guarantee that our competitors will not offer higher commissions and incentives in the future, which could lead independent travel agents to more heavily promote our competitors’
products, thereby lowering our revenue potential and profitability, or causing us to increase our commissions and other incentives in the future, in turn increasing our costs and lowering profitability. In addition, a reduction in the number of
travel agencies or independent travel agents promoting and booking our cruises could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. Reductions in the availability of and increases in the prices for the services and products provided by our vendors could adversely
affect our business and revenues. In addition, our vendors may act in ways that could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. While we manage most of our operations in house in an effort to provide consistent quality to our guests and to control our
costs, we also rely on third-party vendors to provide certain services that are integral to the operation of our business. For example, we rely on third-party vendors to provide nautical services and certain onboard services for our ocean and
expedition cruises. We also rely on third-party vendors to own and operate our chartered vessels, including the Viking Mississippi and the Viking Saigon . If these service providers or any of our other service providers suffer financial
hardship or are otherwise unable to continue providing such services, we cannot guarantee that we will be able to replace such service providers in a timely manner, which may cause an interruption in our operations. To the extent that we are able to
replace such service providers, we may be forced to pay an increased cost for equivalent services. Both the interruption of operations and the replacement of third-party service providers at an increased cost could adversely affect our financial
condition and results of operations. When we rely on third-party vendors to provide services that are integral to the operation of our business, we are also subject to the risk that certain decisions or actions by third-party vendors could adversely
affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. A failure to adequately monitor a third-party vendor’s compliance with our service, regulatory and legal requirements could result in significant economic harm to us. Factors outside of our control, including global inflation, labor shortages, the outbreak and escalation of armed conflict
(e.g., the Russia-Ukraine and Israel-Hamas conflicts) and economic and trade sanctions, may also 41 Table of Contents affect the financial viability of other key vendors in our supply chain, including hotel, restaurant and shore excursion suppliers, cause an increase in the cost of the services and products
provided by our vendors or create supply chain issues that impact our ability to provide our guests with food, linens or toiletries. Any interruption in the services or goods we purchase from our vendors, or an increase in the cost of the services
and products provided by our vendors, may adversely affect demand for our cruises, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. We rely on scheduled commercial airline services to transport our guests to or from the cities where our cruises embark and disembark. Our guests depend on scheduled commercial airline services to transport them to or from the cities where our
cruises embark and disembark. In addition, some of our cruise destinations, such as Antarctica, are served by only a few airlines, which means that availability can be limited and the lack of competition impedes discounted pricing. Changes or
disruptions in airline services as a result of strikes, financial instability or viability, technology infrastructure issues, adverse weather conditions, natural disasters, illness, government travel restrictions or other events or the lack of
availability due to schedule changes or other reasons could adversely affect our ability to transport guests to or from our ships and thereby increase our cruise operating expenses or result in loss of revenue, which would, in turn, have an adverse
effect on our financial condition and results of operations. In addition, increases in the prices of airfares due to increases in fuel prices, fuel surcharges or a high level of airline bookings may impact our costs and profitability or increase the
overall vacation price to our guests and may adversely affect demand for our cruises, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. Credit card processing terms and requirements, adverse changes in guest payment policies, and consumer protection legislation or
regulations could negatively affect our financial condition. We generate significant cash flows through sales of
future cruises, which we use to fund our working capital requirements, and we rely on multiple credit card processors for collection of guests’ funds for such future cruise purchases. Credit card processors have financial risk associated with
tickets purchased for travel, which can occur several months after the purchase. Such financial institutions may withhold a portion of payments related to receivables to be collected or may require that we maintain a cash or other collateral reserve
equal to a portion of the advance bookings that have been processed by that financial institution if we do not maintain certain minimum liquidity levels or if they determine our credit risk has increased. In times of financial instability or
distress, such as in 2008 and during the COVID-19 pandemic, our credit card processors have increased the required amount of withholdings or reserves. Risks Related to Our Intellectual Property and Information Technology The Viking name and brand are integral to the success of our business. The Viking name and brand are integral to the success of our business and to the implementation of our strategies for expanding
our business. We believe that the brand we have developed has significantly contributed to the success of our business and is critical to maintaining and expanding our guest base. Maintaining and enhancing our brand may require us to make
substantial investments in our fleet, new luxury offerings, marketing and operations, and these investments may not be successful. Additionally, our brand may also be adversely affected if our public image is tarnished by negative publicity, which
could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. We rely on intellectual property protections
that can be challenged and revoked or invalidated by third parties. We rely on common law rights and registered
trademarks to protect our brand in a number of jurisdictions. Such trademark rights are vulnerable to challenge by third parties and we have in the past been, and are currently, 42 Table of Contents involved in trademark oppositions with various third parties. Certain of these matters have resulted in co-existence agreements whereby we have agreed that
our trademarks and the trademarks of relevant third parties are able to co-exist on certain terms. We do not believe that the terms of these existing co-existence arrangements materially restrict or will restrict the operation of our business, but future co-existence arrangements could impose such restrictions. We have also not been able to secure trademark
registrations for certain of our key brands in certain categories of goods or services in certain jurisdictions where we use those brands due to prior rights and we may be similarly restricted from protecting our brands in the future. To the extent
that we operate now or in the future in jurisdictions in which we have not secured registered trademark rights, we operate at the risk of infringing the rights of third parties and of not being able to prevent third parties from using our brands. We also have registered Community designs (and equivalents in the United Kingdom) covering the European Union and the
United Kingdom in respect of aspects of our efficient ship designs and registered copyrights in the United States for certain marketing materials, videos and other publications. Registered intellectual property rights are inherently vulnerable to
revocation and invalidity actions and while we have no reason to believe that our current designs would not withstand any such challenges, we cannot guarantee that any such actions will not succeed. In addition, registered Community design rights in
the European Union (and equivalents in the United Kingdom) are not substantively assessed at the point of application (unlike other registered intellectual property rights). Instead, they proceed to registration and their validity can then be
challenged by third parties. As such, the protection conferred by registered Community design rights (and equivalents in the United Kingdom) is generally considered to be more vulnerable than that of other registered rights. Trademarks and registered Community design rights are territorial in nature and only provide protection in the territory in
which they are registered and, for trademarks, are further limited to the scope of goods and services that the registrations cover. They also will only continue to be valid if we continue to pay the applicable registration maintenance fees and, in
some jurisdictions, can demonstrate adequate use. Valid registered trademarks can last indefinitely if renewed as required. Registered Community design rights in the European Union (and equivalents in the United Kingdom) are valid for a maximum of
25 years where they are renewed every five years. Finally, we own a number of registered domain names that are material
to our business. These expire and we rely on our renewing these registrations in a timely manner in order to maintain the right to use the domain names. We may not be able to, or it may not be cost effective to, acquire or maintain all domain names
that utilize the name “Viking” or other business brands in all of the countries in which we currently conduct or intend to conduct business. If we lose the ability to use a domain name, a third party could take over the registration, and
we may incur significant additional expenses to market our products within that country, including the development of new branding. Any failure to protect our intellectual property rights could impair our brands, negatively impact our business or both. Our success and ability to compete depend in part on protecting our brands and other intellectual property, including our
ability to register and freely use our trademarks in order to capitalize on name-recognition and increase awareness of our brands. We rely on a combination of trademark, patent, copyright, trade secrets and other rights, as well as confidentiality
procedures and contractual provisions to protect our intellectual property and proprietary technology. The steps we take to protect our intellectual property rights, however, may not be adequate. For example, not all of the trademarks that are used
in our business have been registered in all countries in which we do business or may do business in the future, and some of the trademarks may never be registered in all of these countries. We could also lose our current rights to invalidity or
revocation actions in the future. Our current applications to register intellectual property are in some cases the subject of oppositions from third parties and we have also in the past, and are currently, involved in communications with
intellectual property registries regarding the registrability of certain of our intellectual property in certain jurisdictions. 43 Table of Contents Rights in trademarks are generally national in character, and are obtained on a country-by-country basis by the
first person to obtain protection through use or registration in that country in connection with specified products and services. Some countries’ laws do not protect unregistered trademarks at all, or make them more difficult to enforce, and
third parties may have filed for trademarks that are the same or similar to our brands in countries where we have not registered our brands as trademarks. Although we have been using these brands for some time, there is a risk that third parties
could bring infringement or other actions against us for the use of these brands if they have prior rights in such marks. In jurisdictions where we are unable to secure trademarks to protect our brands, we may be limited in our ability to prevent
third parties from using our brands for identical or similar goods and services. Accordingly, we may not be able to adequately protect or freely use our brands everywhere we do business and use of our brands may result in liability for trademark
infringement, trademark dilution or unfair competition. In addition, the laws of some foreign countries do not protect intellectual property to the same extent as the laws of the United States, and there is no certainty that all of our trademark,
patent or copyright applications will proceed to registration or grant, and existing or future registrations may not provide sufficient protection or competitive advantages for our products and services. In the event that we are not able to obtain
grants or registrations in respect of such intellectual property applications, we may not be able to obtain statutory protections available under the relevant intellectual property laws, which could limit our ability to protect our intellectual
property and impede our marketing efforts. In addition, we cannot be certain that our products and technology do not and will not infringe the intellectual property rights of others, and third parties may seek to challenge, invalidate or circumvent
our trademark, patent, copyright, trade secrets and other rights or applications for any of the foregoing. Furthermore, it is difficult for us to monitor unauthorized uses of our intellectual property, and if we become aware of a third party’s
unauthorized use or misappropriation of our intellectual property, it may not be practicable, effective or cost-efficient for us to enforce our intellectual property and contractual rights fully. In order to protect or enforce our intellectual
property rights, we may be required to spend significant resources. Regardless of the merits of any such claim as a plaintiff or defendant, litigation could be costly, time-consuming, distracting and we may not prevail, which could result in the
impairment or loss of intellectual property rights. To the extent claims against us are successful, we may have to pay substantial monetary damages (including treble damages), or discontinue or modify certain products or services that are found to
be in violation of another party’s rights. We may have to seek a license to continue offering our products or technology, which may not be available on reasonable terms, or at all. Our failure to secure, protect and enforce our intellectual
property rights could adversely affect our business. From time to time, we allow our registered trademarks to lapse as we consider them no longer to be of commercial value. Breaches in data security or other disturbances to our information technology systems and networks and operations could adversely affect
our business, financial condition and results of operations. We rely on software (including third-party software)
and other information technology systems and networks to run our business, including, among other things, managing our guest database and our inventory of staterooms held for sale and setting pricing in order to maximize our yields. We also rely on
our information technology systems and networks for our onboard and onshore operations, as well as our accounting systems. We own and manage some of these systems but also rely on third parties for a range of systems and related products and
services, including but not limited to, cloud computing services. As a result, our ability to operate our business efficiently and effectively depends in part on the reliability of our information technology systems and networks, as well as
third-party technologies, systems and service providers. We face evolving cybersecurity risks that threaten the confidentiality, integrity and availability of these systems and our confidential information, including from diverse threat actors, such
as state-sponsored organizations, opportunistic hackers and hacktivists, as well as through diverse attack vectors, such as social engineering/phishing, malware (including ransomware), malfeasance by insiders, human or technological error, and as a
result of bugs, misconfigurations or exploited vulnerabilities in software or hardware. There is no certainty of uninterrupted availability of these systems and disruptions for any reason, including as a result of natural disasters or similar
events, information systems failures, computer viruses or other cyber-attacks, or other unauthorized access thereto or improper use thereof, could impair our operations and have an adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of
operations. 44 Table of Contents Due to concerns about data security and integrity, a growing number of
legislative and regulatory bodies have adopted breach notification and other requirements in the event that information subject to such laws is accessed by unauthorized persons and additional regulations regarding security of such data are possible.
We may need to notify governmental authorities and affected individuals with respect to such incidents. For example, laws in the European Union, the United Kingdom and the United States may require businesses to provide notice to individuals whose
personal data has been disclosed as a result of a data security breach. Complying with such numerous and complex regulations in the event of a data security breach would be expensive and difficult, and failure to comply with these regulations could
subject us to regulatory scrutiny and additional liability. We may also be contractually required to notify counterparties of a security incident, including a data security breach. Regardless of our contractual protections, any actual or perceived
data security breach, or breach of our contractual obligations, could harm our reputation and brand, expose us to potential liability or require us to expend significant resources on data security and in responding to any such actual or perceived
breach. If our security systems were breached, credit card and other sensitive data could also be at risk. For example,
we and certain of our third-party service providers collect, process, transmit and store a large volume of personal data, including email addresses and home addresses and financial data such as credit card information. The security of the systems
and network where we and our service providers store this data is a critical element of our business, and these systems and our network may be vulnerable to computer viruses, cyber-attacks, hackers and other security issues. As cybersecurity threats
rapidly evolve in sophistication and become more prevalent globally, particularly due to the swift growth and increased use of AI systems, the associated risks described above may increase. Given that the techniques used in cyber-attacks change
frequently and may be difficult to detect for periods of time, we (and our service providers) may face difficulties in anticipating and implementing adequate preventative measures or mitigating harms after such an attack. We cannot assure you that the precautions we have taken to avoid an unauthorized incursion of our information systems are
either adequate or implemented properly to prevent, immediately detect or promptly address a data breach. Because we rely on third-party suppliers and service providers, such as cloud services that support our internal and customer-facing
operations, successful cyberattacks that disrupt or result in unauthorized access to third-party information systems can materially impact our operations and financial results. Any compromise of our information systems resulting in the loss,
disclosure, misappropriation of or access to the personal data of our guests, prospective guests or employees could result in governmental investigations, civil liability, regulatory penalties under laws protecting the privacy of personal data,
legal claims or proceedings (such as class actions), business interruption, damages to intangible property or loss of consumer confidence, any of which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. Additionally,
any material failure by us or our service providers to maintain compliance with the Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard and other security requirements or to rectify a data security issue may result in fines and restrictions on our ability
to accept credit cards as a form of payment. We cannot guarantee that any costs and liabilities incurred in relation to an attack or incident will be covered by our existing insurance policies or that applicable insurance will be available to us in
the future on economically reasonable terms or at all. We collect, process, store, use and share data, some of which contains
personal data, which subjects us to complex and evolving governmental regulation and other legal obligations related to data privacy, data protection and information security, which are subject to change and uncertain interpretation. We collect, maintain, transmit and store data about our customers, partners, consultants, personnel and other individuals,
which includes payment card information and personal data, as well as confidential information. We depend on a number of third-party vendors in relation to the operation of our business, a number of which process data, including personal data, on
our behalf. We and our vendors are subject to a variety of local and international data privacy laws, rules, regulations, industry standards and other requirements, including those that apply generally to the handling of personal data, and those
that are specific to certain industries, sectors, contexts, or locations. These requirements, and their application, interpretation and amendment are constantly evolving and developing. 45 Table of Contents For example, in Europe, we are subject to the General Data Protection
Regulation (EU) 2016/679 (“EU GDPR”) and the United Kingdom data protection regime consisting of the UK General Data Protection Regulation and the United Kingdom’s Data Protection Act 2018 (the “UK GDPR” and, together with
the EU GDPR, the “GDPR”). The UK data protection regime may diverge from the EU data protection regime over time. The EU GDPR and UK GDPR govern our collection, control, processing, sharing, disclosure and other use of personal data and
imposes strict data protection compliance obligations including: providing detailed disclosures about how personal data is collected and processed; demonstrating that an appropriate legal basis is in place or otherwise exists to justify data
processing activities; granting rights for data subjects in regard to their personal data; introducing the obligation to notify data protection regulators (and in certain cases, affected individuals) of certain personal data breaches (including
those suffered by our service providers); imposing limitations on retention of personal data; maintaining certain required documentation; restrictions on international data transfers (which have heightened in the light of recent case law and
regulatory guidance); requirements in relation to contracting; and complying with the principal of accountability and the obligation to demonstrate compliance through policies, procedures, training and audit. Failure to comply with the GDPR could result in penalties for noncompliance. Fines of up to €20 million or 4% of
total annual global turnover (whichever is greater) could be imposed for violation of the EU GDPR and fines of up to £17.5 million or 4% of total annual global turnover (whichever is greater) could be imposed for violation of the UK GDPR.
Since we are subject to the supervision of local data protection authorities under both the EU GDPR and UK GDPR, fines could arise independently under each in respect of a single incident. In addition, violations of the GDPR could result in
regulatory investigations, reputational damage, orders to cease or change our processing activities, enforcement notices or assessment notices (for compulsory audit). We may also face civil claims, including representative actions and other class
action type litigation (where individuals have suffered harm), potentially amounting to significant compensation or damages liabilities as well as associated costs, diversion of internal resources and reputational harm. The cross-border data transfer landscape globally (including in the European Economic Area, United Kingdom and United States)
is continually evolving, and certain jurisdictions have enacted or are considering enacting cross-border data transfer restrictions and laws requiring data localization, which may affect our ability to process or transfer personal data to other
countries. The EU GDPR and UK GDPR regulate cross-border transfers of personal data out of the European Economic Area and the United Kingdom. Case law from the Court of Justice of the European Union (“CJEU”) states that reliance on the
standard contractual clauses (a standard form of contract approved by the European Commission as an adequate personal data transfer mechanism) alone may not necessarily be sufficient in all circumstances and that transfers must be assessed on a case-by-case basis. We currently rely on the EU standard contractual clauses and the UK Addendum to the EU standard contractual clauses as relevant to transfer
personal data outside the European Economic Area and the United Kingdom with respect to both intragroup and third-party transfers. We expect the existing legal complexity and uncertainty regarding international personal data transfers to continue.
Any failure to comply with these complex regulatory requirements may adversely impact our operations. As the regulatory guidance and enforcement landscape in relation to data transfers continue to develop, we could suffer additional costs,
complaints or regulatory investigations or fines; we may have to stop using certain tools and vendors and make other operational changes; or it could otherwise affect the manner in which we provide our services, any of which could adversely affect
our business, operations and financial condition. Inability to import personal data to the United States may significantly and negatively impact our business. In the United States, the Federal Trade Commission and state regulators enforce a variety of data privacy-related obligations,
such as promises made in privacy policies or failures to appropriately protect information about individuals, as unfair or deceptive acts or practices in or affecting commerce in violation of the Federal Trade Commission Act or similar state laws.
In addition, certain states have adopted new or modified privacy and security laws and regulations that may apply to our business. For example, in 2018, California enacted the California Consumer Privacy Act, which came into effect in January 2020,
and was subsequently amended by the California Privacy Rights Act effective January 1, 2023 (the “CCPA”). The CCPA imposes obligations on certain 46 Table of Contents businesses that process personal information of California residents. Among other things, the CCPA: requires disclosures to such residents about the data collection, use and disclosure practices
of covered businesses; provides such individuals expanded rights to access, delete, and correct their personal information, and opt-out of certain sales or transfers of personal information; and provides such
individuals with a private right of action and statutory damages for certain data breaches. The enactment of the CCPA has prompted other states to promulgate or review the need for their own comprehensive consumer privacy laws, which similarly give
residents rights with respect to their personal data and provide for civil penalties for violations. Additionally, U.S. federal regulators have increasingly sought to protect personal data. For example, in July 2023 the Securities and Exchange
Commission adopted rules to enhance and standardize disclosures regarding cybersecurity risk management, strategy, governance and incidents by certain businesses. Separately, we send marketing messages via email and are subject to the federal CAN-SPAM Act, which imposes certain obligations regarding the content of emails and providing opt-outs (with the corresponding requirement to honor such opt-outs promptly). While we strive to ensure that all our marketing communications comply with the requirements set forth in the CAN-SPAM Act, any violations could result in
the Federal Trade Commission seeking civil penalties against us. Additionally, we expect that there will continue to be new proposed laws, regulations, and industry standards concerning data privacy, data protection, and information security in the
United States and other jurisdictions at all levels of legislature, governance, and applicability. We cannot yet fully determine the impact that these or future laws, rules and regulations may have on our business or operations. We are also subject to evolving European Union and United Kingdom laws on cookies and electronic-marketing. In the European
Union and in the United Kingdom, under national laws derived from the ePrivacy Directive, informed consent is required for the placement of a cookie or similar technologies on a customer’s device and for direct electronic marketing. The GDPR
also imposes conditions on obtaining valid consent for cookies, such as a prohibition on pre-checked consents and a requirement to ensure separate consents are sought for each type of cookie or similar
technology. Recent European court decisions and regulators’ recent guidance are driving increased attention to cookies and tracking technologies and the online behavioral advertising ecosystem. This could lead to substantial costs, require
significant systems changes, limit the effectiveness of our marketing activities, divert the attention of our technology personnel, adversely affect our margins, increase costs and subject us to additional liabilities. In addition, regulation of
cookies and similar technologies, and any decline of cookies or similar online tracking technologies as a means to identify and potentially target customers, may lead to broader restrictions and impairments on our marketing and personalization
activities and may negatively impact our efforts to understand customers. In light of the complex and evolving nature of European Union, European Union Member State and United Kingdom privacy laws on cookies and tracking technologies, there can be
no assurances that we will be successful in our efforts to comply with such laws; violations of such laws could result in regulatory investigations, fines, orders to cease/ change our use of such technologies, as well as civil claims including class
actions, and reputational damage. The adoption of further data privacy and security laws may increase the cost and
complexity of implementing any new offerings in other jurisdictions. Any failure, or perceived failure, by us to comply with our posted privacy policies or data privacy or consumer protection-related laws, regulations, industry self-regulatory
principles, industry standards or codes of conduct, regulatory guidance, orders to which we may be subject or other legal or contractual obligations relating to data privacy or consumer protection could adversely affect our reputation, brands and
business, and may result in regulatory investigations, administrative fines, claims, proceedings or actions against us by governmental entities, customers, suppliers or others, class actions, or other liabilities or may require us to change our
operations or cease using certain data sets. Any such claims, proceedings or actions could hurt our reputation, brands and business, force us to incur significant expenses in defense of such proceedings or actions, distract our management, increase
our costs of doing business, result in a loss of customers and third-party partners and result in the imposition of significant damages, liabilities or monetary penalties. 47 Table of Contents A failure to keep pace with developments in technology could impair our operations or
competitive position. Our business continues to demand the use of sophisticated systems and technology. These
systems and technologies must be refined, updated and replaced with more advanced systems on a regular basis in order for us to meet our guests’ demands and expectations. In addition, the rise of remote working places additional demands on our
systems and technologies. If we are unable to maintain, refine, update or replace our systems and technologies on a timely basis or within reasonable cost parameters, or if we are unable to appropriately and timely train our employees to operate any
of these new systems, our business could suffer. We also may not achieve the benefits that we anticipate from any new system or technology, such as fuel abatement technologies, and a failure to do so could result in higher than anticipated costs or
could impair our operating results. Risks Related to Our Indebtedness We are highly leveraged. We have substantial indebtedness and we may not be able to generate sufficient cash to service all of our
indebtedness or to obtain additional financing if necessary. As of December 31, 2023, we had $5,426.6 million
of Total Debt. Our high level of indebtedness will restrict our operations. Among other things, our indebtedness will: • | limit our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in the markets in which we compete; • | place us at a competitive disadvantage relative to our competitors with less indebtedness; • | render us more vulnerable to general adverse economic, regulatory and industry conditions; • | require us to dedicate a substantial portion of our cash flow to service our debt; • | limit our ability to obtain additional financing for working capital, capital expenditures, acquisitions, general corporate purposes or other purposes; • | expose us to the risk of increased rates as, over the term of our debt, the interest cost on a significant portion of our indebtedness is subject to changes in interest rates; and • | limit our ability to secure adequate bank financing in the future with reasonable terms and conditions. Our ability to make scheduled payments on or to refinance our debt obligations depends on our future
performance and our ability to generate cash from our operations, which is subject to, among other things, the success of our business strategy, customer demand, increased competition, overcapacity, prevailing economic conditions and financial,
competitive, legislative, legal, regulatory and other factors, including those other factors discussed in these “Risk Factors,” many of which are beyond our control. We cannot assure you that we will be able to generate a level of cash
flow from operations sufficient to permit us to pay the principal, premium, if any, and cash interest on our indebtedness or that future borrowings will be available to us in an amount sufficient and on satisfactory terms to enable us to service and
repay our indebtedness. In addition, some of our existing debt agreements include a material adverse change clause, which
permits the lenders to subjectively determine when a material adverse change in our business or financial condition occurs. If these lenders were to determine that there had been a material adverse change in our business or financial condition or
our ability to perform our obligations under these debt agreements, it may result in an event of default under these debt agreements. Certain of the agreements governing our indebtedness contain, and future debt agreements are expected to contain,
cross-default provisions, meaning that if we are in default under certain of our current or future debt obligations, amounts outstanding under our current or other future debt agreements may also be in default, accelerated and become due and
payable. In addition, we have pledged a significant portion of our assets as collateral under our existing debt agreements. Some of our existing debt agreements also include loan-to-value requirements, which may require us to pledge additional collateral or make additional principal payments in the event that our assets become less valuable.
If any of the holders of our indebtedness accelerate the repayment of our indebtedness, there can be no assurance that we will have sufficient assets to repay our indebtedness. 48 Table of Contents We require a significant amount of cash to service our debt and sustain our
operations. Our ability to meet our debt service obligations or refinance our debt depends on our future operating
and financial performance and ability to generate cash. This will be affected by our ability to successfully implement our business strategy, as well as general economic, financial, competitive, regulatory and other factors beyond our control. If we
cannot generate sufficient cash to meet our debt service obligations or fund our other business needs, we may, among other things, need to refinance all or a portion of our debt, obtain additional financing, delay planned capital expenditures or
sell assets. For example, we require significant cash to purchase additional ships. Our debt service obligations also increased as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic, including due to debt raised during the
cessation of our operations and payment deferrals under some of our existing financings. We cannot assure you that we will be able to generate sufficient cash through any of the foregoing. If we are not able to refinance any of our debt, obtain
additional financing or sell assets on commercially reasonable terms or at all, we may not be able to satisfy our obligations with respect to our debt and sustain our operations. Despite current indebtedness levels and restrictive covenants, we may incur additional indebtedness. This could further exacerbate the
risks associated with our substantial financial leverage. Despite current indebtedness levels and restrictive
covenants, we expect to incur additional indebtedness in connection with the expansion of our fleet and may incur other indebtedness to finance our operations and other capital needs. Although the agreements governing our indebtedness contain
restrictions on the incurrence of additional indebtedness, these restrictions are subject to a number of thresholds, qualifications and exceptions, and the additional indebtedness incurred in compliance with these restrictions could be substantial.
Additionally, these restrictions may not prevent us from incurring obligations that are preferential to our ordinary shares, such as preferred shares. If additional debt is incurred, the related risks that we now face as a result of our leverage
would intensify. Our indebtedness, and the agreements governing our indebtedness, may limit our flexibility in operating our
business. The agreements governing our indebtedness contain, and any instruments governing future indebtedness of
ours may contain, covenants and event of default clauses, including cross-default provisions, that impose significant operating and financial restrictions on us, including restrictions or prohibitions on our ability to, among other things: • | incur or guarantee additional debt or create certain liens; • | pay dividends or make other restricted payments; • | make certain investments or repurchase or redeem share capital or subordinated debt; • | consummate certain asset sales; • | enter into certain transactions with affiliates; • | enter into arrangements that restrict dividends; and • | consolidate or merge with any person or transfer or sell all or substantially all of our assets. We cannot assure you that any of these limitations will not hinder our ability to finance operations
and capital needs and our ability to pursue business opportunities and activities that may be in our interest. In particular, restrictions on our ability to incur additional debt may limit our ability to grow our fleet if we are unable to incur debt
financing for additional ships. In addition, our ability to comply with these covenants and restrictions may be affected by events beyond our control. Our variable rate indebtedness subjects us to interest rate risk, which could cause our debt service obligations to increase
significantly. As of December 31, 2023, 10.6% of the principal outstanding on our Total Debt had variable interest
rates. Market interest rates have increased over the past several years and may continue to increase as a result of action 49 Table of Contents by the U.S. Federal Reserve and other factors, and as a result, variable-rate debt will create higher debt service requirements, which would adversely affect our cash flow. If interest rates
increase, our debt service obligations on this variable rate indebtedness would increase even though the amount borrowed remained the same. In addition, a portion of our borrowings used London interbank offered rates (“LIBOR”) as a benchmark for
establishing applicable rates for borrowings in U.S. dollars. On March 5, 2021, the Financial Conduct Authority (the “FCA”) announced in a public statement that all LIBOR tenors, including U.S.-dollar LIBOR, and overnight and 12-month US dollar LIBOR settings will cease to be published or will no longer be representative as of June 30, 2023, though the FCA is requiring the publication of the one-month, three-month and six-month
U.S.-dollar LIBOR on a non-representative, synthetic basis until September 2024. The Alternative Reference Rate Committee, a committee convened by the Federal Reserve that includes major market
participants, identified the Secured Overnight Financing Rate (“SOFR”), a new index calculated by short-term repurchase agreements that is backed by United States Treasury securities, as its preferred alternative rate for LIBOR. All of our previously U.S.-dollar LIBOR-based loans are now based on SOFR. There can be no assurance that SOFR will perform in
the same way as LIBOR would have at any time, including as a result of changes in interest and yield rates in the market, market volatility or global or regional economic, financial, political, regulatory, judicial or other events. The impact of volatility and disruptions in the global credit and financial markets may adversely affect our ability to borrow and could
increase our counterparty credit risks. Our ability to purchase additional ships depends on the availability of
ship financing on satisfactory terms and there can be no assurance that we will be able to borrow additional money on terms as favorable as our current debt, on commercially acceptable terms, or at all. Ship financing may become unavailable for a
number of reasons, including, among others, our inability to meet the conditions of such financing, a disruption of the capital and credit markets or rising interest rates. A failure in our ability to obtain sufficient ship financing on satisfactory
terms, or at all, could delay or prevent our ability to order or take delivery of new ships. If the failure to obtain financing resulted in a breakage or cancellation of a binding shipbuilding contract on our part, it could result in, among other
things, the forfeiture of any payments we have made and the imposition of contractual liquidated and other damages. In addition, our shipbuilding contracts include a clause that permits the shipyard to terminate the shipbuilding contract if it
subjectively determines that the contracting party is unable to pay its debts as they fall due. If the shipyard were to make this determination, the shipyard may decide to cancel the shipbuilding contract, which could delay or disrupt our planned
ship deliveries. Disruptions in the global credit and financial markets could also cause counterparties under our
derivatives, contingent obligations, insurance contracts and other third-party contracts to be unable to perform their obligations or to breach their obligations to us under our contracts with them, which could include failures of financial
institutions to fund required borrowings under our loan agreements and to pay us amounts that may become due under derivative contracts and other agreements. In addition, we may be limited in obtaining funds to pay amounts due to counterparties
under derivative contracts and to pay amounts that may become due under other agreements. If we were to elect to replace any counterparty for its failure to perform its obligations under such instruments, we would likely incur significant costs to
replace the counterparty. Any failure to replace any counterparties under these circumstances may result in additional costs to us or an ineffective instrument. In addition, if our credit ratings were to be downgraded, or general market conditions were to ascribe higher risk to our
rating levels, our industry, or us, our access to capital and the cost of any debt or equity financing could be negatively impacted. There is no guarantee that debt or equity financings will be available in the future to fund our obligations, or
that they will be available on terms consistent with our expectations. 50 Table of Contents Risks Related to Other Legal, Regulatory and Tax Matters We are subject to complex laws and regulations, including environmental laws and regulations. We are subject to various international, national, state and local laws, regulations and treaties related to, among other
things, environment protection, health and safety of workers and access for disabled persons. Compliance with such laws, regulations and treaties entails significant expense and attention from management, which could adversely affect our operations. In addition, new legislation, regulations or treaties, or changes thereto, or interpretations or implementations thereof,
especially where such regulations conflict with the regulations in effect in other jurisdictions in which we operate, could affect our operations and would likely subject us to increased compliance costs in the future. We believe that environmental laws and regulations in particular will continue to be focused on by relevant government
authorities in the United States, European countries and the other countries in which we operate or may operate due to an increased focus on greenhouse gas and other emissions from global regulators, consumers and other stakeholders, which may have
a material impact on our business. For example, we may be impacted by the EU’s Fit for 55 package, which includes updates to the Emissions Trading Systems relating to the need to acquire carbon emission allowances and proposed reforms to the
EU’s Energy Taxation Directive, which imposes taxes on fuel purchased in the EU. In July 2023, the European Council adopted a new regulatory proposal, the FuelEU Maritime initiative, which sets out a long-term framework to reduce emissions by
increasing the use of sustainable alternative fuels and shore power. In addition, the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency and the IMO (a United Nations agency with responsibility for the safety and security of shipping and the prevention of marine
pollution by ships) is currently considering various other proposals which aim to reduce emissions within the global shipping industry. For example, the IMO adopted two requirements that went into effect in 2023, the Carbon Intensity Indicator and
Energy Efficiency Ship Index, which each regulate carbon emissions for ships. Further, in March 2024, the SEC adopted a new rule that would require companies to make certain climate-related disclosures, including information about climate-related
risks, greenhouse gas emissions and certain climate-related financial statement metrics. Regulatory efforts, both internationally and in the United States, including in various states (for example, California’s Climate Corporate Data
Accountability Act and the Climate-Related Financial Risk Act signed into law in October 2023), are evolving, including the international alignment of such efforts, and we cannot determine what final regulations will be enacted or their ultimate
impact on our business. Climate change-related regulatory activity and developments that require us to reduce our emissions, which includes both the EU and IMO proposals discussed above, and may include regulatory efforts in the United States at a
federal or state-level in the future, may adversely affect our business and financial results by requiring us to make capital investments in new equipment or technologies, pay for carbon emissions, purchase carbon offset credits, or otherwise incur
additional costs or take additional actions related to our emissions. Such activity may also impact us indirectly by increasing our operating costs, including fuel costs. Regulatory developments may also result in the inability to operate vessels
that do not meet certain standards, the acceleration of the removal of less fuel-efficient vessels from our fleet and impact the resale value of our vessels in the future. In addition, we have invested in certain technologies to reduce our future
environmental impact, including shore power and a partial hybrid propulsion system based on liquid hydrogen and fuel cells for our next generation of ocean ships. There can be no assurance that these technologies will develop as anticipated or that
they will allow us to comply with future environmental regulations. If we are unable to use these technologies or these technologies become more expensive than expected, it may increase our operating costs or increase the impact of future
environmental regulations on our business. Growing recognition among consumers globally of the negative effects of
climate change and the impact of greenhouse gasses and other emissions may lead to material changes in consumer preferences. For instance, our guests may choose a vacation option that they perceive as operating in a manner that is more sustainable
for the climate, seek alternative methods of travel, or reduce the amount and frequency of their travel. In addition, some environmental groups have lobbied for more extensive oversight of cruise ships and have generated negative 51 Table of Contents publicity about the cruise industry and its environmental impact. The U.S. and various state and foreign government and regulatory agencies have enacted or are considering new environmental
regulations and policies aimed at reducing the threat of invasive species in ballast water, requiring the use of low-sulfur fuels, increasing fuel efficiency requirements and further restricting emissions,
including those of green-house gases, and improving sewage and greywater-handling capabilities. Compliance with such laws and regulations may entail significant expenses for ship modification and changes in operating procedures, which could
adversely affect our operations. The governing bodies that promulgate the laws and regulations related to disabled persons may also require changes to existing practices and the introduction of new physical facilities that are sufficient to meet the
needs of cruise guests with disabilities. If new proposals are introduced that are applicable to the cruise industry, the adoption of any such new laws, regulations or compliance agreements could require further enhancements to our ships, resulting
in increased operating expenses and capital expenditures and we cannot assure you that we will be able to comply or maintain compliance with such laws, regulations or compliance agreements. We are subject to a number of anti-corruption laws governing our operations. We are subject to various laws and regulations relating to anti-corruption and anti-bribery, such as the U.S. Foreign Corrupt
Practices Act (“FCPA”) and the UK Bribery Act 2010, which generally prohibit companies from making improper payments of anything of value (including money, gifts, travel, entertainment, in-kind benefits or charitable contributions) to government officials or private parties for the purpose of obtaining or retaining business or other business advantages. In operating our business (including the China JV Investment), we and our
intermediaries encounter government officials and interact with government-owned entities, and operate in parts of the world that have experienced corruption to some degree. We also are required to comply with the accounting provisions of the FCPA, which require us to maintain reasonably detailed
and accurate books, records, and accounts, and to devise and maintain a system of adequate internal controls. Although we
have implemented policies, procedures, and controls designed to promote compliance with the FCPA and other applicable anti-corruption laws by our employees and intermediaries, there are no guarantees that such persons will comply with such controls
or applicable anti-corruption laws at all times. Any actual or potential violation of these laws, or allegations or investigations relating to the same, could disrupt or have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and
reputation. Various trade, financial and economic sanctions and export control laws and regulations imposed upon the countries in
which we operate may adversely affect our activities or dealings in or with such countries, as well as our business, financial condition and results of operations. Our business activities are subject to requirements and prohibitions under various trade, financial and economic sanctions an
export control laws and regulations, including, without limitation, the sanctions programs of the U.S. Department of the Treasury’s Office of Foreign Assets Control, the European Union and its member states, and His Majesty’s Treasury of
the United Kingdom (including the Office of Financial Sanctions Implementation). These programs may prohibit or restrict our ability to, directly or indirectly, conduct activities or dealings in or with certain countries or territories or involving
certain persons, or otherwise affect our business. For example, the United States, the European Union, the United Kingdom and a number of other countries have introduced (and continue to enhance) a variety of economic trade, financial and other
sanctions and export controls against Russia, including in response to Russia’s ongoing invasion of Ukraine. Pursuant to these measures, certain persons, including a number of Russian government officials, business persons, banks and companies,
became subject to blocking sanctions or related trade, investment, immigration and financial restrictions or export controls. The basic practical consequences of these measures against Russia are that: (i) | in the case of blocking sanctions/asset freezes, U.S., EU and UK persons (and persons resident in, or nationals of, other jurisdictions which have implemented similar sanctions) cannot directly or indirectly 52 Table of Contents engage in business with such designated persons (including persons they own or control), deal with their assets or otherwise provide (or make available for their benefit) funds or economic resources (absent an exception under the applicable sanctions regulations, or a license from the relevant sanctions authority); (ii) | designated individuals may also be subject to travel bans, which restrict their ability to travel to certain jurisdictions; and (iii) | in the case of trade, export, investment or other financial restrictions, activities subject to U.S., EU or UK jurisdiction (and other jurisdictions which have implemented similar restrictions) may be prohibited by relevant sanctions regulations or export controls (for example, providing certain goods or services to persons in Russia or for us in Russia). Restrictions under certain sanctions regimes also prohibit investing in Russia and also prohibit a person from dealing with transferable securities or money-market instruments issued by, or entering into loan and credit arrangements with, persons connected with Russia, which may include persons ordinarily resident or located in Russia, and Russian entities which are incorporated or constituted under Russian law, or domiciled in Russia. While we believe that current U.S., EU and UK sanctions and export controls do not preclude us from conducting our current
business, further measures imposed by the United States, the European Union, the United Kingdom and a number of other countries may limit certain of our operations in the future. To the extent applicable to the business, existing, expanded or new
sanctions may negatively affect our revenue and profitability, and could impede our ability to effectively manage our legal entities and operations in certain jurisdictions. We have implemented policies and procedures to comply with applicable
sanctions laws and regulations. Any actual or potential violation of these laws, or allegations or investigations relating to the same, could disrupt or have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and reputation. Any trade war or other governmental action related to tariffs or international trade agreements or policies (including in
response to, or as part of a broader effort in conjunction with, economic sanctions) also has the potential to adversely affect our business. In recent years, the United States has instituted large tariffs on a wide variety of goods,
including from China, which led to retaliatory tariffs from leaders of other countries, including China. These policy pronouncements have created significant uncertainty about the future relationship between the United States
and China and other exporting countries, including with respect to trade policies, treaties, government regulations and tariffs and has led to concerns regarding the potential for an extended trade war. Tensions over trade and
other matters remain high between the U.S. and China, and it is currently unclear what policies the current U.S. administration will pursue. Protectionist developments, or the perception they may occur, may have a material adverse effect on
global economic conditions, and may significantly reduce global trade and, in particular, trade between the United States and other countries, including China. Such a trade war could negatively impact economic or market conditions, key vendors in
our supply chain and our business, financial condition and results of operations. Litigation could distract management, increase
our expenses or subject us to material money damages and other remedies. Our business is subject to various U.S.
and international laws and regulations that could lead to enforcement actions, fines, civil or criminal penalties or the assertion of litigation claims and damages. We may be involved from time to time in various legal proceedings that might
necessitate changes to our business or operations. Regardless of whether any claims against us have merit, or whether we are ultimately held liable or subject to payment of damages, claims may be expensive to defend and may divert management’s
time away from our operations. If any legal proceedings were to result in an unfavorable outcome, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 53 Table of Contents Application of existing tax laws, rules and regulations is subject to ambiguities and
differing interpretation by taxing authorities. We are subject to taxes in numerous jurisdictions, including those
in which we transact business, own property or reside. In computing our obligations under tax laws, rules and regulations, we are required to take various tax accounting and reporting positions on complex matters that are not entirely free from
doubt and for which we have not received rulings from the governing authorities. Although we believe our tax positions are reasonable, we cannot assure you that the applicable taxing authorities will agree with our positions. The final determination
of tax audits could be materially different from our historical tax provisions and accruals, in which case we may be subject to additional tax liabilities, possibly including interest and penalties, which may be material and could adversely affect
our business, financial condition and results of operations. Amendments to existing tax laws, rules or regulations or enactment of
new unfavorable tax laws, rules or regulations could have an adverse effect on our business and financial performance. Various tax regimes to which we are currently subject allow us to maintain a relatively low effective tax rate on our worldwide
income. If existing laws, rules or regulations were amended or reinterpreted, or if new unfavorable tax laws, rules or regulations were enacted, the results could increase our tax payments or other obligations, prospectively or retrospectively,
subject us to interest and penalties, decrease the demand for our cruises if we pass on such costs to our guests, result in increased costs to update or expand our technical or administrative infrastructure or effectively limit the scope of our
business activities if we decided not to conduct business in particular jurisdictions. As a result, these changes may adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. Our effective tax rate in the future could also be
adversely affected by changes to our operations and ownership, changes in the mix of earnings in countries with differing statutory tax rates, the discontinuation of beneficial tax arrangements in certain jurisdictions or the adoption of a global
minimum tax. Moreover, we may become subject to new tax regimes and may be unable to take advantage of favorable tax provisions afforded by current or future laws, rules or regulations. Additionally, longstanding international tax norms that determine each country’s jurisdiction to tax cross-border
international trade are evolving as a result of the Base Erosion and Profit Shifting reporting requirements, recommended by the G8, G20 and Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development (the “OECD”), including the imposition of a
minimum tax on income earned by international businesses regardless of the jurisdiction of operation. The OECD has reached an agreement to align countries on a minimum corporate tax rate and an expansion of the taxing rights of market countries. As
OECD participants or individual countries enact some or all parts of the OECD global minimum tax agreement, these changes could result in tax increases or double taxation that could affect our tax liabilities in the future. The current OECD
guidelines exclude international shipping income from the scope of the global minimum tax to the extent certain requirements relating to strategic or commercial management are satisfied. Some individual countries, including those in which we are
subject to taxation, have enacted legislation to implement parts of the OECD global minimum tax agreement. For example, Switzerland has introduced a minimum tax of 15% as of January 1, 2024 on Swiss corporations and permanent establishments for
multinational enterprises whose annual revenues exceed 750 million euros, and such minimum tax could impact our Swiss entities. The impact of the OECD global minimum tax agreement on our financial results depends on multiple factors, including the
effect of the international shipping exemption and interpretations by various tax authorities of both the OECD global minimum tax agreement and the corporate tax laws applied in other jurisdictions. As these and other tax laws and related
regulations change, our financial results could be materially impacted. In December 2023, Bermuda enacted the Corporate
Income Tax Act 2023 (the “CIT Act”), which applies to Bermuda entities that are part of multinational enterprise groups with 750 million euros or more in annual revenues in at least two of the four fiscal years immediately preceding the
fiscal year in question. The CIT Act imposes a new corporate income tax for tax years starting on or after January 1, 2025 at a rate of 15%. In general, income arising from international shipping is exempted from the scope of such tax, to the extent
certain requirements relating to strategic or commercial management in Bermuda are satisfied. As part of the transition into the CIT Act, Bermuda entities can elect to compute an opening tax loss carryforward from the period 54 Table of Contents January 1, 2020 through December 31, 2024. We expect that the tax imposed under the CIT Act will be applicable to us and that our income arising from international shipping will be exempt from
such tax. The imposition of such tax under the CIT Act, for tax years starting on or after January 1, 2025, may have an adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. Though we currently expect our income arising from
international shipping will be exempt from such tax, we will continue to evaluate the impact of the CIT Act on our operations as further information and guidance becomes available. Through our international ocean and expedition cruises, we are engaged in a trade or business in the United States and
generate a portion of our cruise income from sources within the United States. Under Section 883 of the Code (“Section 883”) and the related regulations, a foreign corporation will be exempt from U.S. federal income taxation on
its U.S.-source income derived from the international operation of ships (“shipping income”) if: (a) it is organized in a qualified foreign country, which is one that grants an “equivalent exemption” from tax to corporations
organized in the United States in respect of each category of shipping income for which exemption is being claimed under Section 883; and (b) either: (1) more than 50% of the value of its stock is beneficially owned, directly or
indirectly, by qualified shareholders, which includes individuals who are “residents” of a qualified foreign country (“stock ownership test”); (2) one or more classes of its stock representing, in the aggregate, more than 50% of
the combined voting power and value of all classes of its stock are “primarily and regularly traded on one or more established securities markets” in a qualified foreign country or in the United States; or (3) it is a controlled
foreign corporation for more than half of the taxable year and more than 50% of its stock is owned by qualified U.S. persons for more than half of the taxable year. In addition, U.S. Treasury Regulations require a foreign corporation and certain of
its direct and indirect shareholders to satisfy detailed substantiation and reporting requirements. Section 883 does not exempt U.S. source income derived from a U.S. domestic trade or business. We have assessed that we qualify for the benefits of Section 883 under the stock ownership test. However, qualification
for Section 883 depends upon various factors, including a specified percentage of our shares being owned, directly or indirectly, by shareholders who meet certain requirements. Additionally, provisions of the Code, including Section 883,
are subject to change at any time, and changes could occur in the future with respect to the identity, residence or holdings of our direct or indirect shareholders, which could impact our ability to qualify for the benefits of Section 883.
There are factual circumstances beyond our control, including changes in the direct and indirect owners of our shares, including as a result of this offering, which could cause us or our subsidiaries to lose the benefit of this tax exemption. Given the unpredictability of these possible changes and their potential interdependency, it is very difficult to assess
whether the overall effect of such potential tax changes would be cumulatively positive or negative for our earnings and cash flow, but such changes could adversely affect our financial results. Economic Substance Legislation enacted in Bermuda may affect our operations. Pursuant to the Economic Substance Act 2018 (as amended) of Bermuda (the “ES Act”) effective as of January 1,
2019, a registered entity other than an entity which is resident for tax purposes in certain jurisdictions outside Bermuda (i.e. not designated by the European Union as a non-cooperative jurisdiction for tax
purposes; any such entity, a “non-resident entity”) that carries on as a business any one or more of the “relevant activities” referred to in the ES Act must comply with economic substance
requirements. The ES Act requires in-scope entities which are engaged in such “relevant activities” to be directed and managed in Bermuda, have an adequate level of qualified employees in Bermuda,
incur an adequate level of annual expenditure in Bermuda, maintain physical offices and premises in Bermuda and perform core income-generating activities in Bermuda. The list of “relevant activities” includes carrying on any one or more
of: banking, insurance, fund management, financing and leasing, headquarters, shipping (defined to include passenger cruise ships), distribution and service centers, intellectual property and holding entities. We and several of our Bermuda
subsidiaries are carrying on relevant activities for the purposes of the ES Act and are required to comply with such economic substance requirements. Our compliance with the ES Act may result in additional costs that could adversely affect our
financial condition or results of operations. 55 Table of Contents Risks Related to this Offering and Ownership of Our Ordinary Shares Our share price may be volatile, and you could lose all or part of your investment as a result. The initial public offering price for the ordinary shares sold in this offering will be determined by negotiation between us
and representatives of the underwriters. This price may not reflect the market price of our ordinary shares following this offering and the price of our ordinary shares may decline. In addition, the market price of our ordinary shares could be
highly volatile and may fluctuate substantially as a result of many factors, including: • | results of operations that vary from the expectations of securities analysts and investors; • | results of operations that vary from those of our competitors; • | changes in market valuations of, or earnings and other announcements by, companies serving our markets; • | declines in the market prices of stocks, trading volumes and company valuations generally; • | announcements of new itineraries or services or the introduction of new ships by us or our competitors; • | announcements by us or our competitors of significant acquisitions, strategic partnerships, joint ventures or capital commitments; • | changes in general economic or market conditions or trends in our industry, our markets or the economy as a whole; • | changes in business, environmental or regulatory conditions; • | future sales of our ordinary shares or other securities; • | investor perceptions or the investment opportunity associated with our ordinary shares relative to other investment alternatives; • | the public’s response to press releases or other public announcements by us or third parties, including our filings with the SEC; • | changes in senior management or key personnel; • | announcements relating to litigation; • | the development and sustainability of an active trading market for our shares; • | changes in accounting principles; and • | other events or factors, including those resulting from pandemics (including COVID-19), natural disasters, war, acts of terrorism or responses to these events. In addition, the stock markets have experienced extreme price and volume fluctuations. Broad market and industry factors may
materially harm the market price of our ordinary shares, regardless of our operating performance. In the past, following periods of volatility in the market price of a company’s securities, securities class action litigation has often been
instituted against that company. If we were involved in any similar litigation, we could incur substantial costs and our management’s attention and resources could be diverted. Anti-takeover provisions in our organizational documents could delay or prevent a change of control. Certain provisions of our bye-laws to be effective upon the consummation of this
offering may have an anti-takeover effect and may delay, defer or prevent a merger, amalgamation, acquisition, tender offer, takeover attempt or other change of control transaction that a shareholder might consider in its best interest, including
those attempts that might result in a premium over the market price for the shares held by our shareholders. For example, we have a two-class share structure, as a result of which our principal shareholder
generally will be able to control the outcome of all matters requiring shareholder approval, including the election of directors and significant corporate transactions, such as a merger, amalgamation or other sale of our company or its assets. 56 Table of Contents These anti-takeover provisions could make it more difficult for a third
party to acquire us, even if the third party’s offer may be considered beneficial by many of our shareholders. As a result, our shareholders may be limited in their ability to obtain a premium for their shares. See “Description of Share
Capital.” No public market currently exists for our ordinary shares, and an active, liquid trading market for our ordinary
shares may not develop or continue following this offering. Prior to this offering, there has been no public
market for our ordinary shares. An active trading market may not develop following the consummation of this offering or, if developed, may not be sustained. The lack of an active market may impair your ability to sell your shares at the time you
wish to sell them or at a price that you consider reasonable. An inactive market may also impair our ability to raise capital by selling ordinary shares and may impair our ability to acquire other companies by using our shares as consideration. The market price of our ordinary shares could be negatively affected by future sales of our ordinary shares or special shares. Immediately after this offering, we will have 303,683,900 ordinary shares issued and outstanding and we will have
127,771,124 special shares issued and outstanding. Sales by us or our shareholders of a substantial number of ordinary shares in the public market or in private transactions following this offering, or the perception that these sales might occur,
could cause the market price of our ordinary shares to decline or could impair our ability to raise capital through a future sale of, or pay for acquisitions using, our equity securities. Of our issued and outstanding ordinary shares, the 64,041,668
ordinary shares sold in this offering (or 73,647,916 ordinary shares if the underwriters exercise their option to purchase additional ordinary shares in full) will be freely tradable without restriction or further registration under the Securities
Act of 1933 (the “Securities Act”), unless owned by our affiliates (as defined under Rule 144 of the Securities Act (“Rule 144”)), including our principal shareholder and our directors and executive officers, who may
sell only in compliance with the limitations described in “Shares Eligible for Future Sale.” The remaining 239,642,232 ordinary shares (or 230,035,984 ordinary shares if the underwriters exercise their option to purchase additional
ordinary shares in full) and all of our special shares will be “restricted securities” within the meaning of Rule 144 and subject to certain restrictions on resale upon the consummation of this offering. Subject to certain contractual
restrictions, including the lock-up agreements described below, restricted securities may be sold in the public market only if they are registered under the Securities Act or are sold pursuant to an exemption
from registration such as Rule 144 under the Securities Act, as described in “Shares Eligible for Future Sale.” After the completion of this offering, our principal shareholder and our financial shareholders will have certain registration
rights under the Investor Rights Agreement. Following the consummation of this offering, the shares covered by the registration rights in the Investor Rights Agreement would represent approximately 82.6% of our issued and outstanding ordinary shares
and special shares (or 80.4%, if the underwriters exercise their option to purchase additional ordinary shares in full). In addition, as of December 31, 2023, up to 2,949,830 ordinary shares will be issuable after this offering upon the
exercise of outstanding options, up to 8,733,400 ordinary shares will be issuable after this offering upon the exercise of warrants and up to 2,619,266 ordinary shares will be issuable after this offering upon the vesting and settlement of RSUs for
which the time vesting condition was not satisfied as of December 31, 2023. As of December 31, 2023, we also had 13,824,564 ordinary shares reserved for future issuance under the 2018 Plan and 4,680,000 ordinary shares available for
issuance under the 2024 ESPP. In connection with this offering, all of our directors and executive officers and holders
of substantially all of our shares, including the selling shareholders, have entered into lock-up agreements with the representatives of the underwriters. Pursuant to such lock-up agreements, such persons have agreed, subject to certain exceptions, not to sell or otherwise dispose of ordinary shares or special shares or any securities convertible into or exchangeable for
ordinary shares or special shares for a period of 180 days after the date of this prospectus without the prior written consent of BofA Securities, Inc. and J.P. Morgan Securities LLC. See “Underwriting” for a description of these lock-up agreements. 57 Table of Contents Following the consummation of this offering, we intend to file one or more
registration statements on Form S-8 under the Securities Act to register the ordinary shares issuable under the Post-IPO 2018 Plan and the 2024 ESPP. Any such Form S-8 registration statement will become effective automatically upon filing. Once those shares are registered, they can be sold in the public market upon issuance, subject to Rule 144 limitations
applicable to affiliates, vesting restrictions and the lock-up restrictions described under “Underwriting.” If you purchase our ordinary shares in this offering, you will experience substantial and immediate dilution. The initial public offering price of $24.00 per ordinary share is substantially higher than the net tangible book value per
share immediately after this offering. We calculate net tangible book value (deficit) per share by taking the amount of our total tangible assets, reduced by the amount of our total liabilities, and then dividing that amount by the total number of
ordinary shares and special shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2023. If you purchase ordinary shares in this offering, you will experience substantial and immediate dilution in the pro forma as adjusted net tangible book value
(deficit) per share of $27.05 per ordinary share as of December 31, 2023, based on the initial public offering price of $24.00 per ordinary share. You may also experience additional dilution upon future equity issuances, including under
the Post-IPO 2018 Plan and the 2024 ESPP, or the exercise or settlement of equity awards granted to our employees, executive officers and directors under the 2018 Plan and any future equity incentive plans or upon the exercise of warrants that may
be outstanding from time to time. For more information, see “Dilution.” We do not expect to pay any dividends in the
foreseeable future. We intend to retain most, if not all, of our available funds and earnings to fund the
development and growth of our business. As a result, we do not expect to pay any cash dividends in the foreseeable future. Consequently, investors who purchase ordinary shares in this offering may be unable to realize a gain on their investment
except by selling such shares after price appreciation, which may never occur. Our board of directors has significant
discretion as to whether to distribute dividends. Even if our board of directors decides to declare and pay dividends, the timing, amount and form of future dividends, if any, will depend on, among other things, our future results of operations and
cash flow, our capital requirements and surplus, our financial condition and other factors deemed relevant by our board of directors. Because we are a holding company, our ability to pay dividends also depends on our receipt of cash dividends from
our operating subsidiaries, which may be restricted in their ability to pay dividends as a result of the laws of their respective jurisdictions of organization, agreements of our subsidiaries or covenants under any existing and future outstanding
indebtedness we or our subsidiaries incur. In particular, the ability of our subsidiaries to distribute cash to us to pay dividends is limited by covenants in our debt instruments and may be further restricted by the terms of any future debt or
preferred securities. Our two-class structure has the effect of concentrating voting
control with our principal shareholder, which could limit your ability to influence certain key matters affecting our business and affairs. Upon the consummation of this offering, our principal shareholder will hold 97,484,764 ordinary shares and 127,704,616 special
shares, which will represent approximately 86.9% of the voting power of our issued and outstanding share capital. The rights of the holders of our ordinary shares and our special shares are identical, except with respect to voting, conversion and
transfer rights. Each ordinary share is entitled to one vote per share, and each special share is entitled to 10 votes per share. As a result, subject to the terms of the Investor Rights Agreement, our principal shareholder will have the ability to elect
almost all of the members of our board of directors and thereby control our policies and operations, including, among other things, the appointment of management, future issuances of our ordinary shares or other securities, the payment of dividends,
if any, on our ordinary shares, the incurrence or modification of debt by us, amendments to our bye-laws and the entering into extraordinary transactions. 58 Table of Contents Our principal shareholder may have interests that do not align with the
interests of our other shareholders, including with regard to pursuing acquisitions, divestitures and other transactions that, in their judgment, could enhance their equity investment, even though such transactions might involve risks to our other
shareholders. Our principal shareholder will have effective control over our decisions to enter into such corporate transactions regardless of whether others believe that the transaction is in our best interests. Such control may have the effect of
delaying, preventing or deterring a change of control of us, could deprive shareholders of an opportunity to receive a premium for their ordinary shares as part of a sale of us and might ultimately affect the market price of our ordinary shares. The
concentration of ownership could deprive you of an opportunity to receive a premium for your ordinary share as part of a sale of us and ultimately might affect the market price of our ordinary shares. See “Description of Share Capital.” The Investor Rights Agreement grants certain rights to our principal shareholder and our financial shareholders, and these
shareholders may have interests that do not align with the interests of our other shareholders. Under the Investor
Rights Agreement, our principal shareholder has the right to designate four nominees to our board of directors and each of our financial shareholders has the right to designate two nominees to our board of directors, subject to the maintenance of
specified ownership requirements. Our Audit Committee, our Compensation Committee and our Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee will also include one director jointly selected by our financial shareholders, one director selected by our
principal shareholder and one independent director selected by our board of directors, subject to the maintenance of specified ownership requirements. In addition, under the Investor Rights Agreement, the following actions require the prior consent of our principal shareholder
and each of our financial shareholders, subject to the maintenance of specified ownership requirements: (1) issuing (a) equity securities that are senior to our ordinary shares or (b) an aggregate amount of equity securities, in any twelve (12)
month period, that exceeds 5% of our then issued and outstanding total number of shares, subject to certain exceptions; and (2) making any acquisition or disposition of assets or securities with a value in excess of $1 billion, whether structured as
an asset or equity purchase, merger, amalgamation, investment, joint venture, share exchange, reorganization, recapitalization or otherwise. We have also granted our principal shareholder and our financial shareholders registration rights. See
“Certain Relationships and Related Party Transactions—Investor Rights Agreement—Rights of Appointment, Consent Rights and Registration Rights.” Our principal shareholder and our financial shareholders may have interests that do not align with the interests of our other
shareholders. As long as our principal shareholder and our financial shareholders continue to maintain the specified ownership requirements set forth in the Investor Rights Agreement, our principal shareholder and our financial shareholders will
continue to benefit from the contractual provisions provided in the Investor Rights Agreement and may be able to strongly influence or effectively control certain decisions. In addition, the Investor Rights Agreement prohibits our financial shareholders from transferring, directly or indirectly, any
of their ordinary shares to certain competitors without prior approval of our board of directors, subject to certain exceptions. This transfer restriction may result in our financial shareholders selling their ordinary shares at a lower price than
they would otherwise be able to absent any transfer restriction and could delay, defer or prevent a takeover. There are regulatory
limitations on the ownership and transfer of our ordinary shares. We have been designated by the Bermuda Monetary
Authority as a non-resident for Bermuda exchange control purposes. This designation allows us to engage in transactions in currencies other than the Bermuda dollar, and there are no restrictions on our ability
to transfer funds (other than funds denominated in Bermuda dollars) in and out of Bermuda or to pay dividends to U.S. residents who are holders of our ordinary shares. 59 Table of Contents The Bermuda Monetary Authority has given its consent for the issue and free
transferability of all of our ordinary shares that are the subject of this offering to and between non-residents of Bermuda for exchange control purposes, provided our ordinary shares remain listed on an
appointed stock exchange, which includes the NYSE. Approvals or permissions given by the Bermuda Monetary Authority do not constitute a guarantee by the Bermuda Monetary Authority as to our performance or our creditworthiness. Accordingly, in giving
such consent or permissions, the Bermuda Monetary Authority shall not be liable for the financial soundness, performance or default of our business or for the correctness of any opinions or statements expressed in this prospectus. Certain issues and
transfers of ordinary shares involving persons deemed resident in Bermuda for exchange control purposes require the specific consent of the Bermuda Monetary Authority. We are a Bermuda company and it may be difficult for you to enforce judgments against us or our directors and executive officers. We are a Bermuda exempted company. As a result, the rights of holders of our ordinary shares will be governed by
Bermuda law and our memorandum of association and bye-laws. The rights of shareholders under Bermuda law may differ from the rights of shareholders of companies incorporated in other jurisdictions. A number of
our directors and some of the named experts referred to in this prospectus are not residents of the United States, and a substantial portion of our assets are located outside the United States. As a result, it may be difficult for you to effect
service of process within the United States upon us or those persons, or to enforce judgments obtained in U.S. courts against us or those persons based on the civil liability provisions of the federal securities laws of the United States or other
laws. We have been advised by our special Bermuda counsel that there is no treaty in force between the United States and
Bermuda providing for the reciprocal recognition and enforcement of judgments in civil and commercial matters. As a result, whether a U.S. judgment would be enforceable in Bermuda against us or our directors and officers depends on whether the U.S.
court that entered the judgment is recognized by a Bermuda court as having jurisdiction over us or our directors and officers, as determined by reference to Bermuda conflict of law rules. The courts of Bermuda would recognize as a valid judgment, a
final and conclusive judgment in personam obtained in a U.S. court pursuant to which a sum of money is payable (other than a sum of money payable in respect of multiple damages, taxes or other charges of a like nature or in respect of a fine or
other penalty). The courts of Bermuda would give a judgment based on such a U.S. judgment as long as (1) the U.S. court had proper jurisdiction over the parties subject to the judgment; (2) the U.S. court did not contravene the rules of
natural justice of Bermuda; (3) the U.S. judgment was not obtained by fraud; (4) the enforcement of the U.S. judgment would not be contrary to the public policy of Bermuda; (5) no new admissible evidence relevant to the action is
submitted prior to the rendering of the judgment by the courts of Bermuda; (6) there is due compliance with the correct procedures under the laws of Bermuda; and (7) the U.S. judgment is not inconsistent with any judgment of the courts of
Bermuda in respect of the same matter. In addition, and irrespective of jurisdictional issues, the Bermuda courts will
not enforce a U.S. federal securities law that is either penal or contrary to Bermuda public policy. We have been advised that an action brought pursuant to a public or penal law, the purpose of which is the enforcement of a sanction, power or right
at the instance of the state in its sovereign capacity, is unlikely to be entertained by a Bermuda court. Certain remedies available under the laws of U.S. jurisdictions, including certain remedies under U.S. federal securities laws, would not be
available under Bermuda law or enforceable in a Bermuda court, as they are likely to be contrary to Bermuda public policy. Further, it may not be possible to pursue direct claims in Bermuda against us or our directors and officers for alleged
violations of U.S. federal securities laws because these laws are unlikely to have extraterritorial effect and do not have force of law in Bermuda. A Bermuda court may, however, impose civil liability on us or our directors and officers if the facts
alleged and proved in the Bermuda proceedings constitute or give rise to a cause of action under the applicable governing law, not being a foreign public, penal or revenue law. 60 Table of Contents Bermuda law differs from the laws in effect in the United States and may afford less
protection to holders of our ordinary shares. We are incorporated under the laws of Bermuda. As a result, our
corporate affairs are primarily governed by our bye-laws, the Companies Act and Bermuda common law. Bermuda laws relating to companies differ in many material respects from laws typically applicable to U.S.
corporations and shareholders, including the provisions relating to interested directors, amalgamations, mergers and acquisitions, takeovers, shareholder lawsuits and indemnification of directors. Generally, the duties of directors and officers of a
Bermuda company are owed to the company only. Shareholders of Bermuda companies may only take action against directors or officers of the company in limited circumstances. The circumstances in which derivative actions may be available under Bermuda
law are substantially more proscribed and less clear than they would be to shareholders of U.S. corporations. Class actions and derivative actions are generally not available to shareholders under Bermuda law. The Bermuda courts, however, would
ordinarily be expected to permit a shareholder to commence an action in the name of a company to remedy a wrong to the company where the act complained of is, for example, alleged to be beyond the corporate power of the company or illegal, or would
result in the violation of the company’s memorandum of association or bye-laws. Consideration would be given by a Bermuda court to acts which are alleged to constitute a fraud against the minority
shareholders or, for instance, where an act requires the approval of a greater percentage of the company’s shareholders than that which actually approved it. When the affairs of a company are being conducted in a manner which is oppressive or prejudicial to the interests of some
shareholders, one or more shareholders may apply to the Supreme Court of Bermuda, which has wide discretionary powers on identifying such conduct and making orders to address such conduct as it sees fit, including an order regulating the conduct of
the company’s affairs in the future or ordering the purchase of the shares of any shareholders by other shareholders or by the company. In addition, the rights of holders of our ordinary shares and the fiduciary responsibilities of our
directors under Bermuda law are not as widely defined as under statutes or judicial precedent in existence in jurisdictions in the United States, particularly the State of Delaware. As a consequence, holders of our ordinary shares may not have the
same protection of their interests as would shareholders of a corporation incorporated in a jurisdiction within the United States. Our bye-laws to be effective upon the consummation of this offering will restrict shareholders
from bringing legal action against our officers and directors and contain exclusive forum provisions. Subject to
Section 14 of the Securities Act and Section 29(a) of the Exchange Act, which render void any purported waiver of the provisions of the Securities Act and the Exchange Act, respectively, our bye-laws to be effective upon the consummation of
this offering contain a broad waiver by our shareholders of any claim or right of action, both individually and on our behalf, against any of our officers or directors. The waiver applies to any action taken by an officer or director, or the failure
of an officer or director to take any action, in the performance of his or her duties, except with respect to any matter involving any fraud or dishonesty on the part of the officer or director. This waiver limits the right of shareholders to assert
claims against our officers and directors, provided that pursuant to Section 98 of the Companies Act such waiver would not be effective to the extent the act or failure to act involves fraud or dishonesty. This waiver would not be effective as a
waiver of the right to sue for violations of the Securities Act or the Exchange Act, the waiver of which would be prohibited by Section 14 of the Securities Act and Section 29(a) of the Exchange Act, respectively; and we do not intend this waiver be
effective as a waiver of the right to sue for violations of the Securities Act or the Exchange Act. Our bye-laws to be
effective upon the consummation of this offering expressly state that unless we consent in writing, the courts of Bermuda will be the sole and exclusive forum for (a) any action brought by or on behalf of us in relation to matters governed by
the Companies Act or our bye-laws, (b) any action asserting a claim of breach of any duty owed by any of our directors or officers to us or any of our shareholders and (c) any action asserting a claim against us or any director or officer
arising under the laws of Bermuda or our bye-laws. 61 Table of Contents In addition, our bye-laws to be effective upon the consummation of this
offering expressly state that unless we consent in writing, the sole and exclusive forum for any action asserting claims under the Securities Act or the Exchange Act, to the extent permitted by applicable law, will be the United States federal
district courts. The choice of forum provisions may limit a shareholder’s ability to bring a claim in a judicial
forum that it finds favorable for disputes with us or our current or former directors, officers or other employees or shareholders, which may discourage such lawsuits against us and our current or former directors, officers and other employees or
shareholders. Alternatively, if a court were to find the choice of forum provisions contained in our bye-laws to be inapplicable or unenforceable in an action, we may incur additional costs associated with resolving such action in other
jurisdictions, which could harm our business, financial condition and results of operations. We will be a foreign private issuer
and, as a result, we will not be subject to U.S. proxy rules and will be subject to Exchange Act reporting obligations that, to some extent, are more lenient and less frequent than those of a U.S. domestic public company. Upon the consummation of this offering, we will report under the Exchange Act as a non-U.S. company with foreign private issuer status. Because we qualify as a foreign private issuer under the Exchange Act, we are exempt from certain provisions of the Exchange Act that are applicable to U.S.
domestic public companies, including (1) the sections of the Exchange Act regulating the solicitation of proxies, consents or authorizations in respect of a security registered under the Exchange Act, (2) the sections of the Exchange Act
requiring insiders to file public reports of their share ownership and trading activities and liability for insiders who profit from trades made in a short period of time and (3) the rules under the Exchange Act requiring the filing with the
SEC of quarterly reports on Form 10-Q containing unaudited financial and other specified information, although we intend to furnish quarterly information on Form 6-K. In addition, foreign private issuers are not required to file their annual report on Form 20-F until 120 days after the end of each fiscal year,
while U.S. domestic issuers that are accelerated filers are required to file their annual report on Form 10-K within 75 days after the end of each fiscal year and U.S. domestic issuers that are large
accelerated filers are required to file their annual report on Form 10-K within 60 days after the end of each fiscal year. Foreign private issuers are also exempt from Regulation FD, which is
intended to prevent issuers from making selective disclosures of material information. As a result of all of the above, you may not have the same protections afforded to shareholders of a company that is not a foreign private issuer. As a foreign private issuer, we are permitted to adopt certain home country practices in relation to corporate governance matters that
differ significantly from the NYSE corporate governance listing standards. These practices may afford less protection to shareholders than they would enjoy if we complied fully with corporate governance listing standards. As a foreign private issuer listed on the NYSE, we will be subject to corporate governance listing standards. However, rules
permit a foreign private issuer like us to follow the corporate governance practices of its home country. Certain corporate governance practices in Bermuda, which is our home country, may differ significantly from corporate governance listing
standards. Therefore, our shareholders may be afforded less protection than they otherwise would have under corporate governance listing standards applicable to U.S. domestic issuers. We may lose our foreign private issuer status in the future, which could result in significant additional costs and expenses. While we currently qualify as a foreign private issuer, the determination of foreign private issuer status is made
annually on the last business day of an issuer’s most recently completed second fiscal quarter and, accordingly, the next determination will be made with respect to us on June 30, 2024. In the future, we would lose our foreign private
issuer status if we fail to meet the requirements necessary to maintain our foreign private issuer status as of the relevant determination date. For example, if more than 50% of the voting power of our issued and outstanding share capital is held by
U.S. residents and more than 50% of the members of our management or members of our board of directors are residents or citizens of the United States, we could lose our foreign private issuer status. 62 Table of Contents The regulatory and compliance costs to us under U.S. securities laws as a
U.S. domestic issuer may be significantly more than the costs we incur as a foreign private issuer. If we are not a foreign private issuer, we will be required to file periodic reports and registration statements on U.S. domestic issuer forms with
the SEC, which are more detailed and extensive in certain respects than the forms available to a foreign private issuer. We would be required to modify certain of our policies to comply with corporate governance practices associated with U.S.
domestic issuers. We also may lose our ability to rely upon exemptions from certain corporate governance requirements on U.S. stock exchanges that are available to foreign private issuers, such as exemptions from procedural requirements related to
the solicitation of proxies. In addition, we would be required to change our basis of accounting from IFRS as issued by the IASB to GAAP, which may be difficult and costly for us to comply with. We are a “controlled company” under the NYSE rules, and we are able to rely on exemptions from certain corporate governance
requirements that provide protection to shareholders of companies that are not controlled companies. Following the
consummation of this offering, our principal shareholder will continue to control a majority of the voting power of our ordinary shares. As a result, we will be a “controlled company” within the meaning of the corporate governance
standards of the NYSE. Under these rules, a company of which more than 50% of the voting power is held by an individual, group or another company is a “controlled company” and may elect not to comply with certain corporate governance
requirements, including: • | the requirement that a majority of the board of directors consist of “independent directors” as defined under the rules of the NYSE; • | the requirement that we have a compensation committee that is composed entirely of independent directors with a written charter addressing the committee’s purpose and responsibilities; • | the requirement that we have a nominating and corporate governance committee that is composed entirely of independent directors with a written charter addressing the committee’s purpose and responsibilities; and • | the requirement for an annual performance evaluation of the nominating and corporate governance and compensation committees. Following this offering, we intend to utilize certain of these exemptions. As
such, you will not have the same protections afforded to shareholders of companies that are subject to all of the NYSE rules. We
will incur increased costs and become subject to additional regulations and requirements as a result of becoming a newly public company, and our management will be required to devote substantial time to new compliance matters and corporate
governance practices. As a newly public company we will incur significant legal, accounting and other expenses
that we did not incur as a private company. The Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, as amended (the “Sarbanes-Oxley Act”), the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act (the “Dodd-Frank Act”), the listing requirements of
the NYSE and other applicable securities rules and regulations impose various requirements on public companies, including establishment and maintenance of effective disclosure and financial controls and corporate governance practices. Our management
and other personnel will need to devote a substantial amount of time to these compliance initiatives. Moreover, these rules and regulations will increase our legal and financial compliance costs and will make some activities more time-consuming and
costlier. For example, these laws and regulations could make it more difficult or costly for us to obtain director and officer liability insurance and make it more difficult for us to attract and retain qualified members of our board of
directors. We are evaluating these rules and regulations and cannot predict or estimate the amount of additional costs we
may incur or the timing of such costs. These rules and regulations are often subject to varying interpretations, in many cases due to their lack of specificity, and, as a result, their application in practice may evolve over time 63 Table of Contents as new guidance is provided by regulatory and governing bodies. This could result in continuing uncertainty regarding compliance matters and higher costs necessitated by ongoing revisions to
disclosure and governance practices. For example, in March 2022, the SEC proposed rule changes that would require companies to make certain climate-related disclosures, including information about climate-related risks, greenhouse gas emissions and
certain climate-related financial statement metrics. At this time, we cannot predict the costs of compliance with, or any potential adverse impacts resulting from, the new rules if adopted as proposed. Key members of our management team have limited experience managing a public company. Many members of our management team have limited experience managing a publicly traded company, interacting with public company
investors and complying with the increasingly complex laws pertaining to public companies. Our management team may not successfully or efficiently manage our transition to being a public company subject to significant regulatory oversight and
reporting obligations under the federal securities laws and the continuous scrutiny of securities analysts and investors. These new obligations and constituents will require significant attention from our senior management and could divert their
attention away from the day-to-day management of our business, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. Our dual class share structure with different voting rights may adversely affect the value and liquidity of our ordinary
shares. We cannot predict whether our dual class share structure with different voting rights will result in a
lower or more volatile market price of our ordinary shares, in adverse publicity, or other adverse consequences. Certain index providers have announced restrictions on including companies with multiple class share structures in certain of their
indices. Because of our dual class structure, we will likely be excluded from these indices and other stock indices that take similar actions. Given the sustained flow of investment funds into passive strategies that seek to track certain indices,
exclusion from certain stock indices would likely preclude investment by many of these funds and could make our ordinary shares less attractive to investors. In addition, several shareholder advisory firms have announced their opposition to the use
of multiple class structure and our dual class structure may cause shareholder advisory firms to publish negative commentary about our corporate governance, in which case the market price and liquidity of our ordinary shares could be adversely
affected. We have identified material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting. If our remediation of the
material weaknesses is not effective, or if we identify additional material weaknesses in the future or otherwise fail to maintain effective internal control over financial reporting when we are subject to compliance with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, our
ability to produce accurate and timely consolidated financial statements could be impaired, investor confidence could be harmed and the value of our ordinary shares could be affected. In connection with previously issued financial statements, we identified material weaknesses in our internal control over
financial reporting. A material weakness is a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting, such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of the annual or interim financial
statements will not be prevented or detected and corrected on a timely basis. The material weaknesses identified related to: (1) our information system controls around user access, segregation of conflicting duties and change management were
not designed or operating effectively; and (2) our controls around the financial statement close process and processes for accounting for non-routine transactions were not designed or operating
effectively, including as a result of an inappropriate segregation of conflicting duties, insufficient review of journal entries and account reconciliations and insufficient evidence of performance of controls and review of non-routine transactions. These material weaknesses could result in a material misstatement of our annual or interim financial statements that would not be prevented or detected and corrected on a timely basis. 64 Table of Contents We have been making progress on a remediation plan that we believe addresses
the underlying causes of the identified material weaknesses. Considerable efforts have been undertaken to design and implement appropriate processes and controls over our information systems to strengthen internal controls over user access, changes
to systems and enhance segregation of duties. Additionally, we have undertaken efforts to (1) hire additional accounting and financial personnel with financial accounting, tax and reporting expertise, (2) increase training and education in
accounting and reporting requirements, and (3) design and implement processes, tools and internal controls over the financial statement close process, strengthen internal controls for accounting for non-routine transactions, address segregation of
duties conflicts, enhance the review of journal entries and account reconciliations, and improve evidence collection and maintenance of performance of controls. As we have been privately held prior to this offering, we have not been required to comply with Section 404 of the
Sarbanes-Oxley Act, which will require management to report on the effectiveness of our internal controls over financial reporting. Though management has made significant incremental improvements to address the identified material weaknesses, until
management has fully implemented the design of controls in accordance with the remediation plan, the applicable controls operate for a sufficient period of time and management concludes through performing a full assessment, including testing, that
the controls are operating effectively, the material weaknesses cannot be considered fully remediated. We will be
required to evaluate and determine the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting and provide a management report as to internal control over financial reporting in our second annual report on Form 20-F. If we fail to remediate the material weaknesses identified, identify additional material weaknesses in the future or are otherwise unable to implement and maintain effective internal control over
financial reporting when we are subject to compliance with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, we may be unable to timely and accurately report our financial results or comply with applicable regulations. Failure to maintain effective internal control over
financial reporting also could potentially subject us to sanctions or investigations by the SEC or other regulatory authorities. We cannot assure you that our existing material weaknesses will be remediated, or that additional material weaknesses
will not exist or otherwise be discovered, which could harm investor confidence in us and affect the value of our ordinary shares. If securities or industry analysts do not publish research or reports or publish unfavorable research about our business, the price and
trading volume of our ordinary shares could decline. The trading market for our ordinary shares will depend in
part on the research and reports that securities or industry analysts publish about us, our business or our industry. We do not have control over these analysts. If few securities analysts commence coverage of us, or if industry analysts cease
coverage of us, the trading price for our shares could be negatively affected. If securities or industry analysts do not publish research or reports about our business, downgrade our ordinary shares or publish negative reports about our business,
the price of our ordinary shares could decline. If one or more of these analysts cease coverage of us or fail to publish reports on us regularly, demand for our ordinary shares could decrease, which could cause the price or trading volume of our
ordinary shares to decline. 65 Table of Contents SPECIAL NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS This prospectus contains “forward-looking statements,” as that term is defined in the U.S. federal securities laws.
These forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, statements other than statements of historical facts contained in this prospectus, including among others, statements relating to our future financial performance, our business
prospects and strategy, anticipated financial position, liquidity and capital needs, the industry in which we operate and other similar matters. In some cases, we have identified forward-looking statements in this prospectus by using words such as
“anticipates,” “estimates,” “expects,” “intends,” “plans” and “believes,” and similar expressions or future or conditional verbs such as “will,” “should,”
“would,” “may” and “could.” These forward-looking statements are based on management’s current expectations and assumptions about future events, which are inherently subject to uncertainties, risks and changes in
circumstances that are difficult to predict or which are beyond our control. Forward-looking statements speak only as of
the date of this prospectus. You should not place undue reliance on the forward-looking statements included in this prospectus or that may be made elsewhere from time to time by us, or on our behalf. All forward-looking statements attributable to us
are expressly qualified by these cautionary statements. Although we believe that our expectations are based on reasonable
assumptions, our actual results may differ materially from those expressed in, or implied by, the forward-looking statements included in this prospectus as a result of various factors, including, among others: • | changes in the general worldwide economic and political environment; • | adverse weather conditions or other natural disasters, including high or low river water levels; • | adverse incidents involving cruise ships; • | disease outbreaks or pandemics; • | the existence or threat of terrorist attacks, wars, acts of piracy and other events affecting the safety and security of travel; • | increased costs, including airfare and fuel prices, as a result of inflation, rising interest rates or labor shortages; • | fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates; • | changes in cruise capacity, demand and infrastructure; • | the continued service of our senior management; • | our ability to compete effectively in the cruise industry; • | our ability to expand into new markets; • | the impact of seasonality on our business; • | our ability to effectively manage our growth; • | increases in the cost of, or delays in, ship construction or ship repairs, maintenance or refurbishments; • | the availability of attractive, convenient and safe port destinations; • | our reliance on travel agencies; • | the availability of, or increases in the prices for, the services and products provided by our vendors; • | the availability and cost of commercial airline services for guests; • | changes in credit card processing terms and requirements, guest payment policies, or consumer protection legislation or regulations; 66 Table of Contents • | our ability to maintain and develop our premium brand; • | our ability to protect our intellectual property; • | breaches in data security or other disturbances to our information technology networks and operations; • | our ability to keep pace with developments in technology; • | our ability to generate sufficient cash to service all of our indebtedness or to obtain additional financing if necessary; • | volatility or disruptions in the global credit and financial markets; • | the adverse impacts of compliance or legal matters; • | additional, trade, financial or economic sanctions; • | litigation; • | the application of, or amendments to, existing tax laws, rules or regulations or enactment of new tax laws, rules or regulations; • | the closing of the secured revolving credit facility; and • | other risk factors discussed under “Risk Factors.” These risks and others described under “Risk Factors” are not exhaustive. Other sections of this prospectus describe
additional factors that could adversely affect our results of operations, financial condition, liquidity and the development of the industries in which we operate. New risks can emerge from time to time, and it is not possible for us to predict all
such risks, nor can we assess the impact of all such risks on our business or the extent to which any risks, or combination of risks and other factors, may cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in any forward-looking
statements. Given these risks and uncertainties, you should not rely on forward-looking statements as a prediction of actual results. Accordingly, you should read this prospectus completely and with the understanding that our actual future results may be
materially different from what we expect. Except as required by law, we assume no obligation to update or revise these forward-looking statements for any reason, even if new information becomes available in the future. You should, however, review
the factors and risks we describe in the reports we will file from time to time with the SEC after the date of this prospectus. See “Where You Can Find More Information.” 67 Table of Contents USE OF PROCEEDS We estimate that our net proceeds from the sale of the ordinary shares that we are offering will be approximately
$245.5 million, after deducting underwriting discounts and commissions and estimated offering expenses payable by us. We will not receive any proceeds from the sale of ordinary shares by the selling shareholders in this offering. The principal purposes of this offering are to increase our capitalization and financial flexibility and to create a public
market for our ordinary shares. We intend to use a portion of the net proceeds from this offering to satisfy tax
withholding and remittance obligations related to the RSU Net Settlement. Based on the initial public offering price of $24.00 per ordinary share, 16,251,664 ordinary shares issuable upon the vesting and settlement of outstanding RSUs for which all
vesting conditions will be met upon the consummation of this offering and an assumed 33% tax withholding rate, we would use approximately $139.0 million of the net proceeds for this offering to satisfy tax withholding and remittance obligations
related to the vesting and settlement of outstanding RSUs for which all vesting conditions will be met upon the consummation of this offering. We intend to use the remaining net proceeds from this offering for general corporate purposes, including working capital,
operating expenses and capital expenditures. We may also use a portion of the net proceeds to make acquisitions or investments, although we do not have agreements or commitments for any material acquisitions or investments at this time. The expected use of net proceeds from this offering represents our intentions based upon our present plans and business
conditions. We cannot predict with certainty all of the particular uses for the proceeds of this offering or the amounts that we will actually spend on the uses set forth above. Accordingly, our management will have broad discretion in applying the
net proceeds of this offering. The timing and amount of our actual expenditures will be based on many factors, including cash flows from operations and the anticipated growth of our business. Pending their use, we intend to invest the net proceeds
of this offering in a variety of capital-preservation investments, including short- and intermediate-term investments, interest-bearing investments, investment-grade securities, government securities and money market funds. 68 Table of Contents DIVIDEND POLICY We currently intend to retain any future earnings for use in the operation of our business and do not intend to declare or pay
any cash dividends in the foreseeable future. Any further determination to pay dividends on our share capital will be at the discretion of our board of directors, subject to applicable laws, and will depend on our financial condition, results of
operations, capital requirements, general business conditions and other factors that our board of directors considers relevant. Under Bermuda law, a company may not declare or pay a dividend if there are reasonable grounds to believe that: (1) the
company is, or would after the payment be, unable to pay its liabilities as they become due or (2) the realizable value of its assets would thereby be less than its liabilities. Any dividends we declare will be distributed such that a holder of
one ordinary share will receive the same amount of dividends that are received by a holder of one special share. We will not declare any dividend with respect to our ordinary shares without declaring a dividend on our special shares, and vice versa. Because we are a holding company, our ability to pay dividends also depends on our receipt of cash dividends from our
operating subsidiaries, which may be restricted in their ability to pay dividends as a result of the laws of their respective jurisdictions of organization, agreements of our subsidiaries or covenants under any existing and future outstanding
indebtedness we or our subsidiaries incur. In particular, the ability of our subsidiaries to distribute cash to us to pay dividends is limited by covenants in our debt instruments and may be further restricted by the terms of any future debt or
preferred securities. For the year ended December 31, 2021, we paid $128.8 million in dividends, of which
$77.6 million related to dividends to the holders of our Series C Preference Shares and $51.2 million related to dividends to the holders of our ordinary shares, special shares and preference shares. For the year ended December 31, 2022, we paid $131.5 million in dividends, of which $85.0 million related to
dividends to the holders of our Series C Preference Shares and $46.5 million related to dividends to the holders of our ordinary shares, special shares and preference shares. For the year ended December 31, 2023, we paid $134.3 million in dividends, of which $85.0 million related to
dividends to the holders of our Series C Preference Shares and $49.3 million related to dividends to the holders of our ordinary shares, special shares and preference shares. On April 9, 2024, we paid $46.8 million in dividends, of which $28.6 million related to dividends to the holders of our Series
C Preference Shares and $18.2 million related to dividends to the holders of our ordinary shares, special shares and preference shares. 69 Table of Contents CAPITALIZATION The following table presents our cash and capitalization as of December 31, 2023: • | on an actual basis; • | on a pro forma basis, giving effect to (a) the Conversion Event, (b) the net issuance of 10,931,936 ordinary shares in connection with the vesting and settlement of outstanding RSUs as of December 31, 2023 under the 2018 Plan for which all vesting conditions will be met upon the consummation of this offering, after giving effect to the withholding of 5,319,728 ordinary shares to satisfy the estimated tax withholding and remittance obligations (based on the initial public offering price of $24.00 and an assumed 33% weighted average tax withholding rate) and the resulting $139.0 million increase in accrued expenses and other current liabilities and corresponding decrease in shareholders’ equity for these estimated tax withholding and remittance obligations and (c) the 2024 Dividend; and • | on a pro forma as adjusted basis, giving effect to (a) the pro forma items described immediately above and (b) our issuance and sale of 11,000,000 ordinary shares in this offering at the initial public offering price of $24.00 per ordinary share, after deducting the estimated underwriting discounts and commissions, estimated offering expenses payable by us and cash payment of the estimated tax withholding and remittance obligations in connection with the RSU Net Settlement. This table should be read in conjunction with “Use of Proceeds,” “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of
Financial Condition and Results of Operations” and our audited consolidated financial statements and related notes included elsewhere in this prospectus. As of December 31, 2023
Actual | Pro Forma | Pro Forma As Adjusted
(Unaudited) (in thousands except per share amounts)
Cash and cash equivalents | $ | 1,513,713 | $ | 1,466,899 | $ | 1,573,456
Bank loans and financial liabilities | 2,010,392 | 2,010,392 | 2,010,392
Secured notes | 1,015,657 | 1,015,657 | 1,015,657
Unsecured notes | 2,270,246 | 2,270,246 | 2,270,246
Private Placement liabilities (1) | 1,394,552 | — | —
Private Placement derivatives | 2,640,759 | — | —
Shareholders’ equity:
Ordinary shares ($0.01 par value per share; 1,040,000 shares authorized, 94,165 shares issued and outstanding (actual), 1,329,120 shares authorized, 298,004 shares issued and 292,684 outstanding (pro forma), 1,329,120 shares authorized, 309,004 shares issued and 303,684 shares outstanding (pro forma as adjusted)) | 942 | 2,981 | 3,091
Non-Voting Ordinary shares ($0.01 par value per share; 78,000 shares authorized, nil shares issued and outstanding (actual), nil shares authorized, shares issued and outstanding (pro forma), nil shares authorized, issued and outstanding (pro forma as adjusted)) | — | — | — 70 Table of Contents As of December 31, 2023
Actual | Pro Forma | Pro Forma As Adjusted
(Unaudited) (in thousands except per share amounts)
Special shares ($0.01 par value per share; 156,000 shares authorized, 127,771 shares issued and outstanding (actual), 156,000 shares authorized, 127,771 shares issued and outstanding (pro forma), 156,000 shares authorized, 127,771 shares issued and outstanding (pro forma as adjusted)) | 1,278 | 1,278 | 1,278
Preference shares ($0.01 par value per share; 26,000 shares authorized, 3,319 shares issued and outstanding (actual), nil shares authorized, issued and outstanding (pro forma), nil shares authorized, issued and outstanding (pro forma as adjusted)) | 33 | — | —
Share premium | (44,565 | ) | 4,011,791 | 4,256,876
Treasury shares | — | (127,673 | ) | (127,673 | )
Other paid-in equity | 178,492 | 178,329 | 178,329
Other components of equity | 13,435 | 13,435 | 13,435
Retained losses | (5,503,218 | ) | (5,584,232 | ) | (5,584,232 | )
Non-controlling interests | 3,724 | 3,724 | 3,724
Total shareholders’ equity | (5,349,879 | ) | (1,500,367 | ) | (1,255,172 | )
Total capitalization | $ | 3,981,727 | $ | 3,795,928 | $ | 4,041,123 (1) | Private Placement liabilities represent our Series C Preference Shares ($0.01 par value; 185,120,000 shares authorized, 184,267,200 shares issued and outstanding (actual), nil shares authorized, issued and outstanding (pro forma), nil shares authorized, issued and outstanding (pro forma as adjusted)), which are accounted for as financial liabilities due to certain conversion features that are not within our control and can be cash settled. 71 Table of Contents DILUTION If you invest in the ordinary shares in this offering, your investment in us will be immediately diluted to the extent of the
difference between the initial public offering price per ordinary share and the pro forma as adjusted net tangible book value (deficit) per share after this offering. Our historical net tangible book value (deficit) as of December 31, 2023 was $(5,412.0) million, or $(24.39) per share.
We calculate net tangible book value (deficit) per share by taking the amount of our total tangible assets, reduced by the amount of our total liabilities, and then dividing that amount by the total number of ordinary shares and special shares
issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2023. Our pro forma net tangible book value (deficit) as of
December 31, 2023 was $(1,562.5) million, or $(3.72) per share. We calculate pro forma net tangible book value (deficit) per share by taking the amount of our total tangible assets, reduced by the amount of our total liabilities, and then
dividing that amount by the total number of ordinary shares and special shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2023, after giving effect to the Conversion Event, the RSU Net Settlement and the 2024 Dividend. After giving effect to our sale of 11,000,000 ordinary shares in this offering at the initial public offering price of $24.00
per ordinary share, and after deducting underwriting discounts and commissions and estimated offering expenses payable by us, our pro forma as adjusted net tangible book value (deficit) as of December 31, 2023 would have been
$(1,317.3) million, or $(3.05) per share. This represents an immediate increase in pro forma as adjusted net tangible book value of $21.34 per share to our existing shareholders and an immediate dilution in pro forma as adjusted net tangible
book value of $27.05 per share to investors purchasing ordinary shares in this offering at the initial public offering price of $24.00 per ordinary share. The following table illustrates this dilution on a per share basis: Initial public offering price per ordinary share | $ | 24.00
Net tangible book value (deficit) per share as of December 31, 2023 | $ | (24.39 | )
Pro forma decrease in net tangible book value per share | 20.67
Pro forma net tangible book value per share as of December 31, 2023 | (3.72 | )
Increase in pro forma tangible book value (deficit) per share attributable to this offering | $ | 0.67
Pro forma as adjusted net tangible book value (deficit) per share after this offering | (3.05 | )
Dilution in pro forma as adjusted net tangible book value (deficit) per share to investors in this offering | $ | 27.05 Dilution is determined by subtracting pro forma as adjusted net tangible book value (deficit)
per share after this offering from the initial public offering price per ordinary share. The following table summarizes,
as of December 31, 2023, on a pro forma as adjusted basis as described above, the total number of ordinary shares and special shares purchased from us, the total consideration paid to us and the average price per share paid by existing
shareholders and by new investors purchasing ordinary shares 72 Table of Contents in this offering. As the table shows, new investors purchasing ordinary shares in this offering will pay an average price per share substantially higher than our existing shareholders paid. The
table below excludes underwriting discounts and commissions and estimated offering expenses payable by us: Ordinary Shares and Special Shares Purchased | Total Consideration (in thousands) | Average Price per Share
Number | % | Amount | %
Existing shareholders | 420,455,024 | 97.5% | $ | 1,374,784 | 83.9% | $ | 3.27
New investors | 11,000,000 | 2.5% | 264,000 | 16.1% | $ | 24.00
431,455,024 | 100.0% | $ | 1,638,784 | 100.0% Sales by the selling shareholders in this offering will reduce the number of ordinary shares
and special shares held by existing shareholders to 367,413,356, or approximately 85.2% of the total number of ordinary shares and special shares issued and outstanding after this offering, and will increase the number of ordinary shares and special
shares held by new investors to 64,041,668 or approximately 14.8% of the total number of ordinary shares and special shares issued and outstanding after this offering. Except as otherwise indicated, the above discussion and tables assume no exercise of the underwriters’ option to purchase
additional shares. If the underwriters exercise in full their option to purchase additional shares, our existing shareholders would own 82.9% and our new investors would own 17.1% of the total number of ordinary shares and special shares issued and
outstanding after this offering. You may also experience additional dilution upon future equity issuances, including
under the Post-IPO 2018 Plan and the 2024 ESPP, or the exercise or settlement of equity awards granted to our employees, executive officers and directors under the 2018 Plan and any future equity incentive plans or upon the exercise of warrants that
may be outstanding from time to time. 73 Table of Contents MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS The following discussion contains management’s discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of
operations and should be read together with “Prospectus Summary—Summary Consolidated Financial and Other Data” and our audited consolidated financial statements and related notes thereto included elsewhere in this prospectus. The
statements in this discussion regarding industry outlook, our expectations regarding our future performance, liquidity and capital resources and other non-historical statements in this discussion are
forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties, including, but not limited to, the risks and uncertainties described in “Risk Factors” and “Special Note Regarding
Forward-Looking Statements.” Our actual results may differ materially from those contained in or implied by any forward-looking statements. Overview Viking was founded in 1997 with four river vessels and a simple vision that travel could be more destination-focused and
culturally immersive. Today, we have grown into one of the world’s leading travel companies, with a fleet of 92 small, state-of-the-art ships, which we view as floating hotels. From our iconic journeys on the world’s great rivers,
including our new Mississippi River itineraries, to our ocean voyages around the globe and our extraordinary expeditions to the ends of the earth, we offer meaningful travel experiences on all seven continents in all three categories of the cruise
industry—river, ocean and expedition cruising. We launched Viking River in 1997. Seeing unaddressed demand for a
destination-focused product in the ocean cruise market, we launched Viking Ocean in 2015, which has since become our fastest growing segment. Looking beyond our primary source markets, we launched China Outbound for the Mandarin-speaking market in
2016. In 2022, our 25 th year in business, we further expanded our platform with Viking Expedition and Viking Mississippi. Each new product creates additional travel opportunities for past guests
and broadens our platform to attract new guests. Key Factors Affecting Our Results of Operations Key factors that have influenced our results of operations in the past and may also influence results in the future include: Significant Early Bookings —We have historically been able to attain high levels of early bookings. Due to
these bookings, we have insight into levels of guest demand, and can strategically allocate the ships in our fleet to optimize our revenue and Net Yield. For example, we may distribute a greater number of our nearly identical Longships to regions
with higher demand, or manage our capacity by consolidating passengers and taking one or more of our ships out of service to reduce our operating costs. Additionally, the insights into guest demand inform our decisions for future ship commitments
and allow us to coordinate our planned capacity growth with expected future demand. As cruise-related revenue is recognized over the duration of the cruise, our results of operations are affected by strategies we employed during prior periods. For
instance, to obtain early bookings, a significant portion of the selling and administration expenses that we incur in a period supports revenues for future periods, including marketing and employee costs that support the growth of our fleet. We
expect that our ability to attain high levels of early bookings for future seasons will impact our results for future periods. Size of Our Fleet and Occupancy —Our operating results are highly correlated with the number of ships that we
operate during a given period and our Occupancy. If we take delivery of additional ships, our potential Capacity PCDs would increase, which may increase our revenue. In contrast, if we decide to take one or more of our ships out of service, our
Capacity PCDs would decrease, which we expect will lower our revenue. As of December 31, 2023, our fleet consisted of 81 river vessels, including the Viking Mississippi , nine ocean ships and two expedition ships. 74 Table of Contents We strategically manage our fleet by adjusting the number of ships deployed
to a particular region, or in total, to improve Occupancy and efficiently manage operating costs. Our early bookings enable us to best position our fleet of nearly identical ships to meet guest demand. Seasonality —Our results are seasonal because while our ocean, expedition and Mississippi products operate
year-round, the primary cruising season for our river product is from April to October, although some of our river cruises run longer seasons. Additionally, our highest Occupancy occurs during the Northern Hemisphere’s summer months. We
recognize cruise-related revenue over the duration of the cruise and expense our marketing and employee costs when the related costs are incurred. As a result, the majority of our revenue and profits have historically been earned in the second and
third quarters of each year, while the first and fourth quarters of each year have been closer to break even or a loss, as our selling and administration expenses are consistent throughout the year. Though the growth of our fleet of year-round
products will continue to reduce the seasonality in future periods, we expect the seasonality trend of our revenue and profits to continue. Operating costs and expenses —Our operating costs and expenses are dependent on both macroeconomic factors and our
strategic decisions. Inflation may increase our operating costs and expenses in future periods, including costs of labor, fuel and airfare. Inflation generally does not impact our ship commitments that are already under contract as a fixed price has
already been agreed upon. Additionally, as a result of our early bookings, we may not be able to pass on increases in operating costs and expenses, including cost increases from our suppliers and changes in governmental fees and taxes, to our guests
with existing bookings, though we are able to adjust pricing for future bookings. However, as a significant portion of our marketing expenses are discretionary, we are able to strategically deploy our resources based on current market conditions,
our early bookings and other factors. Financial Presentation Description of Certain Line Items Revenue Our revenue consists of: • | Cruise and land, which includes revenue, net of discounts, earned primarily from cruises, air, land excursions, cancellation revenue and travel protection, net; and • | Onboard and other, which primarily consists of revenue related to optional shore excursions, onboard bar revenue, shop revenue and other products offered during a cruise, and services revenue. Expenses Our operating costs and expenses consist of: • | Commissions and transportation costs, which consists of commission payments made to third parties for selling our product and the cost of air and other transportation; • | Direct costs of cruise, land and onboard, which primarily includes cost of land excursions, included shore excursions, optional shore excursions, credit card fees, transfer costs and onboard purchases; • | Vessel operating, which primarily consists of costs to operate the vessels such as staff costs, fuel, food and hotel consumables, port charges, insurance, repair and maintenance, value added taxes, and charter costs for non-lease components; and • | Selling and administration, which primarily consists of costs associated with marketing costs, employee costs, office expenses, professional services and other administration costs. 75 Table of Contents Selected Operational and Financial Metrics, including Non-IFRS Financial Measures We use certain non-IFRS financial measures, such as Adjusted Gross Margin, Net Yield, Adjusted EBITDA and vessel operating expenses excluding fuel to analyze our performance. We utilize Adjusted Gross Margin and Net Yield to
manage our business because these measures reflect revenue earned net of certain direct variable costs. We also present certain non-IFRS financial measures because we believe that they are widely used by
certain investors, securities analysts and other interested parties as supplemental measures of performance and liquidity. Our non-IFRS financial measures have limitations as analytical tools, may not be
comparable to other similarly titled measures of other companies and should not be considered in isolation or as a substitute for analysis of our operating results as reported under IFRS. Adjusted EBITDA represents EBITDA (consolidated net income (loss) adjusted for interest income, interest expense,
income tax benefit (expense) and depreciation, amortization and impairment) as further adjusted for non-cash Private Placement derivative gains and losses, loss on Private Placement refinancing, currency gains
or losses, stock-based compensation expense, and other financial income (loss) (which includes forward gains and losses, gain or loss on disposition of assets, certain non-cash fair value adjustments,
restructuring charges and non-recurring items). Adjusted EBITDA is a non-IFRS financial measure and does not comply with IFRS because it is adjusted to exclude certain
cash and non-cash expenses. You should exercise caution in comparing our Adjusted EBITDA to Adjusted EBITDA of other companies. Capacity Passenger Cruise Days or Capacity PCDs with respect to any given period is a measurement of capacity that
represents, for each ship operating during the relevant period, the number of berths multiplied by the number of Ship Operating Days, determined on an aggregated basis for all ships in operation during the relevant period. Adjusted Gross Margin is gross margin adjusted for vessel operating and ship depreciation and impairment. Gross margin
is calculated pursuant to IFRS as total revenue less total cruise operating expenses and ship depreciation and impairment. Net Yield is Adjusted Gross Margin divided by Passenger Cruise Days. Due to early bookings by our passengers, our Net
Yield for a given reporting period is affected by strategies we employed or events that occurred prior to the sailing year. Occupancy is the ratio, expressed as a percentage, of Passenger Cruise Days to Capacity Passenger Cruise Days with
respect to any given period. Contrary to many of our competitors, we do not allow more than two passengers to occupy a two-berth stateroom. Additionally, we have guests who choose to travel alone and are willing to pay higher prices for single
occupancy in a two-berth stateroom. As a result, our Occupancy cannot exceed 100% and may be less than 100%, even if all our staterooms are booked. Passenger Cruise Days or PCDs is the number of passengers carried for each cruise, with respect to any given period and
for each ship operating during the relevant period, multiplied by the number of Ship Operating Days. Ship Operating
Days is the number of days within any given period that a ship and vessel is in service and carrying cruise passengers, determined on an aggregated basis for all ships and vessels in operation during the relevant period. Vessel operating expenses excluding fuel is vessel operating expenses less fuel expense. 76 Table of Contents Results of Operations Operating results for the years ended December 31, 2021, 2022 and 2023 are shown in the following table. Our historical
results are not necessarily indicative of our future results. Additionally, our historical results for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2022 reflect the impact of COVID-19 on our business. Due to the
worldwide spread of COVID-19, government-imposed travel restrictions and limited access to certain ports, we suspended our worldwide cruise operations beginning March 12, 2020 and we began our phased
relaunch in May 2021. Year Ended December 31,
(in thousands) | 2021 | 2022 | 2023
Consolidated Statements of Operations:
Revenue
Cruise and land | $ | 543,007 | $ | 2,955,872 | $ | 4,383,524
Onboard and other | 82,094 | 220,107 | 326,969
Total revenue | 625,101 | 3,175,979 | 4,710,493
Cruise operating expenses
Commissions and transportation costs | (157,022) | (769,556) | (1,053,874)
Direct costs of cruise, land and onboard | (96,947) | (408,652) | (586,234)
Vessel operating | (458,312) | (974,159) | (1,211,676)
Total cruise operating expenses | (712,281) | (2,152,367) | (2,851,784)
Other operating expenses
Selling and administration | (459,062) | (682,810) | (789,040)
Depreciation, amortization and impairment | (204,407) | (276,513) | (251,311)
Gain on sale of Viking Sun | 75,588 | — | —
Total other operating expenses | (587,881) | (959,323) | (1,040,351)
Operating (loss) income | (675,061) | 64,289 | 818,358
Non-operating income (expense)
Interest income | 1,929 | 14,044 | 48,027
Interest expense | (384,493) | (456,637) | (538,974)
Currency gain (loss) | 5,396 | (35,035) | (20,815)
Private Placement derivatives (loss) gain | (696,102) | 808,523 | (2,007,089)
Loss on Private Placement refinancing | (367,233) | — | —
Other financial income (loss) | 8,352 | 12,236 | (151,469)
(Loss) income before income taxes | (2,107,212) | 407,420 | (1,851,962)
Income tax expense | (5,030) | (8,902) | (6,639)
Net (loss) income | $ | (2,112,242) | $ | 398,518 | $ | (1,858,601)
Other Financial Data:
Adjusted EBITDA (1) | $ | (528,247) | $ | 367,251 | $ | 1,090,322 (1) | Adjusted EBITDA is a non-IFRS financial measure. We present Adjusted EBITDA as a performance measure because we believe it facilitates a comparison of our consolidated operating performance on a consistent basis from period-to-period and provides for a more complete understanding of factors and trends affecting our business than measures under IFRS can provide alone. Adjusted EBITDA has limitations as an analytical tool, and should not be considered in isolation, or as a substitute for an analysis of our results as reported under IFRS. The following table reconciles net (loss) income, the most directly comparable IFRS measure, to Adjusted EBITDA for the years ended December 31, 2021, 2022 and 2023: 77 Table of Contents Year Ended December 31,
(in thousands) | 2021 | 2022 | 2023
Net (loss) income | $ | (2,112,242) | $ | 398,518 | $ | (1,858,601)
Interest income | (1,929) | (14,044) | (48,027)
Interest expense | 384,493 | 456,637 | 538,974
Income tax expense | 5,030 | 8,902 | 6,639
Depreciation, amortization and impairment | 204,407 | 276,513 | 251,311
EBITDA | (1,520,241) | 1,126,526 | (1,109,704)
Private Placement derivatives loss (gain) (a) | 696,102 | (808,523) | 2,007,089
Loss on Private Placement refinancing | 367,233 | — | —
Gain on sale of Viking Sun | (75,588) | — | —
Other financial (income) loss | (14,253) | (11,050) | 154,213
Currency (gain) loss | (5,396) | 35,035 | 20,815
Stock-based compensation expense | 23,896 | 25,263 | 17,909
Adjusted EBITDA | $ | (528,247) | $ | 367,251 | $ | 1,090,322 (a) | Private Placement derivatives loss (gain) represents the non-cash loss (gain) on the remeasurement of the fair value of the derivatives associated with our Series A Preference Shares, Series B Preference Shares and Series C Preference Shares. Our Series A Preference Shares and Series B Preference Shares are no longer outstanding since the issuance of Series C Preference Shares in 2021. Our Series C Preference Shares will automatically convert to ordinary shares immediately prior to the consummation of this offering. The following table sets forth selected statistical and operating data (1) on a consolidated basis, (2) for Viking
River and (3) for Viking Ocean. Due to the impact of COVID-19, certain metrics for 2021 were not meaningful and are indicated with “NM” in the tables below. Year Ended December 31,
2021 | 2022 | 2023
Statistical and Operating Data (Consolidated):
Vessels operated | 53 | 78 | 84
Passengers | 102,121 | 469,935 | 649,669
PCDs | 842,708 | 4,225,598 | 6,069,070
Capacity PCDs | 1,859,410 | 5,389,816 | 6,476,790
Occupancy | 45.3% | 78.4% | 93.7%
Adjusted Gross Margin (1) (in thousands) | $ | 371,132 | $ | 1,997,771 | $ | 3,070,385
Net Yield | NM | $ | 473 | $ | 506
Vessel operating expenses (in thousands) | $ | 458,312 | $ | 974,159 | $ | 1,211,676
Vessel operating expenses excluding fuel (2) (in thousands) | $ | 398,223 | $ | 833,492 | $ | 1,036,969
Vessel operating expenses per Capacity PCD | NM | $ | 181 | $ | 187
Vessel operating expenses excluding fuel per Capacity PCD | NM | $ | 155 | $ | 160
Statistical and Operating Data (Viking River):
Vessels operated | 47 | 67 | 70
Passengers | 52,411 | 289,714 | 366,730
PCDs | 416,103 | 2,330,479 | 2,957,595
Capacity PCDs | 948,940 | 2,910,066 | 3,097,264
Occupancy | 43.8% | 80.1% | 95.5%
Adjusted Gross Margin (1) (in thousands) | $ | 182,488 | $ | 1,069,449 | $ | 1,411,214
Net Yield | NM | $ | 459 | $ | 477
Statistical and Operating Data (Viking Ocean):
Vessels operated | 6 | 8 | 9
Passengers | 49,710 | 162,009 | 243,291
Passenger Cruise Days (PCD) | 426,605 | 1,738,643 | 2,724,241
Capacity PCDs | 910,470 | 2,279,430 | 2,914,620
Occupancy | 46.9% | 76.3% | 93.5%
Adjusted Gross Margin (1) (in thousands) | $ | 153,429 | $ | 801,285 | $ | 1,354,215
Net Yield | NM | $ | 461 | $ | 497 (1) | Adjusted Gross Margin is a non-IFRS financial measure. See “Prospectus Summary—Summary Consolidated Financial and Other Data” for a reconciliation of gross margin, the most directly comparable IFRS measure, to Adjusted Gross Margin, for the years ended December 31, 2021, 2022 and 2023. 78 Table of Contents (2) | Vessel operating expenses excluding fuel is a non-IFRS financial measure. See “Prospectus Summary—Summary Consolidated Financial and Other Data” for a reconciliation of vessel operating expenses, the most directly comparable IFRS measure, to vessel operating expenses excluding fuel for the years ended December 31, 2021, 2022 and 2023. Year Ended December 31, 2023 Compared to Year Ended December 31,
2022 Revenues Consolidated Total revenue for the year ended December 31, 2023 increased by $1,534.5 million, or 48.3%, to
$4,710.5 million from $3,176.0 million in 2022. Cruise and land increased by $1,427.6 million, or 48.3%,
to $4,383.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2023, from $2,955.9 million in 2022. Onboard and other increased by $106.9 million, or 48.6%, to $327.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2023, from $220.1 million in
2022. These increases were due to an increase in the size of our fleet and higher Occupancy in 2023 compared to 2022. During the year ended December 31, 2023, we operated ships and vessels delivered in 2022 for the entire 2023 season. We also
operated additional ships delivered in 2023, including the Viking Saturn and the Viking Aton . Viking River Segment Total revenue for our Viking River segment for the year ended December 31, 2023 increased by $544.8 million, or 30.3%, to
$2,341.3 million from $1,796.5 million for the same period in 2022. For the year ended December 31, 2023, our Occupancy increased compared to 2022. Additionally, our Capacity PCDs increased due to an earlier seasonal launch of our
river fleet in 2023 compared to the 2022 season and the delivery of the Viking Aton . Viking Ocean Segment Total revenue for our Viking Ocean segment for the year ended December 31, 2023 increased by $755.9 million, or
63.6%, to $1,945.2 million from $1,189.3 million for the same period in 2022. During the year ended December 31, 2023, we operated an additional ship, the Viking Saturn , and operated the Viking Neptune for the
full 2023 season, which increased our Capacity PCDs. Additionally, for the year ended December 31, 2023, our Occupancy increased compared to 2022. Operating Cost and Expenses Consolidated Commissions and transportation costs increased by $284.3 million, or 36.9%, to $1,053.9 million for the
year ended December 31, 2023, from $769.6 million in 2022. This increase was due to an increase in the size of our fleet and higher Occupancy in 2023 compared to 2022. During the year ended December 31, 2023, we operated ships and vessels
delivered in 2022 for the entire 2023 season. We also operated additional ships delivered in 2023, including the Viking Saturn and the Viking Aton . Direct costs of cruise, land and onboard increased by $177.5 million, or 43.4%, to $586.2 million for the year ended
December 31, 2023, from $408.7 million in 2022. This increase was due to an increase in the size of our fleet and higher Occupancy in 2023 compared to 2022. During the year ended December 31, 2023, we operated ships and vessels delivered
in 2022 for the entire 2023 season. We also operated additional ships delivered in 2023, including the Viking Saturn and the Viking Aton . Vessel operating increased by $237.5 million, or 24.4%, to $1,211.7 million for the year ended December 31,
2023, from $974.2 million in 2022. This increase was due to an increase in the size of our fleet and 79 Table of Contents higher Occupancy in 2023 compared to 2022. During the year ended December 31, 2023, we operated ships and vessels delivered in 2022 for the entire 2023 season. We also operated additional
ships delivered in 2023, including the Viking Saturn and the Viking Aton . Selling and
administration increased by $106.2 million, or 15.6%, to $789.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2023, from $682.8 million in 2022. The increase was due to a $64.9 million net increase in selling costs, office and other
expenses and professional fees and a $41.3 million increase in employee costs, primarily due to an increase in capacity PCDs for 2023 and future seasons. Depreciation, amortization and impairment decreased by $25.2 million, or 9.1%, to $251.3 million for the year ended
December 31, 2023, from $276.5 million in 2022. The decrease was primarily due to $41.9 million in impairments for river vessels in 2022 related to Russia and Ukraine river vessels, the Viking Prestige and the Viking
Legend , and a $2.0 million net decrease in depreciation and amortization related to intangible assets, other fixed assets and right-of-use (“ROU”) lease assets. These decreases were partially offset by an $18.7 million increase in
depreciation primarily due to new vessels and ships delivered in 2023 and 2022, net of a decrease in depreciation related to older vessels and ships. The drivers of changes in operating costs and expenses for our Viking River and Viking Ocean segments are the same as those
described for our consolidated results. As a result of the foregoing, operating income was $818.4 million for the
year ended December 31, 2023, compared to $64.3 million in 2022. Non-operating Income (Expense) Net interest expense increased by $48.3 million to $490.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2023, from
$442.6 million in 2022. The increase was primarily due to non-recurring charges of $48.0 million for the loss on early extinguishment of VCL’s 13.000% Senior Secured Notes due 2025 (the
“2025 Secured Notes”), a $33.6 million increase in interest expense primarily related to VCL’s 9.125% Senior Notes due 2031 (the “2031 VCL Notes”) issued in 2023, a $25.3 million increase in interest expense related to
loans and financial liabilities drawn in connection with ships delivered in 2022 and 2023, a $10.7 million increase in interest expense related to lease liabilities and a net $9.3 million increase in interest expense primarily related to
increases in variable interest rates for vessel and ship financing and other interest expense. These increases were partially offset by a $44.6 million decrease in interest expense related to the extinguishment of the 2025 Secured Notes in 2023
and a $34.0 million increase in interest income. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2023, interest expense
included $94.2 million and $94.8 million, respectively, related to the Series C Preference Shares. All outstanding Series C Preference Shares will automatically convert into ordinary shares immediately prior to the consummation of this offering. Currency loss decreased by $14.2 million to $20.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2023, from
$35.0 million in 2022. The loss was primarily due to unrealized losses for the €316.6 million Viking Neptune and €316.6 million Viking Saturn loans, which are both payable in euros and adjusted for currency
translation, and net unrealized currency losses from bank accounts held in foreign currencies and cost accruals, denominated in euros. Private Placement derivatives gain (loss) decreased by $2,815.6 million to a loss of $2,007.1 million
for the year ended December 31, 2023, from a gain of $808.5 million in 2022. The $2,007.1 million loss on remeasurement of the Private Placement derivative was primarily due to an increase in the fair value of the Series C Private
Placement derivative. The increase in the fair value of the Series C Private Placement derivative was due to an increase in the fair value of equity, which was primarily as a result of changes to forecasted future cash flows and decreases in the
discount rate and market interest rates, offset by changes in the forward EUR/USD 80 Table of Contents curve. Our Series C Preference Shares will automatically convert to ordinary shares immediately prior to the consummation of this offering, and upon conversion to ordinary shares, the Private
Placement derivative will no longer be outstanding. Other financial income (loss) decreased by
$163.7 million to a loss of $151.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2023, from income of $12.2 million in 2022. The decrease was primarily due to an increase in the fair value of the warrant liability in 2023 compared to a
decrease in 2022. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2023, we recognized a gain of $40.6 million and a loss of $107.7 million, respectively, on remeasurement of the warrant liability. The remaining decrease was due to a loss of $40.6
million on remeasurement of the 2025 Secured Notes embedded derivative, which included a $7.3 million loss on remeasurement of the 2025 Secured Notes embedded derivative and a $33.3 million loss to derecognize the 2025 Secured Notes embedded
derivative, compared to a $27.0 million loss on remeasurement of the 2025 Secured Notes embedded derivative in 2022. Income tax expense decreased by $2.3 million to $6.6 million for the year ended December 31,
2023, from $8.9 million in 2022. The decrease between periods relates to foreign local taxes as well as temporary differences between book and tax and changes in deferred tax assets and liabilities. Net Income (Loss) Net income (loss) decreased by $2,257.1 million to a net loss of $1,858.6 million for the year ended
December 31, 2023, from net income of $398.5 million in 2022. The decrease was primarily due to a $2,007.1 million loss on remeasurement of the Private Placement derivative in 2023 compared to an $808.5 million gain on
remeasurement of the Private Placement derivative in 2022, partially offset by a $754.1 million increase in operating income due to the various factors described above. Year Ended December 31, 2022 Compared to Year Ended December 31, 2021 Revenues Consolidated Total revenue for the year ended December 31, 2022 increased by $2,550.9 million to $3,176.0 million from
$625.1 million in 2021. Cruise and land increased by $2,412.9 million to $2,955.9 million for the year
ended December 31, 2022, from $543.0 million in 2021. The increase was due to the operation of substantially all of our fleet and higher Occupancy in 2022 compared to 2021. Due to the COVID-19 pandemic, we operated about half of our river fleet and our full fleet of six ocean ships at the peak of operations in 2021. In addition, during 2022, two new ocean ships, two river vessels, two expedition ships and the Viking Mississippi began operations. Onboard and other increased by $138.0 million to $220.1 million for the year ended
December 31, 2022, from $82.1 million in 2021. The increase was due to the operation of substantially all of our fleet and higher Occupancy in 2022 compared to 2021. In addition, during 2022, two new ocean ships, two river vessels, two
expedition ships and the Viking Mississippi began operations. In 2021, as part of our relaunch of operations, we operated a smaller fleet at lower Occupancy. The increase was partially offset by a decrease in revenue related to services
provided to CMV, the entity of the China JV Investment that we do not consolidate. Viking River Segment Total revenue for our Viking River segment for the year ended December 31, 2022 increased by $1,457.3 million to $1,796.5
million from $339.2 million in 2021. The increase was due to the operation of substantially all of our river fleet and higher Occupancy in 2022 compared to 2021. Due to the COVID-19 pandemic, we operated about half of our river fleet at the peak of
operations in 2021. In addition, during 2022, two new river vessels began operations. 81 Table of Contents Viking Ocean Segment Total revenue for our Viking Ocean segment for the year ended December 31, 2022 increased by $938.8 million to $1,189.3 million
from $250.5 million in 2021. The increase was due to the operation of our entire ocean fleet of eight ships, which included two new ocean ships delivered in 2022, and higher Occupancy in 2022 compared to 2021. In 2021, as part of our relaunch of
operations, we operated a fleet of six ocean ships at lower Occupancy. Operating Cost and Expenses Consolidated Commissions and transportation costs increased by $612.6 million to $769.6 million for the year ended
December 31, 2022, from $157.0 million in 2021. The increase was due to the operation of substantially all of our fleet and higher Occupancy in 2022 compared to 2021. In addition, during 2022, two new ocean ships, two river vessels, two
expedition ships and the Viking Mississippi began operations. In 2021, as part of our relaunch of operations, we operated a smaller fleet at lower Occupancy. Direct costs of cruise, land and onboard increased by $311.8 million to $408.7 million for the year ended
December 31, 2022, from $96.9 million in 2021. The increase was due to the operation of substantially all of our fleet and higher Occupancy in 2022 compared to 2021. In addition, during 2022, two new ocean ships, two river vessels, two
expedition ships and the Viking Mississippi began operations. In 2021, as part of our relaunch of operations, we operated a smaller fleet at lower Occupancy. Vessel operating increased by $515.9 million to $974.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, from
$458.3 million in 2021. The increase was due to the operation of substantially all of our fleet and higher Occupancy in 2022 compared to 2021. In addition, during 2022, two new ocean ships, two river vessels, two expedition ships and the Viking Mississippi began operations. In 2021, as part of our relaunch of operations, we operated a smaller fleet at lower Occupancy. Selling and administration increased by $223.7 million, or 48.7%, to $682.8 million for the year ended
December 31, 2022, from $459.1 million in 2021. Of the total increase, $137.0 million was due to a net increase in selling costs, office and other expenses and professional fees, and $86.7 million was due to an increase in
employee costs during the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to lower expenditures during 2021 while our cruise operations were gradually resuming. Depreciation, amortization and impairment increased by $72.1 million, or 35.3%, to $276.5 million for the year ended
December 31, 2022, from $204.4 million in 2021. The increase was primarily due to $41.9 million in impairments for river vessels in 2022. In 2022, we cancelled all sailings on our river vessels in Russia and Ukraine as a result of the
Russia-Ukraine conflict and recognized a $28.6 million impairment due to these cancellations and the uncertainty of future operations in these regions. We also recognized $13.3 million in impairment for two other river vessels, the Viking Prestige and the Viking Legend. Additionally, $18.2 million of the increase in depreciation was due to vessel and ship deliveries in 2022 and 2021, net of a decrease in depreciation related to older vessels and ships. The
remaining increase was due to a $12.0 million net increase in depreciation and amortization related to intangible assets, office equipment, other fixed assets and ROU lease assets. Gain on sale of Viking Sun was $75.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. We sold the Viking
Sun to CMV, a related party, in April 2021. The drivers of changes in operating costs and expenses for our Viking
River and Viking Ocean segments are the same as those described for our consolidated results. As a result of the
foregoing, operating (loss) income was income of $64.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to a loss of $675.1 million in 2021. 82 Table of Contents Non-operating Income (Expense) Net interest expense increased by $60.0 million to $442.6 million for the year ended December 31,
2022, from $382.6 million in 2021. The increase was primarily due to a $25.7 million increase in interest expense related to loans and financial liabilities drawn in connection with ships delivered in 2021 and 2022. Additionally, there was
a $13.3 million increase in interest expense, primarily related to increases in interest related to lease liabilities and increases in variable interest rates for vessel financing, and a $11.3 million increase in interest expense related
to the additional principal amount of $150.0 million in VCL’s 7.000% Senior Unsecured Notes due 2029 (the “2029 Unsecured Notes”) issued in October 2021. Additionally, there was a $24.7 million net increase in interest expense related to Private Placement liabilities due to
a $14.7 million gain in 2021 as a result of the change in expectations in 2021 of whether dividends would be paid in cash or in-kind. Our Series C Preference Shares will automatically convert into
ordinary shares immediately prior to the consummation of this offering. These increases were partially offset by a
$12.1 million increase in interest income and a $2.9 million decrease in interest expense related to the financial liability to the Viking Sun , which was sold in the second quarter of 2021. Currency gain (loss) decreased by $40.4 million to a loss of $35.0 million for the year ended December 31,
2022, from a gain of $5.4 million in 2021. The loss was primarily due to unrealized losses from the €316.6 million loan related to the delivery of the Viking Neptune , which is payable in EUR and adjusted for currency
translation and bank accounts held in foreign currencies, cost accruals, denominated in euros, partially offset by realized currency gains due to payments for operating costs and vendor payments incurred in non-U.S. dollar denominations. Private Placement derivatives gain (loss)
increased by $1,504.6 million to a gain of $808.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, from a loss of $696.1 million in 2021. The $808.5 million gain on remeasurement of the Private Placement derivative was
primarily due to a decrease in the fair value of the Series C Private Placement derivative. The decrease in the fair value of the Series C Private Placement derivative was due to a decrease in the fair value of equity, which was primarily as a
result of changes to forecasted future cash flows and increases in the discount rate due to increases in market interest rates, offset by changes in the forward EUR/USD curve reflecting forecasted strengthening of the U.S. dollar. Our Series C
Preference Shares will automatically convert to ordinary shares immediately prior the consummation of this offering, and upon conversion to ordinary shares, the Private Placement derivative will no longer be outstanding. Loss on Private Placement refinancing was a non-recurring loss of $367.2 million
during the year ended December 31, 2021 related to: (1) the difference between (a) the fair value of the Series C Private Placement liability and Series C Private Placement derivative at closing and (b) the aggregate carrying
values of Series A and Series B Private Placement liabilities and derivatives, and cash received, and (2) direct transaction costs. Other financial income increased by $3.8 million to $12.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, from
$8.4 million in 2021. The increase was primarily due to a decrease in the fair value of the warrant liability in 2022 compared to an increase in 2021 partially offset by a decrease in the fair value of certain redemption features of the 2025
Secured Notes in 2022, compared to an increase in 2021. Income tax expense increased by $3.9 million to
$8.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, from $5.0 million in 2021. The increase between periods relates to foreign local taxes as well as temporary differences between book and tax and changes in deferred tax assets and
liabilities. Net (Loss) Income Net loss decreased by $2,510.7 million to net income of $398.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2022,
from a net loss of $2,112.2 million in 2021. The decrease was primarily due to an $808.5 million gain on remeasurement of the Private Placement derivatives in 2022 compared to $696.1 million in losses on 83 Table of Contents remeasurement of the Private Placement derivatives in 2021 and the loss on Private Placement refinancing of $367.2 million in 2021, and a $739.4 million decrease in operating loss due
to the various factors described above. Unaudited Quarterly Results of Operations The following tables set forth unaudited quarterly condensed consolidated statements of operations and statistical and
operating data for each of the quarters in the year ended December 31, 2023. The information for each of these quarters has been prepared on the same basis as the audited annual consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this
prospectus and, in the opinion of management, includes all adjustments, which consist only of normal recurring adjustments, necessary for the fair presentation of the results of operations for these periods. This data should be read in conjunction
with our consolidated financial statements, related notes and other financial information included elsewhere in this prospectus. These quarterly results are not necessarily indicative of our operating results for any future period. Three Months Ended
March 31, 2023 | June 30, 2023 | September 30, 2023 | December 31, 2023
(in thousands)
Consolidated Statements of Operations:
Revenue
Cruise and land | $ | 583,877 | $ | 1,355,701 | $ | 1,402,252 | $ | 1,041,694
Onboard and other | 45,117 | 99,070 | 104,546 | 78,236
Total revenue | 628,994 | 1,454,771 | 1,506,798 | 1,119,930
Cruise operating expenses
Commissions and transportation costs | (138,523) | (328,544) | (337,892) | (248,915)
Direct costs of cruise, land and onboard | (74,755) | (178,938) | (188,155) | (144,386)
Vessel operating | (263,209) | (324,861) | (317,387) | (306,219)
Total cruise operating expenses | (476,487) | (832,343) | (843,434) | (699,520)
Other operating expenses
Selling and administration | (205,670) | (195,649) | (188,252) | (199,469)
Depreciation and amortization | (62,699) | (63,311) | (62,807) | (62,494)
Total other operating expenses | (268,369) | (258,960) | (251,059) | (261,963)
Operating (loss) income | (115,862) | 363,468 | 412,305 | 158,447
Non-operating income (expense)
Interest income | 8,804 | 10,029 | 12,607 | 16,587
Interest expense | (123,593) | (173,334) | (122,873) | (119,174)
Currency (loss) gain | (3,441) | (11,541) | 21,096 | (26,929)
Private Placement derivatives gain (loss) | 39,159 | 27,101 | (1,494,781) | (578,568)
Other financial (loss) income | (16,566) | (23,707) | (68,475) | (42,721)
(Loss) income before income taxes | (211,499) | 192,016 | (1,240,121) | (592,358)
Income tax (expense) benefit | (2,868) | (1,962) | 1,929 | (3,738)
Net (loss) income | $ | (214,367) | $ | 190,054 | $ | (1,238,192) | $ | (596,096)
Statistical and Operating Data (Consolidated):
Vessels operated | 71 | 82 | 84 | 84
Passengers | 79,630 | 202,854 | 207,425 | 159,760
PCDs | 841,263 | 1,797,017 | 1,890,785 | 1,540,005
Capacity PCDs | 906,606 | 1,900,496 | 1,992,534 | 1,677,154
Occupancy | 92.8% | 94.6% | 94.9% | 91.8%
Adjusted Gross Margin (1) (in thousands) | $ | 415,716 | $ | 947,289 | $ | 980,751 | $ | 726,629
Net Yield | $ | 494 | $ | 527 | $ | 519 | $ | 472 (1) | Adjusted Gross Margin is a non-IFRS financial measure. Management believes this is a relevant measure of our performance because it reflects revenue earned net of certain direct variable costs. Adjusted Gross Margin has limitations as an analytical tool, and should not be 84 Table of Contents considered in isolation, or as a substitute for an analysis of our results as reported under IFRS. The following table reconciles gross margin, the most directly comparable IFRS measure, to Adjusted Gross Margin for each of the three months ended March 31, June 30, September 30 and December 31, 2023, on a consolidated basis. Three Months Ended
March 31, 2023 | June 30, 2023 | September 30, 2023 | December 31, 2023
Consolidated
(in thousands)
Total revenue | $ | 628,994 | $ | 1,454,771 | $ | 1,506,798 | $ | 1,119,930
Total cruise operating expenses | (476,487) | (832,343) | (843,434) | (699,520)
Ship depreciation | (54,390) | (55,145) | (54,840) | (54,744)
Gross margin | 98,117 | 567,283 | 608,524 | 365,666
Ship depreciation | 54,390 | 55,145 | 54,840 | 54,744
Vessel operating | 263,209 | 324,861 | 317,387 | 306,219
Adjusted Gross Margin | $ | 415,716 | $ | 947,289 | $ | 980,751 | $ | 726,629 Liquidity and Capital Resources Liquidity Management Our liquidity requirements arise primarily from the need to fund working capital and capital expenditures for the expansion,
refurbishment and maintenance of our fleet and to repay debt. Historically, we have obtained financing of up to 80% of our newbuild contract prices and issued debt and equity to finance our cash needs and the growth of our business. Additionally, we
collect significant deposits from bookings, which are recorded as deferred revenue and are recognized as revenue generally pro rata over the cruise period. Following the completion of this offering, we expect to enter into a $375 million secured
revolving credit facility to be provided by a syndicate of lenders. See “Summary—Recent Developments—Credit Agreement” for more information. As of December 31, 2023, we had $1,513.7 million in cash and cash equivalents
and a working capital deficit of $2,011.3 million. The working capital deficit included $3,486.6 million of deferred revenue. We believe existing cash and cash equivalents and cash flows from operations and financing activities will
continue to be sufficient to fund our operating activities and cash commitments for at least the next 12 months. Our liquidity requirements depend on a number of factors, many of which are beyond our control, as further described in the “Risk
Factors” section of this prospectus. Our liquidity requirements also include operating expenses, which have been
impacted by elevated levels of inflation. We closely monitor costs and are cost conscious in managing our operations. We may work with multiple suppliers or source items from different markets to take advantage of cost competition. We may also look
for opportunities to thoughtfully substitute lower cost alternatives, without compromising the quality of the guest experience. Where we anticipate elevated costs may be more sustained, we may enter into contracts with suppliers to lock in rates,
such as for our river fuel. We are also strategic in the duration of our contracts to provide flexibility to take advantage of cost declines when they occur. We collect a significant amount of deposits for cruise bookings from our customers well in advance of their cruise dates.
Credit card and electronic transfer transactions that process in less than 21 days are classified as cash and cash equivalents. Other credit card receivables and deposits are included in accounts and other receivables and prepaid expenses and other
current assets. We rely on multiple credit card processors for collection of customer funds for future cruises. Credit card processors can limit the funds they remit to us if they determine that they need to increase their reserve requirements on
credit card processing activities, which could reduce our cash and cash equivalents and negatively impact our liquidity position. Since 2020, when we have cancelled sailings, guests have generally had the option to receive either a refund in cash for 100%
of monies paid to us or a Premium Cruise Voucher with a face value of up to 125% of monies paid. Premium Cruise Vouchers can generally be applied to a new booking for up to two years from the voucher 85 Table of Contents issuance date (or longer, if the expiration date is extended) and any unused Premium Cruise Vouchers are refundable for the original amount paid upon expiration. In addition, in the event of
travel uncertainty, we may temporarily update our cancellation policies to give our guests the option to receive a Risk Free Voucher, instead of incurring cancellation penalties. For example, in response to the COVID-19 pandemic, we temporarily
updated our cancellation policies for bookings made through June 30, 2022 to give our guests the option to cancel cruises closer to the date of departure and receive Risk Free Vouchers instead of incurring cancellation penalties. Upon issuance, the Premium Cruise Vouchers and Risk Free Vouchers are included in deferred revenue for amounts equal to money
paid. We recognize revenue over the cruise period to which Premium Cruise Vouchers or Risk Free Vouchers are applied, with a corresponding decrease to deferred revenue. Expired Premium Cruise Vouchers will be refunded to guests in cash, with a
corresponding decrease in deferred revenue. Beginning with the return to operations, we recognize cruise revenue for Risk Free Vouchers that we estimate will expire unused over the redemption period for these vouchers. Sources and Uses of Cash Set forth below is a summary of our cash flows for the years ended December 31, 2021, 2022 and 2023: Year Ended December 31,
2021 | 2022 | 2023
(in thousands)
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows Data:
Net cash flow from operating activities | $ | 701,543 | $ | 372,665 | $ | 1,371,331
Net cash flow used in investing activities | (675,534) | (841,502) | (634,227)
Net cash flow from (used in) financing activities | 963,445 | (80,933) | (479,651)
Change in cash and cash equivalents | 989,454 | (549,770) | 257,453
Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents | (2,548) | (9,863) | 3,120
Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents | $ | 986,906 | $ | (559,633) | $ | 260,573 Net Cash Flow from Operating Activities Net cash flow from operating activities increased by $998.6 million to $1,371.3 million for the year ended
December 31, 2023, compared to $372.7 million in 2022. The increase in cash flow from operating activities was primarily due to a $754.1 million increase in operating income. Additionally, cash inflows from deferred revenue increased by
$335.2 million. Other changes primarily relate to timing differences in cash receipts and payments relating to various operating assets and liabilities. Net cash flow from operating activities decreased by $328.8 million to $372.7 million for the year ended
December 31, 2022, compared to $701.5 million in 2021. The decrease in cash flow from operating activities was primarily due to a $1,625.0 million decrease in cash inflows from deferred revenue primarily due to the operation of
substantially all of our fleet in 2022, compared to cash collections from customers during our temporary suspension of operations and phased relaunch of operations in 2021. This decrease was partially offset by a $639.6 million increase in net
(loss) income, net of non-cash activity related to the remeasurement of the fair value of the Series C Private Placement derivative and the loss on the Private Placement refinancing in 2021. Other changes
primarily relate to timing differences in cash receipts and payments relating to various operating assets and liabilities. Net Cash Flow used in Investing Activities Net cash flow used in investing activities decreased by $207.3 million to $634.2 million for the year ended
December 31, 2023, compared to $841.5 million in 2022. The decrease was primarily due to a $281.0 million 86 Table of Contents decrease in capital expenditures and a $31.5 million increase in interest received, partially offset by a non-recurring cash inflow for $100.0 million
related to the settlement of a short-term investment in 2022. Net cash flow used in investing activities increased by
$166.0 million to $841.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to $675.5 million in 2021. Net cash flow used in investing activities for the year ended December 31, 2021 included $400.0 million in
proceeds from the sale of the Viking Sun . Additionally, there was a $200.0 million decrease related to the settlement of a $100.0 million short-term investment in 2022 which was purchased in 2021, and an $18.0 million decrease
due to capital contributions made in 2021 related to our investment in CMV. Net Cash Flow from (used in) Financing
Activities Net cash flow used in financing activities increased by $398.8 million to
$479.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2023, compared to $80.9 million in 2022. The increase was primarily due to $736.1 million in higher loan repayments primarily as a result of the early extinguishment of the 2025
Secured Notes, $32.9 million in penalties paid primarily related to the early extinguishment of the 2025 Secured Notes and $11.8 million in higher payments for lease liabilities. These increases were partially offset by an increase in
proceeds from borrowings, net of transactions costs, of $391.0 million, related to the issuance of the 2031 VCL Notes, and the debt drawdown upon the delivery of the Viking Saturn in 2023, compared to the debt drawdown upon the delivery
of the Viking Mars and the Viking Neptune in 2022. Net cash flow from (used in) financing activities
decreased by $1,044.3 million to an outflow of $80.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to an inflow of $963.4 million in 2021. The decrease was primarily due to $699.0 million related to the issuance of
the Series C Preference Shares in 2021 and a decrease in proceeds from borrowings, net of transaction costs, of $635.8 million, related to the debt drawdown upon the delivery of the Viking Mars and the Viking Neptune in 2022,
compared to the issuance of the 2029 Secured Notes, the 2029 Unsecured Notes and debt drawdowns upon the delivery of the Viking Octantis and two river vessels in 2021, and an increase of $59.4 million in interest paid. These decreases
were partially offset by a $200.0 million paid for the repurchase of shares from Viking Capital in 2021 and $160.8 million in lower loan repayments due to the conclusion of the deferred tranche activities. Debt Obligations and Material Capital Commitments The table below summarizes our significant short-term and long-term liquidity and capital resource needs, including principal
and interest payments for debt and financial liabilities, shipbuilding obligations and vessel and ship charter obligations, based on contractual undiscounted cash flows as of December 31, 2023, assuming a euro to U.S. dollar exchange rate
of 1.10: Total | 1 Year or less | 1 - 3 Years | 3 - 5 Years | Over 5 years
(in thousands)
Debt obligations | $ | 5,426,561 | $ | 270,888 | $ | 681,527 | $ | 1,842,565 | $ | 2,631,581
Interest to be paid | 1,758,378 | 324,835 | 575,964 | 464,004 | 393,575
Shipbuilding obligations | 3,025,350 | 430,261 | 1,314,971 | 1,280,118 | —
Vessel and ship charter obligations | 246,277 | 37,462 | 77,619 | 71,707 | 59,489
Total | $ | 10,456,566 | $ | 1,063,446 | $ | 2,650,081 | $ | 3,658,394 | $ | 3,084,645 The table above reflects obligations related to outstanding loan and contracted ship
commitments. Debt obligations are presented gross of loan costs of $130.3 million. Our debt obligations mature at various dates through 2035 and bear interest at fixed and variable rates. Future interest on variable rate debt as of
December 31, 2023 is calculated based upon interest rates ranging from 7.19% to 8.63%. Shipbuilding obligations include purchase commitments for our newbuilds currently under contract as of December 31, 2023. As we make payments towards
our newbuilds, our shipbuilding obligations are reduced. The table above only 87 Table of Contents reflects ship commitments for shipyard newbuilding agreements or amendments that are effective as of December 31, 2023. Vessel and ship charter obligations represent remaining amounts
contractually committed for leased vessels and ships, excluding renewal options not yet exercised. Vessel and ship charter obligations include payments for both asset and service components of the charters. Fees for the service components of the Viking Mississippi charter are subject to change based on actual operating expenses. The table above also excludes the Private Placement liability, related dividends, and the Private Placement derivative as our Series C Preference Shares will
automatically convert into ordinary shares immediately prior to the consummation of this offering, and upon conversion to ordinary shares, the Private Placement liability and Private Placement derivative will no longer be outstanding. The table above reflects our shipbuilding obligations before the impact of financing. For our newbuilding activity, we
typically finance 80% of the contract amount and fund 20% of the contract amount with cash on hand. The financed portion is typically paid to the shipyard on the ship delivery date, while the 20% that we remit directly to the shipyard is paid at
various dates leading up to the ship delivery date based on the shipbuilding contract. We use a variety of instruments to finance our ships, including bank facilities, charter finance agreements or notes, but in each instance the financed portion is
secured by the underlying ships. As our fleet grows, we often incur indebtedness for new ships prior to recognizing revenue on the new ships. See Note 14 in the audited consolidated financial statements for further information about our debt
obligations. In the first quarter of 2024, we amended the newbuilding contracts for the eight Longships and two
Longships—Seine scheduled for delivery in 2025 and 2026, which reduced the purchase price of each vessel by €1.5 million ($1.7 million, assuming a euro to U.S. dollar exchange rate of 1.10), changed the timing and amounts of our
installment payments to the shipyard and accelerated the delivery dates for certain vessels. Consistent with our typical newbuilding activity, we have secured financing for 80% of the contract amount for these vessels which will be available upon
ship delivery, but we will now make installment payments equal to approximately 80% of the contract amount to the shipyard at various dates prior to the ship delivery date. In the first quarter of 2024, we also entered into a shipbuilding contract
for a Longship-type vessel modified for the Douro River for delivery in 2025 for $24.8 million, assuming a euro to U.S. dollar exchange rate of 1.10. In the first quarter of 2024, we amended the shipbuilding contracts to accelerate the delivery
dates for Ship XIV, Ship XV and Ship XVI. Ship XIV, Ship XV and Ship XVI are now scheduled to be delivered in 2026, 2027 and 2028, respectively. If the amendments and new agreements described in this paragraph had been in place as of
December 31, 2023, the shipbuilding obligations line from the table above would have appeared as follows: Total | 1 Year or less | 1 - 3 Years | 3 - 5 Years | Over 5 years
(in thousands)
Shipbuilding obligations | $ | 3,033,601 | $ | 688,094 | $ | 1,492,457 | $ | 853,050 | $ | — We have financial maintenance covenants on certain of our river vessel financings that require
Viking River Cruises Ltd (“VRC”), as guarantor, and Viking River Cruises AG (“VRC AG”), as borrower, to maintain at all times following the first drawdown, an aggregate amount of consolidated free liquidity equal to or greater
than $75.0 million. As defined by the loan, consolidated free liquidity includes cash and cash equivalents, marketable securities and receivables from credit card processors. As of December 31, 2023, VRC and VRC AG were in compliance with
these financial maintenance covenants. Additionally, we are required to maintain $6.5 million in a financial liability deposit at all times throughout the charter period as part of the Viking Orion charter agreement. Newbuilding Program Newbuilds increase our potential number of berths and Capacity PCDs. Each Longship has 190 berths and certain of our river
vessels are Longship-like, but are designed to be able to navigate smaller rivers and have fewer berths. Longships for China Outbound have 182 berths. Each ocean ship has 930 berths and each additional ocean ship will have 998 berths. Each
expedition ship has 378 berths. The Viking Mississippi has 386 berths. 88 Table of Contents We generally have a variety of alternatives to finance our newbuilds. When
we acquire options for newbuilds, we have no contractual or financial obligation to the shipyard until a contract for a newbuild is signed with financing conditions fulfilled or waived. River Newbuilds and Charters We are in the process of building six river vessels that will operate in Egypt, the Viking Hathor , the Viking
Sobek and four additional vessels, and have entered into raw materials agreements for these vessels. We expect these vessels to be delivered between 2024 and 2026. In 2023, we entered into shipbuilding contracts for river vessels outlined below, assuming a euro to U.S. dollar exchange
rate of 1.10. In the first quarter of 2024, we amended these contracts, which reduced the purchase price of each vessel by €1.5 million ($1.7 million, assuming a euro to U.S. dollar exchange rate of 1.10), changed the timing and amount of our
installment payments to the shipyard and accelerated the delivery dates for certain vessels. In the first quarter of
2024, we also entered into a shipbuilding contract for a Longship-type vessel modified for the Douro River for delivery in 2025 for $24.8 million, assuming a euro to U.S. dollar exchange rate of 1.10. We have obtained financing for all ships, other than the Douro vessel, as described below. River Vessels | Number of Vessels | Aggregate Price (in thousands) | Delivery Date
Longships | 4 | $ | 162,800 | 2025
Longships-Seine | 2 | 77,606 | 2025
Longship-Douro | 1 | 24,750 | 2025
Longships | 4 | 162,800 | 2026
Total | 11 | $ | 427,956 In August 2023, we entered into two loan agreements for €167.5 million each to
finance the eight Longships and two Longships-Seine river vessels scheduled for delivery in 2025 and 2026. Euler Hermes Aktiengesellschaft (“Hermes”), which manages the official export credit guarantee scheme on behalf and for the account
of the German Federal Government, has provided guarantees equal to 95% of the loan amounts. The loans are denominated in U.S. dollars and the applicable exchange rate will be based on the prevailing exchange rate two business days prior to the date
of drawdown. These loans have a term of 102 months from the date of drawdown and we may select fixed or variable rate financing prior to each drawdown. VRC and VCL issued corporate guarantees for these loans. We have also secured the following options for additional river vessels: River Vessels – Options | Number of Vessels | Delivery Date | Option Exercise Date
Longships | 4 | 2027 | October 30, 2024
Longships | 4 | 2028 | October 30, 2025 In 2023, we entered into a charter agreement for an 80-berth river vessel, traveling through Vietnam and Cambodia for the 2025 through 2033 sailing seasons. We have an option to extend the charter for two additional seasons. Ocean Newbuilds A summary of the ocean newbuilding program is outlined below, assuming a euro to U.S. dollar exchange rate of 1.10. Each new
ocean ship will have 998 berths. We have obtained financing for all ships, as described below. 89 Table of Contents In January 2024, we amended the shipbuilding contracts to accelerate the
delivery dates for Ship XIV, Ship XV and Ship XVI. Ship XIV, Ship XV and Ship XVI are now scheduled to be delivered in the years 2026, 2027 and 2028, respectively. Ocean Ships | Price (in thousands) | Delivery Date
Viking Vela | $ | 446,050 | 2024
Viking Vesta | 446,050 | 2025
Ship XIII | 501,523 | 2026
Ship XIV | 501,523 | 2026
Ship XV | 517,000 | 2027
Ship XVI | 517,000 | 2028
Total | $ | 2,929,146 In 2021 and 2022, we entered into loan agreements to finance the Viking Vela , the Viking Vesta (previously Ship XII), Ship XIII, Ship XIV, Ship XV and Ship XVI. The loan agreements are for up to 80% of each newbuild’s contract price, including certain change orders and 100% of the Export Credit Agency premium, and
will be available for drawdown in euros or U.S. dollars for the Viking Vela and the Viking Vesta and in U.S. dollars for Ship XIII, Ship XIV, Ship XV and Ship XVI. SACE SpA provided the lenders with an insurance policy covering
100% of the principal and interest of the facility amount. The interest rates for the loans are fixed. The loans are due in 12 years through 24 consecutive, semiannual, equal installments, the first of which is due six months after the drawdown at
delivery. VCL and Viking Ocean Cruises II Ltd have jointly and severally guaranteed these loans. We have also secured the
following options for additional ocean ships: Ocean Ships – Options | Delivery Date | Option Exercise Date
Ship XVII | 2029 | May 30, 2024
Ship XVIII | 2029 | May 30, 2024
Ship XIX | 2030 | May 30, 2025
Ship XX | 2030 | May 30, 2025 In the first quarter of 2024, we entered into an accommodation purchase agreement for all
cabins on select sailings on the Zhao Shang Yi Dun , which is owned and operated by CMV, traveling in China for 72 days in the third and fourth quarters of 2024. We have options to extend the agreement for additional periods in future years. Undrawn Borrowing Facilities We have obtained SACE Financing to finance the Viking Vela , the Viking Vesta , Ship XIII, Ship XIV, Ship XV and
Ship XVI. We have also entered into two loan agreements for €167.5 million each to finance the eight Longships and two Longships-Seine scheduled for delivery in 2025 and 2026. These loan agreements will be drawn down on the delivery of
each ship or vessel. Qualitative and Quantitative Disclosures about Market Risk Risk Management Overview We are exposed to market risks attributable to changes in foreign currency exchange rates, fuel prices, credit risk, taxes and
interest rates. In order to reduce and manage these risks, we periodically review and assess our primary financial market risks. Once risks are identified, action is taken to mitigate specific risks. 90 Table of Contents Foreign Currency Risk The U.S. dollar is our reporting currency as well as the currency in which most of our revenue is generated. A portion of our
revenue is also generated in the British pound, Canadian dollar, Australian dollar and Chinese yuan. For the year ended December 31, 2023, 12.0% of our total revenue was generated in currencies other than the U.S. dollar. Our foreign currency
exposure primarily relates to certain direct costs of cruise, land and onboard, operating expenses and administrative expenses, which are denominated in currencies other than the U.S. dollar. For the year ended December 31, 2023, 31.1% of total
commissions and transportation costs, direct costs of cruise, land and onboard, vessel operating and selling and administration expenses were incurred in currencies other than the U.S. dollar. For these expenses, we estimated that a 10% increase or
decrease in the value of the U.S. dollar against the euro, with all other variables held constant, would have resulted in a $80.3 million effect on our loss before income taxes for the year ended December 31, 2023, not taking into
consideration any hedging activities. Additionally, certain of our loans are denominated in currencies other than the
U.S. dollar, primarily the loans for the Viking Neptune and the Viking Saturn , which are denominated in euros. Based on our outstanding Viking Neptune loan balance as of December 31, 2022 and Viking Neptune and Viking Saturn loan balances as of December 31, 2023, a 10% increase or decrease in the value of the U.S. dollar against the euro, with all other variables held constant, would have resulted in a $33.9 million and
$65.5 million, respectively, decrease or increase on the balance of the bank loans. We manage our exposure to
currency fluctuations through our normal operating and financing activities, including netting certain exposures to take advantage of any natural offsets, such as having some of our operating and financing obligations in U.S. dollars. From time to
time, we enter into forward foreign currency contracts to hedge our euro spending for direct costs of cruise, land and onboard and vessel operating expenses. In 2022, we entered into forward foreign currency contracts to purchase
€235.0 million at an average euro to U.S. dollar rate of 1.05. The forward foreign currency contracts matured at various dates in 2023 and were designated as cash flow hedges for our highly probable forecasted expenditures denominated in
euros for direct costs of cruise, land and onboard and vessel operating expenses in 2023. In 2023, we entered into an additional €470.0 million in forward foreign currency contracts at an average euro to U.S. dollar rate of 1.09. In 2024,
we entered into an additional €250.0 million in forward foreign currency contracts at an average euro to U.S. dollar rate of 1.10, with maturities on various dates in 2025. The forward foreign currency contracts mature at various dates in 2024
and in 2025 and were designated as cash flow hedges for our highly probable forecasted expenditures denominated in euros for direct costs of cruise, land and onboard and vessel operating expenses in 2024 and in 2025. There can be no assurance that
currency agreements will fully mitigate our risk of loss due to adverse foreign exchange rate movements. Fuel Price Risk From time to time, we may use financial instruments to mitigate our exposure to the risk of increases in fuel
prices. We may also enter into fuel swap contracts that limit our exposure to fuel price risk related to our ocean ship fuel consumption. In order to mitigate risks related to fuel prices, we also enter into fixed price fuel contracts for the majority of our
expected river fuel consumption in respect of our European itineraries prior to each season. Fuel costs are expensed as incurred at the fixed price, and the fixed price contract is not marked to market. We may incur fees for unused fuel amounts in
the period of contract, which may be for non-usage or to roll over unused amounts into the following year. In January and April 2024, we entered into contracts for a portion of our river fuel usage in Europe for the 2024 season. The
contract prices are fixed for 40,000 cubic meters and depend on the place of delivery, ranging from $74.80 to $91.50 per 100 liters, excluding taxes. 91 Table of Contents Credit Risk We trade only with third parties that we believe are creditworthy. Receivable balances are monitored on an ongoing basis with
the result that our exposure to bad debts is not significant. Our largest receivables are from highly reputable credit card processors. As we constantly monitor these receivables, the risk of non-collection is
unlikely. Taxes We operate in a variety of countries, which may subject us to tax or provide for exemptions from tax. Our tax is calculated at
current rates on their respective taxable income. Where appropriate, deferred income taxes are determined using the liability method whereby the future expected consequences of temporary differences between the tax bases of assets and liabilities
and their reported amounts in the financial statements are recognized as deferred tax assets and liabilities. In addition to or in place of income taxes, virtually all countries where our ships call impose taxes or fees based on the number of days
sailed within the country or other applicable measures. These indirect taxes or fees are included in vessel operating expenses in our consolidated statements of operations. When we are a pass-through conduit for collecting and remitting taxes to
relevant government authorities, such as sales tax, the effect of such taxes is included in total revenue. Interest Rate Risk Our risk management objective for interest rate risk is to minimize the exposure to variability of cash flows
arising from changes in interest rates. Certain of our financings have variable interest rates, which subject us to interest rate risk. As of December 31, 2023, 10.6% of the principal outstanding on our Total Debt had variable interest rates. Certain of our variable interest rate borrowings used LIBOR. After June 30, 2023, LIBOR was no longer published. The
Alternative Reference Rate Committee, a committee convened by the Federal Reserve, identified the SOFR, a new index calculated by short-term repurchase agreements that is backed by United States Treasury securities, as its preferred alternative rate
for LIBOR. In June 2023, we amended our outstanding loan agreements related to the Hermes Financing. Beginning with the
first interest rate adjustment for each variable rate loan subsequent to June 30, 2023, the variable rate will be based on Term SOFR plus the Credit Adjustment Spread (“CAS”) and a margin. Term SOFR is administered by CME Group
Benchmark Administration Limited. The relevant Credit Adjustment Spread was published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association on March 5, 2021. The margin is determined by the lender, consistent with periods where LIBOR was
published. Additionally, our outstanding Viking Octantis variable rate charter agreement adopted the use of Term SOFR plus the CAS and a margin, beginning September 2023. The transition had no impact on our risk management strategy. Critical Accounting Policies Our management’s discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations is based on our consolidated
financial statements, which we have prepared in accordance with IFRS as issued by the IASB. The preparation of our consolidated financial statements requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and
liabilities and the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the consolidated financial statements, as well as the reported revenues and expenses during the reporting periods. Actual results may differ from these estimates
under different assumptions or conditions. While our significant accounting policies are more fully described in the
notes to our consolidated financial statements appearing elsewhere in this prospectus, we believe that the accounting policies discussed below are critical to our financial results and to the understanding of our past and future performance, as
these policies 92 Table of Contents relate to the more significant areas involving management’s estimates and assumptions. We consider an accounting estimate to be critical if: (1) it requires us to make assumptions
because information was not available at the time or it included matters that were highly uncertain at the time we were making our estimate and (2) changes in the estimate could have a material impact on our financial condition or results of
operations. Private Placement Derivatives As of December 31, 2022 and 2023, the Private Placement liability and the Private Placement derivative related to our
Series C Preference Shares. In all periods presented, our Series A Preference Shares, Series B Preference Shares and Series C Preference Shares are accounted for as financial liabilities as certain conversion features are not within our control and
can be cash settled. The equity conversion features have been bifurcated from the liabilities as derivatives and are carried at fair value, with changes in value recognized in Private Placement derivatives gain (loss) in the consolidated statements
of operations. Our Series C Preference Shares will automatically convert into ordinary shares immediately prior to the consummation of this offerings. In connection with this conversion, the Private Placement derivative and Private Placement
liability will be reclassified to equity. The valuation of the Private Placement derivatives is based on a lattice model
methodology, which takes into consideration enterprise value based on a discounted cash flow model, fair value of debt holdings and various market factors. The valuation is subject to uncertainty because it is measured based on significant
unobservable inputs. The value is sensitive to changes in the volatility and the price of our ordinary shares, which is based on the discounted cash flow model. As of December 31, 2022 and 2023, the Private Placement derivative was
$633.7 million and $2,640.8 million, respectively. The Private Placement derivative is designated as a Level 3 fair value instrument as the fair value is measured based on significant unobservable inputs, including, but not limited
to, ordinary share price, which is based on the discounted cash flow model, and ordinary share volatility. If factors change and different assumptions are used, Private Placement derivatives (loss) gain could be materially different. The sensitivity of the fair value of the Private Placement derivative to changes in ordinary share price and ordinary share
volatility are outlined below: Fair value as of December 31, 2022 | Fair value as of December 31, 2023
Significant unobservable inputs | (in thousands)
Fair Value | $ | 633,670 | $ | 2,640,759
Sensitivity Analysis
Ordinary share price
+ 5% | $ | 694,936 | $ | 2,842,062
- 5% | $ | 561,823 | $ | 2,439,916
Ordinary share volatility
+ 5% | $ | 666,245 | $ | 2,643,261
- 5% | $ | 600,847 | $ | 2,639,454 Fleet Accounting—Useful Lives, Depreciation and Residual Value Our fleet includes vessels and ships, our most significant assets, which we record at cost less accumulated depreciation and
impairment. To compute depreciation expense for our vessels or ships, we estimate the useful lives of the major components of the vessels or ships as well as their residual values. Estimates for useful lives and residual values differ between our
ocean and expedition ships, which are exposed primarily to salt water and generally operate year-round, and our river vessels, which are exposed primarily to fresh water and generally operate for approximately eight to nine months per year.
Depreciation expense for our vessels and ships is computed net of the residual value on a straight-line basis. 93 Table of Contents We estimate the useful lives of our vessel or ship components based on our
estimated period of economic benefit, the seasonal usage of river vessels, the comparable market for ocean and expedition ships, historical experience with river vessels, differences in salt water and freshwater deterioration rates and brokers’
assessments of the useful lives, when available. Given the large and complex nature of our ships, our relatively young fleet and limited market information for river vessels, our accounting estimates related to vessels and ships require considerable
judgment and are inherently uncertain. If factors or circumstances cause us to revise our estimates of vessel or ship service lives or projected residual values, depreciation expense could be materially lower or higher. The estimated useful lives of
our vessel and ship components generally are as follows: River vessels
Hull and superstructure | 40 - 50 years
Machinery | 40 - 50 years
Hotel and restaurant | 10 years
Navigation equipment | 5 years
Ocean and expedition ships
Hull, deck and machinery | 32 years
Interior | 24 years We estimate the residual value of our vessels and ships based on our long-term estimates of
their resale value at the end of their useful life to us but before the end of their physical and economic lives to others, the comparable market for ocean and expedition ships, the historical resale value of our river vessels and the higher resale
value potential of vessels exposed primarily to fresh water. We estimate the residual value of our vessels or ships at approximately 15% to 20% of the original vessel or ship cost. We believe we have made reasonable estimates for vessel and ship accounting purposes. However, should certain factors or
circumstances cause us to revise our estimates of vessel or ship useful lives or projected residual values, depreciation expense could be materially lower or higher. If circumstances cause us to change our assumptions in determining whether vessel
or ship improvements should be capitalized, the amounts we expense each year as repairs and maintenance costs could increase, partially offset by a decrease in depreciation expense. If we had reduced our estimated vessel and ship component useful
lives by one year, depreciation expense for the year ended December 31, 2023 would have increased by approximately $16.9 million. If our vessels and ships were estimated to have no residual value, depreciation expense for the year ended
December 31, 2023 would have increased by approximately $28.6 million. Impairment of Vessels and Ships, Including ROU
Vessel and Ship Assets We review our property, plant and equipment, including ROU assets, principally vessels and
ships, for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value may not be recoverable. We evaluate asset impairment at the lowest level for which there are largely independent cash inflows. Impairment exists when
the carrying value of an asset exceeds its recoverable amount, which is the higher of its fair value less costs of disposal and its value in use. Impairment loss is recognized in depreciation, amortization and impairment in the consolidated
statements of operations. For our vessels and ships, the lowest level for which there are largely independent cash
inflows is generally the individual vessel or ship. We consider that the following factors may be indicators of potential impairment: the decision to lay up a vessel or ship, which is to take a vessel or ship out of service, for more than one
season; the carrying value of a vessel or ship exceeds the broker estimate of the value of the vessel or ship; significant physical damage to a vessel or ship; significant, adverse changes in the yields or booking curves associated with the vessel
or ship; and other general economic factors. The fair value less costs of disposal for vessels and ships may be based on broker estimates. Value in use for vessels or ships is calculated using a discounted cash flow model. The future cash flows are
derived from past actual performance and management’s assessment of future 94 Table of Contents performance for the vessel’s or ship’s remaining useful life under multiple scenarios reflecting variability in possible results. The value in use is sensitive to the discount rate used
for the discounted cash flow model as well as the expected future cash flows. We perform this impairment assessment when there are circumstances that indicate that the carrying value of any of our vessels or ships may not be recoverable. However,
our conclusions may change if factors or circumstances cause us to revise our assumptions in future periods. During the
year ended December 31, 2021, we determined certain indicators of potential impairment had occurred as a result of the impact of COVID-19 on our operations. We performed impairment analyses throughout
2021. For all vessels and ships, the calculated value in use exceeded the carrying value by greater than 20% as of December 31, 2021. For the year ended December 31, 2021, we did not recognize any impairment. We have five river vessels in Russia and one river vessel in Ukraine, which are not Longships and were built prior to 1991. As
a result of the Russia-Ukraine conflict, we cancelled all sailings on these vessels in 2022. These cancellations were an indicator of potential impairment for the Russia and Ukraine vessels during the first quarter of 2022. As of March 31,
2022, we estimated the recoverable amount for the vessels in Russia and Ukraine to be zero, based on the uncertainty of if we will resume operations in Ukraine and when we will resume operations in Russia, uncertainty of the future demand for
cruises in these regions (including consideration that the historical operating results for these vessels were lower than the other river vessels) and that these are the oldest vessels in our fleet. Additionally, as of March 31, 2022, the
estimated fair value less costs of disposal if we sold these vessels was zero. Accordingly, we recognized a $28.6 million impairment in the first quarter of 2022 to decrease the carrying value of these vessels to their estimated values in use
of zero. The impairment is included in depreciation, amortization and impairment in the consolidated statement of operations for the year ended December 31, 2022. In the second quarter of 2022, we entered into a charter agreement for the Viking Legend river vessel, which included a
sale of the vessel at the end of the lease. Based on the terms of the charter agreement, we determined that the carrying value of the Viking Legend exceeded its fair value less costs of disposal. Due to the similarities between the Viking
Legend and the Viking Prestige , including that neither vessel is a Longship and we had a similar strategy for the vessels, we also determined the carrying value of the Viking Prestige exceeded its recoverable amount. Accordingly,
we recognized a $13.3 million impairment in the second quarter of 2022, which is included in depreciation, amortization and impairment in the consolidated statement of operations for the year ended December 31, 2022. We did not identify any impairment indicators related to vessels and ships as of December 31, 2023. For the year ended
December 31, 2023, we did not recognize any impairment loss related to vessels and ships. Recent Accounting Pronouncements See Note 2 to our audited consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this prospectus for recently adopted
accounting pronouncements and recently issued accounting pronouncements not yet adopted as of the date of this prospectus. 95 Table of Contents INDUSTRY Global Luxury Leisure Travel Market We believe strong trends in the global luxury leisure travel market will be constructive to our long-term success. The global
luxury leisure travel market is characterized by high-end experiences, premium accommodations and curated custom experiential itineraries with a focus on comfort. According to Technavio, the global luxury leisure travel market is expected to grow
from $1.4 trillion in 2023 to $1.9 trillion in 2028, representing a CAGR of 7.3%. This growth is fueled by an expectation that consumers will continue to prioritize discretionary spending on experiences versus material items. Supportive Demographic Trends The global luxury leisure travel market attracts an older, wealthier and more resilient demographic. As a result, projected
growth in the 55 years and older population is expected to drive growth in the global luxury leisure travel market. This core demographic is expected to see several favorable trends which are expected to continue to bolster growth: • | Fastest Growing : According to the Congressional Budget Office, the U.S. population aged 55 years and older is expected to grow from 98 million people in 2020 to 110 million people in 2030, representing a CAGR of 1.2% in comparison to a CAGR of 0.5% for the U.S. population aged 54 and younger, making it the fastest growing segment of the population. • | Largest Spending Power : The U.S. population aged 55 years and older comprises 30% of the population, has the largest spending power of any demographic based on annual expenditures and holds over 70% of U.S. wealth as measured by the U.S. Federal Reserve. • | Growing Wealth : The net worth for Americans aged 55 years and older has increased from $78.7 trillion in 2019 to $103.7 trillion in the third quarter of 2023, representing a CAGR of 7.6% according to the U.S. Federal Reserve. • | Resilient : Over the past 30 years, Americans aged 55 years and older have been the most resilient demographic, as the only age group to increase their share of total American household wealth from 1989 to 2023. In 2023, the percentage of total American household wealth held by Americans aged 55 years and older increased to 73% from 56% in 1989, according to the U.S. Federal Reserve. During the last three recessions (excluding the COVID-19 pandemic), personal expenditures of the Americans aged 55 years and old generally outperformed other age groups according to the Bureau of Labor Statistics. • | Spending on Experiences : The growing U.S. population aged 55 years and older continues to prioritize spending on experiences versus material items according to AARP Research. • | Time for Leisure : According to a Pew Research Center survey, approximately 50% of U.S. adults aged 55 years and older are now retired, which gives them more time to travel. Cruise Industry Within the global luxury leisure travel market, the cruising and yachting industry is one of the fastest growing segments.
According to Technavio, the overall cruising and yachting industry is forecasted to grow at a CAGR of 8.1% from 2023 to 2028, with its market share of the global luxury leisure travel market rising from 14.7% to 15.3% over the same period. The cruise industry is typically defined according to three major categories: contemporary, premium and luxury. According to
Cruise Industry News, the contemporary category features large ships with lower price points, the premium category features large ships with a higher price point and the luxury category features 96 Table of Contents smaller ships with one of the highest price points across the industry. The luxury ocean cruise market offers smaller vessels and more space per passenger and tends to attract higher net worth
guests. It commands some of the highest ticket prices in the industry and offers a five- to six-star product aboard that is generally all-inclusive. According to Cruise Industry News, the luxury ocean cruise market is projected to carry over
one million guests in 2023 and is forecasted to grow to 1.5 million guests annually by 2030, representing an increase of approximately 50%. Viking will be the only pure-play luxury public cruise line. In contrast, the large public cruise lines have multiple brands
that serve all three categories of the cruise market, with luxury representing only a small percentage of their overall capacity. Our total revenue per passenger was $7,251 for the year ended December 31, 2023. Viking defines the luxury category of
the river cruise and ocean cruise markets. We believe these are the most attractive segments of the cruise industry and the global luxury leisure travel market given their growth potential. The 55 years and older demographic is underserved. The large public cruise lines cater to a variety of age groups and demographics, including adventure-seeking cruisers, young
couples, singles, honeymooners and families with kids. No large public cruise line is specifically targeted at the 55 years and older demographic. In contrast, we are intently focused on our core demographic of curious, affluent travelers aged 55
years and older, which we believe is an attractive segment that continues to be significantly underserved. Global cruise demand
expected to outpace capacity growth. According to CLIA, from 2023 to 2027, global cruise passenger volume is
projected to grow at a CAGR of 5.8%, from 31.5 million in 2023 to 39.5 million by 2027. Over the same period, ocean cruise capacity is expected to grow at a CAGR of 4.7%, according to Cruise Industry News. According to the 2024 Cruise Industry News Orderbook Data (published January 2024), approximately 13% of total new berths
coming online globally by 2028 are attributable to ships in the luxury ocean market and our contracted capacity represents approximately 42% of this new comparable supply, positioning us favorably to take advantage of increased demand for cruising
within our target market. The favorable growth of demand relative to supply is expected to sustain long-term demand and create an opportunity for pricing growth. We also believe the cruise industry has significant opportunity to grow and capture a
greater share of the overall leisure travel market. High barriers to entry. The cruise industry is characterized by high barriers to entry, including the existence of several established and recognizable
brands, high capital investment requirements, the long lead time necessary to construct new ships and limited newbuild shipyard capacity. According to Cruise Industry News, the cost of ocean ships under construction with capacity of 450 or more
berths and expected delivery in 2024 ranges from approximately $350 million to $1.3 billion (or approximately $200,000 to $825,000 per berth). The construction timeline from placing an order with a shipbuilder until the initial revenue generating
voyage for an ocean cruise ship is a multi-year process, which can take anywhere from three to six years pending shipyard availability. In addition, the shipbuilding industry is experiencing tightened capacity as the ship sizes increases and the
industry consolidates, with most of the new capacity added in the last 20 years having been built by one of three major European shipbuilders. 97 Table of Contents BUSINESS Background Viking was founded in 1997 with four river vessels and a simple vision that travel could be more destination-focused and
culturally immersive. Today, we have grown into one of the world’s leading travel companies, with a fleet of 92 small, state-of-the-art ships, which we view as floating hotels. From our iconic journeys on the world’s great rivers, including
our new Mississippi River itineraries, to our ocean voyages around the globe and our extraordinary expeditions to the ends of the earth, we offer meaningful travel experiences on all seven continents in all three categories of the cruise
industry—river, ocean and expedition cruising. With more than 450 awards to our name, we are a leader in the industry and were rated #1
for Rivers, #1 for Oceans (for ships sized 500 to 2,500 berths) and #1 for Expeditions by Condé Nast Traveler in the 2023 Readers’ Choice Awards. This is the first time a travel company has been voted #1 in all three categories
simultaneously. We have generated rapid growth driven by strong demand for our products and a highly
differentiated guest experience, resulting in industry-leading capacity growth and the proven ability to expand our travel platform with new destinations and experiences. From 2015 to 2023, our total number of guests, total revenue, net income and
Adjusted EBITDA grew at CAGRs of 10.1%, 14.4%, NM and 16.3%, respectively. We have grown faster 98 Table of Contents than the overall cruise industry since 2015 to become the market leader in river cruising and luxury ocean cruising, demonstrating our ability to succeed in each new category we have entered. For
the 2023 season, our North American outbound river market share was 51%, our luxury ocean market share was 26%, our Antarctic expedition market share was 12% and our Mississippi river market share was 20%. For the year ended December 31, 2023, nearly 650,000 guests traveled with us, and we
generated total revenue of $4,710.5 million, a net loss of $1,858.6 million and Adjusted EBITDA of $1,090.3 million. See “Prospectus—Summary Consolidated Financial and Other Data” for additional information about Adjusted EBITDA,
including a reconciliation of Adjusted EBITDA to net income (loss). As of December 31, 2023, we had $1.5 billion of cash and cash equivalents and $5.4 billion of Total Debt. We have also generated industry-leading ROIC of 27.5% for the year ended
December 31, 2023, up from 26.1% for the year ended December 31, 2019. Our payback period for a Longship is on average approximately four to five years based on contributions to operations by a Longship. Our payback period for an ocean ship is on
average about five to six years based on contributions to operations by an ocean ship. We believe we are well-positioned
for future growth. To address the strong demand from our guests, we have ordered 18 new river vessels for delivery through 2026 and six new ocean ships for delivery through 2028. The Viking Difference 1. One Brand : Among our guests and across the industry, the Viking brand is synonymous with excellence. Our
guests can experience all three categories of the cruise industry—ocean, river and expedition cruising—under our single brand. Rather than creating a conglomerate of different brands, all of our products are a consistent extension of the
Viking brand. As a result, our marketing spend and strong brand loyalty drive growth for all of our products. We also leverage our strong brand loyalty for future product launches, with over 60% of bookings for each of the inaugural seasons for
Viking Ocean, Viking Expedition and Viking Mississippi made by past guests. Our guests know they can expect a consistent, excellent experience on each voyage they take with us, which has allowed us to expand our travel platform successfully with new
destinations and experiences. Our repeat guest percentage has steadily increased over time from 27% for the 2015 season to 51% for the 2023 season. 99 Table of Contents 2. Identical Small Ships : Our fleet includes 58 identical
Longships accommodating 190 passengers, nine identical ocean ships accommodating 930 passengers and two identical expedition ships accommodating 378 passengers. Within each product, our ships are indistinguishable to our guests. This simplifies the
sales and marketing process as potential guests shop by itinerary versus by specific ship or age of ship, and it allows older ships to achieve similar yields, even when introducing new ships. Identical ships also create operational flexibility, as
well as efficiencies around shipbuilding, maintenance and crew, which improves our margins. Our small ships can dock in ports where larger ships cannot, providing our guests more time ashore for cultural discovery and exploration and offering our
guests experiences they cannot have with other cruise lines. 3. Clearly Defined, Destination-Focused
Experience : We are the only cruise line offering experiences on all seven continents with itineraries across five oceans, 21 rivers and five lakes, and a focus primarily on destinations in Europe and the Mediterranean, rather than the
Caribbean. We deliver a highly differentiated experience for our guests by prioritizing exploration of the destination versus onboard consumption and traditional entertainment. The Viking experience is well-defined and all-inclusive, with a shore
excursion included in every port. We are also known for the things that we do not do. For example, no children under 18, no casinos and no hidden ancillary costs, such as charges for alternative restaurants, wi-fi or beer and wine at lunch and
dinner. Because of these strategic choices, our guests instantly recognize the Viking way of travel. 4. Clear Customer Focus : We are intently focused on the travel needs of our
core demographic of curious, affluent, English-speaking travelers aged 55 years and older, which is an attractive segment of the travel market. We believe we know our core demographic better than anyone else in the industry and we have tailored our
products to specifically address the travel needs of the Thinking Person. We attract individuals seeking travel experiences that offer cultural insight and personal enrichment. 5. Strong Direct Marketing : Since 1997, we have invested $2.8 billion in all aspects of marketing, most of which
is direct marketing spend. This investment has helped build and solidify the value of our brand with our target market. Our marketing database includes more than 56 million North American households, including 1.5 million households that have
traveled with us before. We generate our own demand through our direct marketing, which allows us to obtain industry-leading early booking rates. Our marketing also drives direct bookings. For the year ended December 31, 2023, more than 50% of our
guests booked directly with us. 6. Only Pure-Play Luxury Public Cruise Line : Viking will be the only
pure-play luxury public cruise line. In contrast, the large public cruise lines have multiple brands that serve all three categories of the cruise market, with luxury representing only a small percentage of their overall capacity. Our total revenue
per passenger was $7,251 for the year ended December 31, 2023. Viking defines the luxury category of the river cruise and ocean cruise markets. We believe these are the most attractive segments of the cruise industry and the global luxury leisure
travel market given their growth potential. 100 Table of Contents Multiple Products, One Viking Since launching Viking River with four vessels in 1997, we have grown our business and expanded our platform through new
products to become one of the most recognized luxury travel brands in the world. Seeing unaddressed demand for a destination-focused product in the ocean cruise market, we launched Viking Ocean in 2015, which has since become our fastest growing
segment. Looking beyond our primary source markets, we launched China Outbound for the Mandarin-speaking market in 2016. In 2022, our 25 th year in business, we further expanded our platform with
Viking Expedition and Viking Mississippi. Each new product creates additional travel opportunities for past guests and broadens our platform to attract new guests. As we have expanded our products, we have done so intentionally, with each new ship and itinerary becoming a consistent
extension of the Viking experience. Every ship in our fleet is designed specifically for the destination and waterway where it sails, yet all ships share features that make them instantly recognizable as a Viking ship: elegant, understated
Scandinavian design; spacious, light-filled public spaces; comfortable, highly functional staterooms; attention to detail; thoughtful service from the crew; and a single language spoken onboard. Each itinerary includes a shore excursion in every port and an onboard and onshore enrichment program that provides deep
immersion in the destination through performances of music and art, cooking demonstrations, informative port talks and carefully selected guest lecturers. We offer informative talks to introduce the destinations to our guests before they arrive, and
we bring experts on board to present lectures and workshops that provide educational background and context. We also help our guests prepare and anticipate their journey through recommended reading lists, informative videos, suggestions for films to
watch and other content. Our guests know that a Viking product will offer more than just a trip—it will offer a doorway to cultural insight and personal enrichment. Viking River 101 Table of Contents We have been at the forefront of growth and innovation in the river cruise
industry, driving it to be one of the fastest growing segments of the cruise market. Viking River also attracts the greatest share of our new-to-brand passengers among our core products, with 61% of our 2023 North American river guests being
new-to-brand. For the 2023 season, our North American outbound river market share was 51%, nearly three times that of our nearest competitor. In the fourth quarter of 2023, we had 90% total brand awareness in the United States for river cruises,
higher than any of our competitors in the North American outbound river market. We expect to sustain our market leading position in the river cruising market well into the future. For the 2024 season, we are offering nearly 30 itineraries across European, Egyptian and Southeast Asian rivers, touching over
150 cities and ranging from eight days to 23 days. Our river vessels dock in the hearts of cities and towns near historical and cultural attractions, providing our guests more time ashore to enjoy the local culture. We control or have access to some
of the most coveted docking locations for our vessels, including premier docking locations in Paris, France 800 meters from the Eiffel Tower, and in Luxor, Egypt at the Karnak Temple. River vessels must navigate under bridges and through locks, which creates unique design challenges. In 2012, we introduced
our Longships, a radically new vessel for the European river cruising market with three full decks, patented asymmetric corridors and a square bow, providing more usable space for our guests within the standard footprint. Our Longships offer an
unparalleled choice of all-outside staterooms and al fresco dining. Our Longships can comfortably accommodate 190 guests, approximately 20% more than typical European river vessels which can accommodate up to
164 guests, improving the profitability of our vessels. Our guest to crew ratio is also generally more advantageous than our competitors, which improves the profitability of our vessels. Outside Europe, our river vessels are the most modern on the
Nile and Mekong rivers and generate strong yields, while accommodating fewer than 100 guests. Viking Ocean 102 Table of Contents Based on our understanding of our core demographic, we identified a
significant opportunity to reinvent ocean cruising with a smaller-format, destination-focused, luxury product that leveraged our experience from Viking River. Prior to our entry, the ocean cruise market was primarily composed of offerings that
attempted to appeal to all demographics, with a focus on entertainment delivered on the ship as opposed to at the destination. Luxury cruise offerings also existed at significantly higher price points, but without a focus on the destination and
cultural enrichment. Viking Ocean successfully launched in 2015 with only one ship, and has since grown to a fleet of
nine ships. Today, we are the world’s largest luxury ocean line based on our luxury ocean market share, which was 26% for the 2023 season. In the fourth quarter of 2023, we had 80% total brand awareness in the United States for ocean cruises,
higher than any of our competitors in the luxury ocean market. In addition to attracting guests from our competitors, we also believe we are growing the ocean cruise market, as over 20% of our 2023 new-to-brand passengers had never previously taken
an ocean cruise, based on onboard surveys completed by over 70% of our guests traveling on Viking River and Viking Ocean. Given our initial success and effective market penetration, we believe that Viking Ocean has significant future growth
potential, which we will begin to achieve with six new ocean ships on order for delivery through 2028. For the 2024
season, our guests can choose from over 80 itineraries across all five oceans, with a focus on destinations in Northern Europe and the Mediterranean, which differentiates us from large cruise lines that primarily focus on the Caribbean. Our small
ships have capacity of fewer than 1,000 passengers and can dock in ports where larger ships cannot. Our lower guest counts also create a more intimate and comfortable experience in the cities we visit. From central berths in cities like Bergen,
Norway, London, England and Monte Carlo, Monaco, enriching cultural discovery starts just a short walk away from the ship and our guests are able to spend on average more than 10 hours in port per day. We have one of the youngest fleets in the cruise industry and our state-of-the-art, efficient design results in no wasted space onboard or extra weight onboard while also maximizing the comfort of our guests. Each of our ocean ships
has a gross register tonnage of 47,800 and is carefully designed to minimize extra weight and optimize fuel consumption. Our ocean ships are built at the right size and scale for wherever they are in the world, with a focus on optimal guest comfort
and operational efficiency. Without diminishing our high level of service, the layout of our ocean ships allows us to operate with fewer crew. By designing our ocean ships with a focus on our core demographic and their interests, we utilize the
space typically needed for casinos and children’s entertainment to accommodate staterooms with all private verandas and a broader range of onboard amenities to improve the onboard experience, including an array of fine dining restaurants, a
Nordic-inspired spa, a panoramic Explorer’s Lounge and a thoughtfully curated library. 103 Table of Contents Viking Expedition We created Viking Expedition to usher in a new era of exploration for our guests. We
leveraged our experience in destination-focused travel and innovative ship design to reimagine the expedition voyage, delivering a unique product that offers our core demographic the opportunity to visit some of the most remote regions of the world
such as Antarctica, as well as destinations closer to home for our large North American customer base, including the Great Lakes and Canada. We believe Viking Expedition provides the highest quality of scientific exploration available in the market
with the same level of comfort our guests have come to expect from us. We offer daily briefings, world-class lectures, fieldwork and onboard laboratories, which are supported by exclusive partnerships with prestigious scientific institutions, such
as Cambridge University, and more than 30 experts who accompany each journey. With capacity for 378 guests per ship, our
two expedition ships are optimally designed for exploration from a size and weight perspective—small and slender enough to navigate remote areas and pass through canals, but large enough to provide speed, superior handling and stability in
rougher waters. Several design features maximize guest comfort, including a unique combination of state-of-the-art fin
stabilizers to allow the ships to glide over the waves for the calmest possible journey. Per the International Association of Classification Societies standards, our expedition ships are Polar Class 6 and each ship has a gross register tonnage of
30,150. Our expedition ships feature plentiful public areas for learning and enrichment, along with the Hangar, an industry-first in-ship marina, a full-size Science Lab
facility and the Aula, an auditorium for daily lectures, films and presentations, which can be converted to offer a panoramic view with floor to ceiling windows. Each expedition ship also includes an offshore exploration fleet, special operations
boats and submarines that allow our guests to get as close as possible to remote locations. All staterooms on our expedition ships feature floor to ceiling windows for greater enjoyment of the surroundings. 104 Table of Contents Viking Mississippi Designed to truly modernize and transform exploration of the Mississippi River, Viking
Mississippi offers an exciting and educational journey, which enables our guests to absorb American history and culture from a unique perspective. The Mississippi River is one of the most historic and storied waterways on the continent and this
product provides another opportunity to share the Viking experience with our guests, including North American guests that may be hesitant or unable to take long-haul flights. The new and innovative Viking Mississippi was inspired by our award-winning river and ocean ships and features clean
Scandinavian design, which is familiar to our guests, but reimagined for Mississippi River voyages. The Viking Mississippi includes capacity for 386 guests and features some of the largest staterooms across the cruise industry, where each
guest has a sweeping view of the river and landscape beyond. We believe this experience is unlike anything currently offered in the market. Viking China In 2016, we brought our brand of curiosity-driven travel to the Chinese source market by launching China Outbound, a river
cruise experience in Europe with 100% Mandarin-speaking crew, and food, entertainment and excursions completely dedicated to Chinese guests. China Outbound provides a culturally immersive experience with all the high-quality services and amenities
needed to travel in comfort, which differentiates it from other Chinese outbound products. In 2019, we had five Longships dedicated to China Outbound and 20,000 guests traveled with us, almost exclusively from mainland China. In 2023, we resumed
operations with two Longships, and we plan to operate four Longships in 2024. We received strong guest ratings for China Outbound for the 2023 season, with ratings comparable to those for our core products. In 2020, we announced the China JV Investment, a joint venture with a subsidiary of China Merchants Group, to offer a premium
coastal cruise experience in China on board the Zhao Shang Yi Dun (formerly the Viking Sun ). The Zhao Shang Yi Dun received strong ratings for the 2023 season. The China JV Investment further increases our brand recognition
among Chinese guests. 105 Table of Contents Viking Strengths We have several strengths that have propelled our success and distinguished us from other travel businesses. High quality products drive strong guest satisfaction and brand loyalty. We have a proven track record of delivering high quality travel experiences that resonate with our guests, driving strong guest
satisfaction and brand loyalty. As a result, our guests are often our greatest promoters. For the 2023 season, as of December 31, 2023, our Net Promoter Scores were 70 for Viking River, 63 for Viking Ocean and 74 for Viking Expedition. Based on
our 2023 season survey, on a scale of 0 to 10, 78.0% and 73.5% of our Viking River and Viking Ocean guests, respectively, answered “9” or “10” on likelihood of recommending Viking to a friend. All our products are also highly
rated by our guests. For the 2023 season, the average guest quality rating of our products was 3.7 on a 4.0 scale, based on onboard surveys completed by over 70% of our guests. Our strong guest satisfaction and brand loyalty drive repeat bookings with Viking. For the 2023 season, our repeat guest
percentage was 51%, and more than 50% of our guests booked directly with us. Our new product launches have also experienced overwhelming support from our past guests, with over 60% of bookings for each of the inaugural seasons for Viking Ocean,
Viking Expedition and Viking Mississippi made by past guests. We have also seen comparable booking trends by past guests for the launch of new river itineraries in Egypt and Vietnam. Our guests trust us to create best-in-class travel experiences,
whether it be a new itinerary for a product they already love or a completely new product experience, and we leverage our strong bookings for future seasons and our robust customer insights practice to help identify and deliver on the needs of our
core demographic. Expanding our travel platform enables us to capture a greater portion of our core demographic’s travel spend, while reinforcing brand loyalty, building customer lifetime value and increasing our repeat guest percentage, all of
which generate shareholder value. Single Viking brand drives awareness. For the past 27 years, we have built a single Viking brand that is highly recognized in our target markets and around the
world. Today, we are the leading brand in the North American outbound river market and the luxury ocean market. In the fourth quarter of 2023, we had 90% and 80% total brand awareness for river cruises and ocean cruises, respectively, among our
target demographic in the United States. Our total brand awareness for ocean cruises is comparable to the large public cruise lines. Viking River has more than four times the total brand awareness of our nearest competitor in the North American
outbound river market, and nearly two times the total brand awareness of our nearest competitor in the Mississippi river market. 106 Table of Contents With a single Viking brand, our strong brand awareness drives growth for our entire travel
platform as all of our products are a consistent extension of the Viking experience. We are also able to streamline our marketing, with word-of-mouth marketing and traditional marketing spend driving brand awareness and growth for all of our
products. Clear customer focus on an attractive demographic. We are intently focused on our core demographic of curious, affluent travelers aged 55 years and older, which we believe is an
attractive segment that has been and continues to be underserved by the travel market. The U.S. population aged 55 years
and older comprises 30% of the total population, has the largest spending power of any demographic based on annual expenditures and holds over 70% of U.S. wealth as measured by the U.S. Federal Reserve. The U.S. population aged 55 years and older is
also the fastest growing segment of the population, with expected growth from 98 million people in 2020 to 110 million people in 2030, according to the Congressional Budget Office. Our target demographic has greater financial stability, which can
make them more resilient to economic conditions and more willing to invest in high-quality travel experiences, including luxury accommodations, unique excursions and cultural activities. Our target demographic often appreciates comfort, convenience
and experiential travel that provides a balance between adventure and luxury. Many of our guests are also retired or approaching retirement, which means they often have flexible schedules that allow them to book earlier and plan for extended travel. After 27 years, we believe we know our core demographic better than anyone else in the industry and have tailored our
products to specifically address their unmet needs in the broader travel market. Leveraging our robust customer insights practice and two decades of experience, we know what our guests expect in their travels—a calm onboard atmosphere, with a
destination-focused experience offering cultural or scientific enrichment. Our guests spend their time enjoying the peaceful ambiance of resident musicians, participating in enriching educational opportunities, such as onboard lectures from local
historians, or debriefing their exciting day with fellow guests over a delicious meal from the ship’s regional specialties menu. At Viking, we think of every detail, so our guests can focus on exploring and learning about their destinations. 107 Table of Contents Data-driven marketing platform drives demand. Since 1997, we have invested $2.8 billion across all aspects of marketing. We became a national corporate sponsor of
PBS’s Masterpiece Theatre in 2011 when Downton Abbey was on the air, establishing Viking as a household name, and we continue to run television advertisements on other national programming targeting our core demographic. We have forged
partnerships with prestigious cultural institutions, such as the Los Angeles Philharmonic, the British Museum and the Metropolitan Opera. We also created Viking.tv, one of the travel industry’s most extensive libraries of online content. This
award-winning free enrichment channel was initially conceived to maintain daily contact with our guests during the COVID-19 pandemic, and continues to stream daily, with over 1,000 unique episodes since first airing. Additionally, we host hundreds
of journalists and influencers on board our ships each year, generating robust earned media coverage and social media content. These efforts create a clear path for positive affiliation with the Viking brand—helping move guests from awareness
into consideration. Built over the last 27 years, our marketing database includes more than 56 million North American
households, including 1.5 million households that have traveled with us before. While we have always relied on traditional marketing strategies, including direct mail, TV, print and trade marketing, our marketing approach today is omnichannel, with
robust digital capabilities and data-driven decision-making. For example, our marketing is underpinned by digital industry tools that provide programmatic execution, machine learning capabilities, look-alike prospecting, online to offline
conversions and call tracking, emerging AI supported functionality and data-driven marketing attribution. The households in our database are modeled and scored for their propensity to book. These scores, combined with our attribution systems and a
robust consumer insights practice, direct how we tailor our marketing in order to meet consumers where they are, with the right message at the right time. We also continue to shift our marketing spend towards digital channels. Once guests travel with us, our marketing positioning is reinforced by a shared experience among individuals seeking travel
experiences for the Thinking Person. Our guests connect with each other over mutual interests in history, art, culture and travel, and as a result, countless new friendships are forged on board our ships each year. Approximately 18% of our Viking
Ocean and Viking Expedition guests booked their next Viking voyage while on board in 2023—with many planning future trips together with fellow travelers. And, just like the fervent communities formed around beloved books and films, guests self-described as “hooked on
Viking” have launched their own fan groups—several of which have amassed more than 40,000 members—on social media platforms where we are able to target them with digital marketing for their next Viking voyage. Significant direct bookings optimize yields and improve margins. We provide our guests with a variety of ways to seamlessly book their voyages, so that they can transact with us however they
are most comfortable. Guests can book directly with Viking through multiple outlets, including our website, via online chat with an agent, over the phone, or on board our ships that have a dedicated travel consultant. Guests also have the option to
book with a third-party travel agent. By offering multiple channels to serve our guests, we reduce friction in the booking process and increase our direct bookings, which optimizes yields and improves margins. We also believe our strong direct
marketing capabilities drive earlier direct bookings, including during times of softening demand in the broader travel market. For the year ended December 31, 2023, more than 50% of our guests booked directly with us. Direct bookings reduce commissions
paid to travel agents, which reduces our distribution costs and improves our margins. Direct bookings also provide an additional opportunity for direct contact with our guests, allowing us to build stronger brand awareness and deliver a more
personalized experience for our guests. With a marketing database that includes more than 56 million North American households, we believe our direct bookings will continue to grow and add value to our business. 108 Table of Contents Early bookings create strong revenue visibility and facilitate long-term planning. For the 2024 season, we began selling select itineraries more than two years prior to the start of the season. On
average for the 2023 season, our guests booked 11 months in advance and paid seven months prior to departure. By generating early demand through our direct marketing, we believe we attain bookings earlier than the large public cruise lines.
Additionally, we collect payment earlier than the large public cruise lines, which we believe reduces cancellations. This creates future revenue visibility, which enables us to better manage our capacity and pricing. This visibility also gives us
the ability to plan for future ship commitments years in advance. We have a proven track record of selling Capacity PCDs
well in advance of sailing. With additional newbuilds delivered and new products launched, we grew Capacity PCDs for our core products from 3.3 million in 2017 to 6.7 million in 2024, a CAGR of 10.6%. Even with this growth, we continue to
enter every season with a high percentage of Capacity PCDs booked. For the 2017 season, 63.7% of Capacity PCDs for our core products were booked as of December 31, 2016, which increased to 73.9% of Capacity PCDs for our core products booked for
the 2024 season as of December 31, 2023. Entering a season with over 70% of Capacity PCDs sold provides significant revenue visibility, allowing us to focus our marketing efforts on selling future seasons earlier than competitors and continuing
the cycle of strong Advance Bookings. For our core products, operating capacity is 5% higher for the 2024 season in
comparison to the 2023 season and 12% higher for the 2025 season in comparison to the 2024 season. For our core products as of April 14, 2024, for the 2024, 2025 and 2026 seasons, we had sold 89%, 34% and 5%, respectively, of our Capacity PCDs
and had $4,468 million, $2,196 million and $374 million, respectively, of Advance Bookings. These Advance Bookings were 13%, 40% and 42% higher in comparison to the 2023, 2024 and 2025 seasons, respectively, at the same point in time. Advance
Bookings per PCD for the 2024 season was $747, 9% higher than the 2023 season, and Advance Bookings per PCD for the 2025 season was $857, 12% higher than the 2024 season. Young fleet with innovative design drives efficiency and profitability . At Viking, we build innovative ships that are the right size for the experience. From the outset, we creatively balance
competing preferences for smaller ships and spacious, uncrowded shared areas through greater efficiencies in space utilization and operations. No space is wasted onboard, and the overall ship design thoughtfully optimizes efficiency and
profitability. For example, for Viking Ocean, the layout of our ships allows us to operate with fewer crew while still delivering an exemplary level of service. And for Viking River, the unique design of our Longships allows us to comfortably
accommodate approximately 20% more guests than typical European river vessels, improving the profitability of our vessels. As part of our approach to fleet design, our Viking Ocean, Viking Expedition and the majority of our Viking River fleet are
identical at the product level, which provides us with many benefits. This simplifies the sales and marketing process as potential guests shop by itinerary versus by specific ship or age of ship and allows older ships to achieve similar yields, even
when introducing new ships. From an operational perspective, fleet commonality creates efficiencies around maintenance, as spare parts can be purchased in bulk in advance for unforeseen or planned maintenance, and crew, as crew can be moved around
the fleet with minimal additional training. Lastly, our identical fleet gives us operational flexibility to interchange guests between ships in the event of unexpected disruptions, such as when we positioned identical Longships on adjacent sides of
low water areas to avoid any cancellations during record low water levels in Europe in 2022. In 2022, 14% of our Rhine River sailings involved ship swaps and these sailings received high guest quality ratings that were comparable to our guest
quality ratings for non-impacted Rhine River sailings. We also have one of the youngest fleets in the industry. As of
December 31, 2023, the average age for our fleet available for operations, which excludes six Russia and Ukraine river vessels, was 6.5 years, which is younger than the average age for the large public cruise lines. We believe customers are willing
to pay a premium to sail on newer ships, which results in higher yields. A young fleet also has more efficient operations, 109 Table of Contents including from technological advances that result in lower fuel consumption, resulting in stronger margins. A young fleet also requires lower maintenance capital expenditures, which allows us to
direct most of our capital expenditures to fleet expansion and the launch of new product offerings, which ultimately means that more of our capital is invested in initiatives designed to grow our revenue and cash flows as opposed to maintaining
revenue and cash flows at current levels. Fuel-efficient fleet designed to meet future environmental regulations. From the outset, we have designed all of our ships thoughtfully to reduce their fuel consumption, carbon footprint and overall
environmental impact. Our Longships are one of the first cruise vessels to be voluntarily certified with the Green Award and are also certified with the European ISO 14001 Environmental Management practices. Our ocean ships, with their sleek hull
design and closed-loop scrubbers that allow us to use more cost-efficient fuel, exceed the current requirements of the EEDI by approximately 25%, and will exceed the 2025 EEDI requirements by almost 20%. Our expedition ships set a new standard for
responsible travel by exceeding the current requirements of the EEDI by nearly 38%. Due to the design choices across our fleet, our fuel costs represented only 5.7% of our Adjusted Gross Margin for the year ended December 31, 2023, favorably
positioning us if fuel prices increase or regulations require the use of more expensive fuel types. With only minor modifications, the engines of our Longships, ocean ships, and expedition ships can also operate on HVO renewable diesel, which could
reduce greenhouse gases by up to 90% over the fuel’s life cycle compared to diesel. Looking forward, we are working
to make our next generation of ocean ships even more environmentally friendly. We have made the principled decision not to invest in LNG, which is composed almost exclusively of methane, a greenhouse gas with a global warming potential more than 80
times (over a 20-year period) or 28 times (over a 100-year period) that of carbon dioxide. Instead, we are working on a project for a partial hybrid propulsion system
based on liquid hydrogen and fuel cells, which could allow us to operate at zero-emission in the Norwegian Fjords and other sensitive environments. Seasoned, proven management team committed to long-term shareholder value. We are a founder-led and inspired organization with an enduring commitment to creating
shareholder value over the long-term. In addition to Torstein Hagen, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, we benefit from the industry expertise and tenure of our proven management team of Leah Talactac, our Chief Financial Officer, Linh Banh,
our Executive Vice President, Finance, Jeff Dash, our Executive Vice President, Head of Business Development, Karine Hagen, our Executive Vice President, Product, Anton Hofmann, our Executive Vice President, Group Operations, Milton Hugh, our
Executive Vice President, Sales and Richard Marnell, our Executive Vice President, Marketing, who have all worked together for over 15 years. Excluding our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, our management team has an average tenure of 21 years at Viking and
25 years in the travel industry. The same management team revolutionized the river cruising industry with the design and launch of the Longships in 2012, and introduced Viking Ocean in 2015, which marked the industry’s first entirely new ocean
cruise line in nearly a decade. This team identified a market need for a smaller ship, destination-focused ocean product, which continues to be a key driver in our growth. More recently, this team launched Viking Expedition and Viking Mississippi in
2022, meeting guest demands. Along with launching new products, this team has also been successful in broadening our presence in existing source markets and garnering leading market share and entering new source markets, such as China. From 2020 to
2023, this team also added 18 new ships to our fleet, including 11 river vessels, four ocean ships, two expedition ships and the Viking Mississippi . This team has driven our growth over the past two decades, with our annual guests growing
from 80,000 in 2007 to nearly 650,000 in 2023, an increase of over 700%. This team also has a proven record of capitalizing on opportunities as they arise. For example, given our long-term outlook, we have a record of ordering newbuilds,
including our initial ocean ships, during off cycles when other cruise operators focused on conserving capital. Currently, we have ordered 24 additional newbuilds through 2028 to capture future demand. 110 Table of Contents Our management team has capitalized on opportunities during times of
adversity, weathered several economic cycles together and ultimately built Viking to be the company it is today—a household brand name with industry-leading quality ratings, numerous awards and a sizeable market share in the fast-growing luxury
cruise market. Dedicated crew delivers exemplary level of service. Our crew, with over 9,500 crewmembers from over 90 different countries at the peak of the 2023 season, are dedicated to making
our guests’ journeys as memorable as possible. Our crew is essential to our success. Our crew’s friendliness, attentiveness and attention to detail have garnered us more consumer and industry awards than any other travel company on rivers
or oceans. Most importantly, our crew is a significant reason that we receive high satisfaction ratings from our guests. As part of the Viking family, we care deeply about our crew, and we provide the training, skills and resources needed for them
to excel. Our proprietary training program, Viking College, helps our crew learn and grow. We also place great value on promotion from within, rewarding hard work, enthusiasm, initiative and a sense of responsibility and ownership. We aspire to be
the employer of choice among cruise lines and our crew retention rate of about 80% as of December 31, 2023 is a source of great pride. Retaining our crew season after season lowers our recruiting and training costs. It also supports our
growth—we are able to distribute our tenured crew across our new ships to streamline the hiring and training of new crew. A mix of new and tenured crew on each ship ensures a consistent high quality of service and a familiar onboard experience
for our guests as we grow our business. Viking Strategies for Growth We believe our journey as one of the most recognized luxury travel brands in the world is just beginning. We believe we are
well-positioned to drive future growth and profitability with the following strategies, each of which represents a continuation of the proven strategies we have been executing over the past 27 years. Expand our fleet to address unmet demand from our core demographic . We believe the travel market for curious, affluent travelers aged 55 years and older continues to be significantly underserved.
There is also a general gap between demand and supply in cruising, which we have an opportunity to address. To capitalize
on this growing and unmet demand, we plan to continue expanding our fleet, with the most contracted future ship deliveries in the industry. According to the 2024 Cruise Industry News Orderbook Data (published January 2024), approximately 13% of
total new berths coming online globally by 2028 are attributable to ships in the luxury ocean market and our contracted capacity represents approximately 42% of this new comparable supply, positioning us favorably to take advantage of increased
demand for cruising within our target market. For Viking River, we have ordered 18 new vessels for delivery by 2026, including 11 river vessels for the European rivers, six river vessels that will operate in Egypt and a chartered river vessel that
will travel through Vietnam and Cambodia, and we expect to sustain our market leading position in the river cruising market well into the future. We also have options for eight additional river newbuilds, with four for delivery in 2027 and four for
delivery in 2028. For Viking Ocean, we believe there is significant future growth potential, which we will begin to achieve with six new ocean ships on order for delivery through 2028. We also have options for four additional ocean newbuilds, with
two for delivery in 2029 and two for delivery in 2030. Based on our committed orderbook, we expect a 38.3% increase in total berths for our fleet available for operations, which excludes six Russia and Ukraine river vessels, from 2023 to 2028. Our
orderbook, the largest in the cruise industry, is driven by a disciplined strategy that relies heavily on robust consumer insights and market demand assessment, combined with financing and yield considerations. 111 Table of Contents As we add new capacity, we conduct extensive research to identify new itineraries that will
fill gaps in the travel market for our core demographic. Based on prior experience, we expect new itineraries to inspire past guests to travel again and attract new guests to the Viking brand, which we believe will result in a higher repeat guest
percentage and enhanced customer lifetime value at marginal marketing expense. In addition to growing our fleet and
adding new itineraries, we also plan to continue optimizing our inventory of add-on products, such as pre- and post-trip cruise extensions, which unlock additional
revenue growth opportunities without significant capital expenditures. Our pre- and post-trip cruise extensions, such as a three-night tour of the historic town of Oxford and Highclere Castle or the real
“Downton Abbey,” further enrich the destination-focused experience of our itineraries and provide another opportunity for us to connect our guests with the cultures and destinations on our itineraries. In 2023, 37% of our guests purchased
a pre- or post-trip cruise extension to take advantage of these opportunities. Pre- or post-trip cruise extensions are currently offered at an average of
over $900 per extension and are typically two or three days. In 2023, our guests spent on average $45 per PCD on pre- and post-trip cruise extensions. Increase guests from outside of North America. While North America is the largest source market for the cruise industry, generally about 50% of all cruisers globally are from
markets outside of North America, according to CLIA. In contrast, for the year ended December 31, 2023, 90.5% of our guests came from North America, with the remainder primarily coming from the United Kingdom, Australia and New Zealand. We believe
there is significant unmet demand for our core products in the United Kingdom, Australia and New Zealand. We also believe there is an opportunity to source guests for our core products from other markets, such as India, Singapore and the Nordic
countries. In order to provide a seamless experience for our guests, all of our onboard and onshore programming is offered in a singular language. For our core products, all programming is in English and for our China Outbound product, all
programming is in Mandarin. 112 Table of Contents Continue to expand Viking China and launch products for new source markets. The Chinese market is a large source for leisure travel. According to the World Bank and CLIA, there were
154.6 million international departures from China in 2019 and 1.9 million passengers from China traveled on a cruise line in 2019, which made it one of the largest and fastest growing outbound travel markets in the world. While the Chinese
outbound market has been slower to rebound from the COVID-19 pandemic, we believe Chinese tourists maintain a strong desire to travel internationally. According to Oxford Economics, China is expected to regain
its pre-pandemic share of global outbound visits, which was 7.1% in 2019, by 2026. In 2016, we brought our brand of
curiosity-driven travel to the Chinese source market by launching China Outbound, a river cruise experience in Europe with 100% Mandarin-speaking crew, and food, entertainment and excursions completely dedicated to Chinese guests. As a result, we
believe we are uniquely positioned to capitalize on the Chinese market, which represents a continued opportunity for growth. Mandarin-speaking travelers in China, as well as other Asian-source markets, have been historically underserved by the
cruise industry and we have identified a sizeable addressable market. We believe we are the only cruise line with a product dedicated to Mandarin-speaking guests in Europe and the launch of China Outbound in 2016 was just the beginning. By
leveraging our brand awareness in China and our extensive research into the travel preferences of affluent Mandarin-speaking guests, we plan to continue to develop China Outbound, with the possibility of growing the fleet or expanding to include
other offerings, such as ocean cruising. For coastal cruising in China, the China JV Investment’s Zhao Shang Yi Dun has a competitive advantage in the upper premium cruise line space as it is the only modern cruise ship currently in this
market. There are also opportunities to bring our brand of curiosity-driven travel to other source markets. Similar to
China Outbound, new source markets provide an exciting opportunity to tailor our existing products exclusively to these source markets, while leveraging our experience building our core products with a singular language and potentially using a
portion of our existing fleet. Strategically expand our product portfolio. We believe we can harness our global travel expertise, experienced operational team and deep understanding of our core
demographic to further expand our platform. Based on our robust customer insights practice and third-party research, we believe there is considerable demand for other Viking products from our past guests, as well as from our broader core
demographic. In particular, we believe there is significant future opportunity to expand beyond floating hotels to create dedicated land-based products given the strong demand for our pre-and post-trip
extensions. As our guests generally enjoy multiple forms of travel and take multiple trips per year, land-based product offerings would meet an additional portion of the travel needs of our core demographic. This would enable us to capture a greater
share of our guests’ travel spend and extend our customer lifetime value and connection to the Viking brand. FINANCIAL
PERFORMANCE Our financial performance reflects the growing demand for our products, our strong capacity growth and the
benefits of our loyal customer base. Our loyal guests book their journeys well in advance, and as a result, we have industry-leading early booking rates, which give us a competitive advantage in allocating capacity, optimizing pricing, managing
yield and planning for future ship commitments years in advance. As a result, we are able to generate high margins and leading ROIC among the large public cruise lines. For the year ended December 31, 2023, our ROIC was 27.5%. We have also
historically generated substantial net cash flow from operating activities and Adjusted FCF that we have reinvested in our business to support growth. For the year ended December 31, 2023, we generated $1.4 billion in net cash flow from operating
activities and $1.0 billion of Adjusted FCF, which translates to an Adjusted FCF Conversion of 92.3%. See “Prospectus Summary—Summary Consolidated Financial and Other Data” for additional information about ROIC and Adjusted FCF,
including a calculation of ROIC and a reconciliation of net cash flow from operating activities to Adjusted FCF. Our strong balance sheet provides flexibility to finance future growth at attractive terms. As of December 31, 2023, we had
$1.5 billion of cash and cash equivalents and $5.4 billion of Total Debt. 113 Table of Contents Like all other companies in the travel industry, our operations were
impacted by the COVID-19 pandemic. In March 2020, we were the first cruise line to halt operations. From that point on, we spent significant resources implementing new health and safety protocols, including adding onboard testing laboratories on our
ocean and expedition ships. These investments allowed us to restart operations in May 2021, with more than half of our river fleet and all six of our ocean ships operating at the peak of the 2021 season. By 2022, more of our guests were traveling again. In 2022, 469,935 guests traveled with us, with an Occupancy of 78.4%, and in
2023, 649,669 guests traveled with us (38.2% more than 2022 and 26.7% more than 2019), with an Occupancy of 93.7%. We believe our nimble operations, our experienced, cohesive management team and our consistent execution distinguishes us from other
travel businesses and accelerated our recovery, both on a total revenue and an Adjusted EBITDA basis, in comparison to the large public cruise lines. This strategy resulted in the following results from 2017 to 2023: • | Total revenue increased from $1.9 billion for the year ended December 31, 2017 to $4.7 billion for the year ended December 31, 2023. • | Gross margin increased from $0.6 billion in 2017 to $1.6 billion in 2023. • | Adjusted Gross Margin increased from $1.2 billion for the year ended December 31, 2017 to $3.1 billion for the year ended December 31, 2023. • | Net loss increased from $55.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2017 to $1,858.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2023. Net loss includes losses, net, of $20.7 million and $2,101.9 million for 2017 and 2023, respectively, due to the impact of the Private Placement derivative gain (loss) and interest expense related to our Series A Preference Shares, Series B Preference Shares and Series C Preference Shares, as applicable. Our Series A Preferences Shares and Series B Preference Shares are no longer outstanding. Our Series C Preference Shares will automatically convert into ordinary shares immediately prior to the consummation of this offering. • | Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA Margin increased from $324.8 million and 26.3%, respectively, for the year ended December 31, 2017 to $1,090.3 million and 35.5%, respectively, for the year ended December 31, 2023. See “Prospectus Summary—Summary Consolidated Financial and Other Data” for additional information about
Adjusted Gross Margin and Adjusted EBITDA, including a reconciliation of Adjusted Gross Margin to gross margin and a reconciliation of Adjusted EBITDA to net income (loss). 114 Table of Contents Operations Our Fleet As of December 31, 2023, we had a fleet of 92 ships, including: (1) 81 river vessels, including 58 Longships, 10 smaller
classes based on the Longship design, 11 other river vessels, one river vessel charter and the Viking Mississippi; (2) nine ocean ships; and (3) two expedition ships. Each of our Longships, each of our ocean ships and each of our expedition ships are nearly identical to each other. This
consistency in design provides many advantages, including: • | efficiency at the shipyards which allows for predictability of delivery dates and ship costs, while minimizing change orders and errors; • | greater flexibility to interchange crew members among ships or combine ship itineraries in order to improve Occupancy; • | operational flexibility to interchange guests between ships in the event of unexpected disruptions, such as when we position identical Longships on adjacent sides of low water areas; • | efficiencies around crew training and parts and maintenance; • | brand consistency and familiarity for both guests and on board and office (call center) employees; and • | more focused marketing efforts with a consistent deck plan. 115 Table of Contents As of December 31, 2023, our fleet was comprised of the following
ships: Vessel and Ship Name | Year Built / Refurbished | Maximum Passenger Capacity | Region | Type
River: (1)
Viking Gymir | 2021 | 190 | Europe | Longship
Viking Egdir | 2021 | 190 | Europe | Longship
Viking Skaga | 2020 | 168 | Europe | Longship-Seine
Viking Fjorgyn | 2020 | 168 | Europe | Longship-Seine
Viking Hervor | 2020 | 190 | Europe | Longship
Viking Gersemi | 2020 | 190 | Europe | Longship
Viking Radgrid | 2020 | 168 | Europe | Longship-Seine
Viking Kari | 2020 | 168 | Europe | Longship-Seine
Viking Tir | 2019 | 190 | Europe | Longship
Viking Vali | 2019 | 190 | Europe | Longship
Viking Ullur | 2019 | 190 | Europe | Longship
Viking Einar | 2019 | 190 | Europe | Longship
Viking Sigrun | 2019 | 190 | Europe | Longship
Viking Sigyn | 2019 | 190 | Europe | Longship
Viking Helgrim | 2019 | 106 | Europe | Longship-Douro
Viking Herja | 2017 | 190 | Europe | Longship
Viking Hild | 2017 | 190 | Europe | Longship
Viking Alruna | 2016 | 190 | Europe | Longship
Viking Egil | 2016 | 190 | Europe | Longship
Viking Kadlin | 2016 | 190 | Europe | Longship
Viking Rolf | 2016 | 190 | Europe | Longship
Viking Tialfi | 2016 | 190 | Europe | Longship
Viking Vilhjalm | 2016 | 190 | Europe | Longship
Viking Osfrid | 2016 | 106 | Europe | Longship-Douro
Viking Eir | 2015 | 190 | Europe | Longship
Viking Lofn | 2015 | 190 | Europe | Longship
Viking Vidar | 2015 | 190 | Europe | Longship
Viking Skirnir | 2015 | 190 | Europe | Longship
Viking Modi | 2015 | 190 | Europe | Longship
Viking Gefjon | 2015 | 190 | Europe | Longship
Viking Ve | 2015 | 190 | Europe | Longship
Viking Mimir | 2015 | 190 | Europe | Longship
Viking Vili | 2015 | 190 | Europe | Longship
Viking Beyla | 2015 | 98 | Europe | Longship-Elbe
Viking Astrild | 2015 | 98 | Europe | Longship-Elbe
Viking Hermod | 2014 | 190 | Europe | Longship
Viking Buri | 2014 | 190 | Europe | Longship
Viking Heimdal | 2014 | 190 | Europe | Longship
Viking Delling | 2014 | 190 | Europe | Longship
Viking Lif | 2014 | 190 | Europe | Longship
Viking Gullveig | 2014 | 190 | Europe | Longship
Viking Idi | 2014 | 190 | Europe | Longship
Viking Kvasir | 2014 | 190 | Europe | Longship
Viking Ingvi | 2014 | 190 | Europe | Longship
Viking Alsvin | 2014 | 190 | Europe | Longship
Viking Kara | 2014 | 190 | Europe | Longship
Viking Hlin | 2014 | 190 | Europe | Longship 116 Table of Contents Vessel and Ship Name | Year Built / Refurbished | Maximum Passenger Capacity | Region | Type
Viking Mani | 2014 | 190 | Europe | Longship
Viking Eistla | 2014 | 190 | Europe | Longship
Viking Bestla | 2014 | 190 | Europe | Longship
Viking Hemming | 2014 | 106 | Europe | Longship-Douro
Viking Torgil | 2014 | 106 | Europe | Longship-Douro
Viking Skadi | 2013 | 190 | Europe | Longship
Viking Bragi | 2013 | 190 | Europe | Longship
Viking Tor | 2013 | 190 | Europe | Longship
Viking Var | 2013 | 190 | Europe | Longship
Viking Forseti | 2013 | 190 | Europe | Longship
Viking Rinda | 2013 | 190 | Europe | Longship
Viking Jarl | 2013 | 190 | Europe | Longship
Viking Atla | 2013 | 190 | Europe | Longship
Viking Baldur | 2013 | 190 | Europe | Longship
Viking Magni | 2013 | 190 | Europe | Longship
Viking Njord | 2012 | 190 | Europe | Longship
Viking Odin | 2012 | 190 | Europe | Longship
Viking Embla | 2012 | 190 | Europe | Longship
Viking Aegir | 2012 | 190 | Europe | Longship
Viking Freya | 2012 | 190 | Europe | Longship
Viking Idun | 2012 | 190 | Europe | Longship
Viking Prestige | 2011 | 188 | Europe | Other
Viking Aton | 2023 | 82 | Egypt | Other
Viking Osiris | 2022 | 82 | Egypt | Other
Viking Ra | 1989 / 2018 | 52 | Egypt | Other
Viking Antares | 2007 | 62 | Egypt | Other
Viking Saigon (3) | 2022 | 80 | Asia | Other
Viking Akun | 1988 / 2014 | 204 | Russia (2) | Other
Viking Rurik | 1975 / 2012 | 196 | Russia (2) | Other
Viking Ingvar | 1990 / 2011 | 204 | Russia (2) | Other
Viking Truvor | 1978 / 2009 | 204 | Russia (2) | Other
Viking Helgi | 1984 / 2008 | 204 | Russia (2) | Other
Viking Sineus | 1979 / 2014 | 196 | Ukraine (2) | Other
Viking Mississippi (3) | 2022 | 386 | United States | Mississippi
Ocean:
Viking Saturn | 2023 | 930 | Global | Ocean
Viking Neptune | 2022 | 930 | Global | Ocean
Viking Mars | 2022 | 930 | Global | Ocean
Viking Venus | 2021 | 930 | Global | Ocean
Viking Jupiter | 2019 | 930 | Global | Ocean
Viking Orion | 2018 | 930 | Global | Ocean
Viking Sky | 2017 | 930 | Global | Ocean
Viking Sea | 2016 | 930 | Global | Ocean
Viking Star | 2015 | 930 | Global | Ocean
Expedition:
Viking Polaris | 2022 | 378 | Global | Expedition
Viking Octantis | 2021 | 378 | Global | Expedition (1) | When allocated to China Outbound, Longships have 182 berths. (2) | As a result of the Russia-Ukraine conflict, we do not have any itineraries for sale in Russia or Ukraine. (3) | Viking Saigon and Viking Mississippi are chartered vessels. 117 Table of Contents Environmental and Social Responsibility We are conscious of our responsibility with respect to the environmental and social impact of our operations. Environmental Considerations for Our Fleet We believe we have one of the most environmentally friendly fleets in the cruise industry. From the outset, all our vessels are
thoughtfully designed to reduce their fuel consumption, carbon footprint and overall environmental impact. Viking
River — Our Longships are one of the first cruise ships to be voluntarily certified with the Green Award, which gives us preferential docking in Amsterdam, one of our central ports, and are also certified with the European ISO 14001
Environmental Management practices. Our Longships are among the first river vessels powered by energy-efficient hybrid diesel/electric engines, in which a series of electric motors drive the ship propellers, while diesel engines act as a generator.
Our Longships are equipped for shore power, which reduces pollution by avoiding burning diesel in port, and we are investing in shore power facilities along the rivers included in our itineraries. In addition, our latest Longships are equipped with
battery packs. Our Longships also have onboard solar panels and organic herb gardens. Combined, all of these features reduce our carbon emissions. Viking Ocean — Our ocean ships exceed the current requirements of the IMO EEDI by approximately 25%, and will
exceed the 2025 EEDI requirements by almost 20%. Our ocean ships have energy-efficient hulls, a bulbous bow and ducktails, as well as innovative propellers and rudder arrangements, to reduce resistance in the water, which contribute to fuel
efficiencies. Our ocean ships are also fitted with the latest cleaning technologies to reduce emissions, including closed-loop scrubbers, which allow pollutants removed from our exhaust to be stored onboard and disposed of at suitable reception
facilities onshore. In comparison, open-loop scrubbers dispose of pollutants directly into the water. Most of our ocean ships are also equipped for shore power to further reduce pollution by avoiding burning fuel when docked at port, and we are in
the process of equipping our entire ocean fleet with shore power in the next few years as shore power becomes more readily available around the world. Looking forward, we are working to make our next generation of ocean ships even more
environmentally friendly. We have made the principled decision not to invest in LNG, which is composed almost exclusively of methane, a greenhouse gas with a global warming potential more than 80 times (over a 20-year period) or 28 times (over a 100-year period) that of carbon dioxide. Instead, we are working on a project for a partial hybrid propulsion system based on liquid
hydrogen and fuel cells, which could allow us to operate at zero-emission in the Norwegian Fjords and other sensitive environments. Viking Expedition — Our expedition ships set a new standard for responsible travel by exceeding the current
requirements of the EEDI by nearly 38%. With straight, integrated bows and long, slender hulls, our expedition ships efficiently sail, reducing fuel consumption. Our expedition ships also feature an onboard dynamic positioning system that allows it
to hover over the seabed without anchoring, minimizing disruption to the environment, and SILENT-E notation to minimize noise pollution. Our expedition ships also feature other energy-efficient design
elements, including intelligent HVAC systems, heat recovery systems and LED lighting. Viking Mississippi — The Viking Mississippi is equipped with a variety of measures to maximize energy efficiency and minimize emissions. The Viking Mississippi includes a hybrid diesel-electric system of eight load-sharing generators, electric-driven hydraulic
units and pump jet thrusters and advanced exhaust scrubbing systems to significantly reduce sound and emissions. The Viking Mississippi also includes an advanced sewage treatment system allowing the ship to be near zero discharge. Scientific Research Partnerships In connection with launching Viking Expedition, we partnered with several world-leading academic institutions to support
scientific research around marine biology, ornithology, glaciology, oceanography and 118 Table of Contents atmospheric sciences. We also formed a scientific advisory committee to help us take advantage of the access provided by our expedition ships to further scientific research and develop a better
understanding of the world. With our scientific research partners, we hope to give environmental scientists a platform by which to conduct environmental research in remote locations. For example, in January 2024, we were able to take scientists to
Astrolabe Island, located in the Bransfield Strait, where they were able to observe and count the chinstrap penguin colonies present for the first time since 1987, contributing essential monitoring data of Antarctic wildlife. Examples of our scientific partnerships include University of Cambridge’s Scott Polar Research Institute, the Oceanites,
National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA), Great Lakes Environmental Research Laboratory and Akvaplan-Niva. Cultural
Partnerships and Community Investment Our cultural partnerships drive social impact by creating new opportunities
to experience art, history and culture in local communities. Examples of our cultural partnerships include the Los Angeles Philharmonic, the British Museum and the Metropolitan Opera. We also make investments in the communities that we visit. We make capital investments in the development of ports and docking
places. For example, we have committed to invest in the project to reconstruct the pier in Duluth, Minnesota. We have also started making significant investments in establishing shore power on rivers, both at our own docking places, as well as at
public ports and other partner ports. We have also supported communities in need by donating to those impacted by natural disasters. For example, we made contributions for disaster relief efforts after the 2019 tropical storm in Mozambique and the
2023 tornadoes in the Mississippi delta. In addition to our investments in the communities that we visit, our guests also
make meaningful contributions. Our guests are affluent and thoughtful, and they invest in the communities that we visit by buying goods from local artisans, learning about local culture and ultimately becoming great ambassadors for the places we
visit – encouraging future tourism spend. Our guests may also donate to cultural partners or charitable organizations that we visit on our itineraries. For example, in Cambodia, our guests can visit an organization that develops and manages
projects directed towards empowering people in under privileged Cambodian communities and creating the conditions necessary for sustainable development through education. Investments in Our Workforce We believe the best results come from investing in our employees. We are proud to offer comprehensive benefits packages for our
employees, which vary by location and are designed to meet or exceed local requirements and be competitive in the marketplace. We have a history of strong employee retention rates, which we attribute to our culture that allows our team members to
thrive and achieve their career goals. We have also built employee loyalty by prioritizing the well-being of our employees during times of uncertainty, which we believe has resulted in high retention rates.
For example, during our temporary suspension of operations as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic, we believe we did more for our crew than most, if not all, other cruise lines. We operate globally, with team members representing more than 90 countries. In addition, more than 55% of our U.S. employees
and more than 25% of our worldwide employees are female, which includes three female executive team members. We leverage the talents of all team members and are committed to equal employment opportunity. Our internal policies prohibit all forms of
unlawful discrimination or harassment against applicants or employees. 119 Table of Contents We are also committed to adopting a strong compliance program to uphold high
standards in managing risks and opportunities around ethical business conduct. Our code of business conduct and ethics addresses, among other things, the handling of conflicts of interest, compliance issues and other corporate policies such as equal
opportunity and non-discrimination standards. Operation and Management of Our Fleet and Related Activities Our in-house operations are divided between our Nautical, Hotel Services and Land
Operations Departments. Our Nautical Department is primarily responsible for navigation and docking between destinations and maintenance of equipment on a majority of our river vessels. Nautical and technical services for certain of our chartered
ships, our owned river vessels in Portugal, our ocean ships and our expedition ships are provided by third-party operators with many years of experience in providing such services to the cruising industry. Our Nautical Department also oversees the
management and maintenance of docks and land bridges controlled by Viking. For our river vessels, we perform general maintenance on our fleet over the winter, which generally does not involve dry-docking the
vessels and substantial maintenance is generally not required because our vessels do not sail in salt water. For our ocean and expedition ships, we perform regular and periodic maintenance of our fleet, with a regularly scheduled dry-docking approximately every five years. Nautical services on the Viking Mississippi are provided by an affiliate of the Mississippi Ship Owner in accordance with the time charter agreement. Our Hotel Services Department is primarily responsible for onboard hospitality services, including food and beverage services,
housekeeping and onboard enrichment, such as guest lectures, roundtable discussions and destination-focused musical performances. We have earned the highest Cruise Critic score ratings across the industry for a variety of critical categories related
to onboard hospitality services, including dining, cabins and service for Viking River and Viking Ocean. Our Land
Operations Department is primarily responsible for arranging shore excursions and pre-and post-trip cruise extensions, including selecting and contracting with hotels, local guides, transportation companies
and venues and transfers between our ships and hotels and airports. By providing many of these operations and services in-house, we are able to enhance our inclusive experience, enabling our guests to enjoy
their trip without having to worry about a multitude of additional charges. For Viking Expedition, our Land Operations Department is also responsible for the staff of onboard naturalists and other scientific experts, including an expedition leader,
photographer, field research scientists, general naturalists, mountain guides, kayak guides, submarine pilots and other specialists and support staff. We believe our extensive in-house operations will be a critical advantage if we decide
to expand our product offerings in the future. Our experience arranging shore excursions and pre- and post- trip cruise extensions will be particularly beneficial for any future dedicated land-based product. Our Guest Experience and Itineraries We place significant emphasis on providing varied, culturally enriching experiences for our guests on each of our itineraries.
With more itineraries in more destinations worldwide, we offer insights and opportunities that set us apart from other travel companies. While our included and optional shore excursions cover cultural and historic highlights, we also go beyond,
sharing with our guests The Viking Way ® , with our Local Life, Working World and Privileged Access ® experiences. Privileged Access ® excursions provide behind-the-scenes access to places otherwise difficult to visit, including world-class museums,
private art collections and cultural landmarks around the world. Local Life excursions go deep into a locale’s culture and lifestyle to offer our guests the ability to experience daily life as a local, such as by exploring Saigon’s vibrant
streets by pedal cab. Working World excursions provide our guests with a glimpse into the world at work allowing them to tap into local passions, such as by touring the vineyards and wine cellars of Italy or the spice farms of Goa, India. We focus
on offering our guests a broad variety of opportunities to explore each destination, which we believe differentiates us from 120 Table of Contents our competitors in the cruise industry. For Viking Expedition, our shore excursions offer immersive activities, such as participating in monitoring the migratory patterns of birds and wildlife,
collecting samples with the scientists or learning from a professional photographer how best to capture views of scenic landscapes. In addition to the shore excursions related to the destination itself, we provide a variety of onboard programs to support and
enrich the port experience. Our Old World Highlights and Culture Curriculum programs include cooking classes with a focus on local specialties, musical and dance performances, multimedia talks on regional art and architecture and food and wine
tastings. For example, we have an exclusive relationship with Oslo’s Munch Museum, which allows Viking to host one of the largest collections of Edvard Munch’s work digitally onboard our ocean ships. We also have resident historians and
guest lecturers who deliver historical and cultural education specific to the destination. Additionally, we offer destination-inspired performances onboard, such as the Italian opera or Portuguese fado. For Viking Expedition, we have additional
onboard amenities designed to complement our immersive shore excursions and allow our guests to immerse in the region. For example, we have an on-board laboratory in a glass-enclosed mezzanine floor above the
hangar that allows guests to engage with scientists conducting primary research. We are currently offering itineraries
cumulatively spanning over 85 countries across all seven continents, all five oceans and 21 rivers. Examples of Viking
River itineraries for the 2024 season include: • | Grand European Tour (as pictured below) : A 15-day cruise and our most iconic itinerary from the picturesque vineyards of Austria’s Wachau Valley to Holland’s windmills, this voyage presents highlights of the Danube, Main and Rhine Rivers, visiting Budapest, Vienna, Cologne and more. • | Lyon and Provence : An eight-day cruise that sails along the scenic Rhône River through the beautiful French countryside. Guests can explore the famed region of Beaujolais, the colorful fields of Provence, the Palace of the Popes in Avignon and more. • | Pharaohs and Pyramids : A 12-day cruise tour uncovering the ancient secrets of Egypt with new vessels on the Nile. Guests will visit the pyramids from astride a majestic camel, explore the Temple of Karnak’s 136 soaring pillars, visit Queen Nefertari’s tomb in the Valley of the Kings and enjoy the fragrances of Aswan’s spice market. 121 Table of Contents Examples of Viking Ocean itineraries for the 2024 season include: • | Into the Midnight Sun (as pictured below) : A 15-day cruise that sails along the Norwegian coast with visits in Bergen, Edinburgh and London. Guests can witness the breathtaking scenery of the majestic Norwegian fjords and witness the remote beauty of North Cape to the windswept Shetland and Orkney Islands of Scotland. • | Mediterranean Odyssey : A 13-day cruise that sails through the storied ages which allows guests to explore sunny Barcelona and the South of France. This voyage presents charming Tuscany, eternal Rome and the magical waterways of Venice. Guests will discover the French Riviera’s seaside pleasures in Marseille and Monte Carlo and visit Dubrovnik, a hidden medieval jewel. • | World Cruise : A 138-day epic journey where guests can explore the world’s majestic cities, immerse themselves in local culture, visiting 28 countries and calling in 57 ports around the world, featuring 11 overnights in some of the world’s most exciting cities, including Auckland, Sydney, Bali, Ho Chi Minh City, Singapore, Columbo, Mumbai, Greenwich (London) and more. 122 Table of Contents Examples of Viking Expedition itineraries for the 2024 season include: • | Great Lakes Collection : A unique 15-day voyage across historic waterways of all five of the majestic Great Lakes. Guests will experience culture-rich urban centers and admire the awesome power of Niagara Falls. They will explore the granite islands and sheltered inlets of Georgia Bay and traverse the famous Soo Locks. Guests can also study the aquatic ecosystems of the lakes as they journey and venture into the dense boreal forests that line the shores of Lake Superior and Lake Michigan. • | Antarctic Explorer (as pictured below) : A 13-day ultimate adventure that takes our guests to the heart of the Antarctic Peninsula, where guests will experience towering glaciers, snow-covered landscapes, immense icebergs and epic wildlife. 123 Table of Contents An example of a Viking Mississippi itinerary for the 2024 season include: • | America’s Great River (as pictured below) : A 15-day cruise traversing the Mississippi, visiting battlefields, grand estates and historic immigrant settlements. Along the way, guests can delight in diverse cuisines and the rhythm of blues, ragtime and more. 124 Table of Contents Marketing and Sales Our marketing goals are to enhance brand awareness, consideration, purchase and retention through reinforcing our brand and
product promise. Given that our target market is sizable, and in order to acquire and retain guests at the lowest acquisition costs, our marketing strategy leverages addressable media to target the most qualified guests. We apply traditional
consumer insights and database modeling principles to all our media channels, which include direct mail, television, digital advertising, television, print, radio, e-mail and our website. We have developed a sophisticated, direct marketing system and invested $2.8 billion in marketing since our founding to
educate consumers on the Viking brand and to actively generate demand, rather than passively wait for potential guests to book travel. The foundation of our addressable media strategy is to develop a strong understanding of our past guests and a
profile of future guests. Our consumer insights group analyzes the travel habits, preferences and booking considerations of our past guests by segment to optimize product development and marketing processes. Our database modeling team adds
additional insights by segmenting and ranking the propensity to travel with Viking. Through this investment, we have assembled and continue to grow a database includes more than 56 million North American households, including 1.5 million
households that have traveled with us before. This core understanding of our database allows us to adjust and optimize our marketing strategies as our supply and market demand fluctuates, as well serve as the foundation for our addressable media
strategy. Our marketing also drives direct bookings. For the year ended December 31, 2023, more than 50% of our
guests booked directly with us. Guests can book directly with us through multiple outlets, including our website, via online chat with an agent, over the phone, or on board our ships that have a dedicated travel consultant. Our call centers have
over 1,000 agents spread across the United States, the United Kingdom, Australia, South Africa, 125 Table of Contents and the Philippines — and together they provide excellent and efficient service for our guests. In 2023, we realized an approximately 70% conversion rate across new inbound sales calls
received. In 2023, we also answered over 90% of all calls within 10 seconds. We use our media channels collectively to
engage with our customers throughout their journey. For example, after a guest books their trip, we use direct mail and e-mail to notify the guest about customizing their experience (including choosing
included excursions and booking alternative restaurants) and booking new paid add-ons (including shore excursions that allow guests to further delve into their passions, whether it be food and wine, wellness,
history or a day in the life of a local). While the Viking experience is all-inclusive, we also give our guests the opportunity to enhance their journey with additional add-on experiences. For the year ended December 31, 2023, onboard and other
revenue per PCD was $54. During each cruise, we promote brand engagement with our guest generated content campaign #MyVikingStory, through which potential guests can see real pictures of our guests as they travel and discover the world. After
returning home, we welcome our guests back with e-mails and personalized direct mail. After the cruise is complete, we also examine guest feedback and preferences, including areas of interest, to engage guests
with tailored and relevant communications. For example, a guest booking food and wine excursions will receive regular recipes from around the world to inspire their next trip or a copy of our digital cookbook, The Kitchen Table. We also provide
content that engages our target guest online with our digital news update, Viking Weekly and Viking.TV, which contains content of interest to our guests: new destinations, cultures, food and wine, and high-profile guest interviews, as well as local
activities in various cities around the world. We understand our guests consume a variety of media channels. In addition
to traditional media, we leverage our Viking assets, particularly our extensive enrichment-focused video library through content marketing, as well as partner with brands relevant to our target guests, such as the Los Angeles Philharmonic in
the United States, Classic FM in the United Kingdom and the Munch Museum in Norway. These efforts support Viking’s brand position and help to keep Viking top of mind when our guests are ready to rebook. Distribution Travel agencies generate a substantial amount of bookings for our cruises, and we are committed to maintaining and
strengthening this distribution channel. We have preferred relationships with large travel agent consortia, and we employ sales managers in key markets to maximize awareness of our products within the travel agent community. We have created a portal
on our website that is dedicated to providing support for the local travel agency community and which offers travel agents access to our sales and marketing tools and resources. In addition, guests can book directly with Viking. Sales are managed
through our reservation call centers in the United States, United Kingdom and Australia. We do not sell any of our products through wholesalers. Competition We operate in the global leisure travel market, of which cruising represents only one of many alternatives. We therefore
compete not only with other cruise lines, but also with other vacation operators that provide other travel and leisure options, including hotels, resorts and package holidays and tours. Our principal competitors within the river cruise industry
include such companies as AMA Waterways, Inc., Avalon Waterways, Emerald Cruises, Tauck, and Uniworld River Cruises, Inc. Our principal competitors within the ocean cruise industry include premium and luxury ocean cruise operators such as Azamara
Cruises, Celebrity Cruises, Crystal Cruises, Explora Journeys, Four Seasons Yachts, Holland America Line, Oceania Cruises, Princess Cruises, Regent Seven Seas Cruises, Seabourn Cruise Line and Silversea Cruise Holding Ltd. Our Viking Expedition
product faces competition from companies such as Hurtigruten Expeditions, Lindblad Expeditions, Pearl Seas Cruises, Ponant, Quark Expeditions and Silversea Cruise Holding Ltd. The Viking Mississippi product competes with American Cruise Lines and
American Queen Steamboat Company. 126 Table of Contents Suppliers Our largest capital expenditures are for ship construction and acquisition. We currently have six ocean ships under
construction by shipyards. Additionally, we have entered into contracts with shipyards for 17 river vessels, which we will own, of which 11 will operate on European rivers and six will operate in Egypt. We also rely on third-party vendors to own and
operate our chartered vessels, including the Viking Mississippi , the Viking Saigon and the additional chartered vessel ordered for delivery in 2025. Our largest operating expenditures are for air travel, fuel, food and beverage, travel agent services and advertising and
marketing. Most of the supplies that we require are available from numerous sources at competitive prices. In addition, because of the large quantities that we purchase, we can obtain favorable prices for many of our supplies. Our purchases are
denominated primarily in U.S. dollars. Payment terms granted by the suppliers are generally customary terms for the cruise industry. See “Risk Factors—Risks Related to Our Dependence on Third Parties—Reductions in the availability of and
increases in the prices for the services and products provided by our vendors could adversely affect our business and revenues. In addition, our vendors may act in ways that could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of
operations.” for additional information about the potential impact of supply shortages and cost increases on our business. Employees As of December 31, 2023, we had approximately 9,500 employees. Of these, approximately 7,500 were employed on our ships,
mainly as nautical staff and approximately 2,000 were land based, principally located in the United States and Switzerland. At the peak of the 2023 season, we had approximately 11,500 employees with approximately 9,500 people employed on our ships.
We also rely on approximately 1,400 outsourced employees, which includes onboard employees of third-party vendors that provide nautical services. None of our U.S. employees are subject to collective bargaining agreements or are represented by a union. In certain of the
European countries in which we operate, we are required to establish work councils in compliance with local law requirements. We have entered into a collective bargaining agreement with the Norwegian Seafarers’ Union and the Associated Marine
Officers’ and Seamen’s Union of the Philippines to set out the terms and conditions of certain employees on our ships, except for those ships registered in the Ordinary Norwegian Registry. We believe that our relationship with our
employees and unions is generally good. See “Risk Factors—Risks Related to Our Business, Our Operations and Our
Industry—Increased labor costs or our inability to recruit or retain employees may adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.” for additional information about the potential impact of labor shortages and
labor cost increases on our business. Properties Other than our ships, we do not own any material physical property. We control 67 premier docking locations for our river vessels along the rivers of Europe and Egypt and have priority access to
30 docking locations in Hungary. Intellectual Property Our intellectual property is valuable and important to our business. To establish and protect our proprietary rights, including
our proprietary technology, software, know-how and brand, we rely upon a combination of designs, copyrights, domain names, registered trademarks and rights in marks and confidential information and 127 Table of Contents trade secrets. Our material intellectual property consists principally of our proprietary database of past and prospective customers in the United States and the intellectual property rights in
the brands we use in our business, which we seek to protect and defend throughout the world through registered trademarks. Our most important brands are “VIKING ® ”, “VIKING
CRUISES ® ”, “VIKING RIVER CRUISES ® ”, “VIKING OCEAN
CRUISES ® ”, “VIKING EXPEDITIONS”, “LONGSHIPS ® ”, the Viking ship design logo, and the slogans “THE VIKING
WAY ® ”, “EXPLORING THE WORLD IN COMFORT ® ” and “THE WORLD’S LEADING RIVER CRUISE LINE…BY FAR ® ”. We have registered or applied to register the VIKING, VIKING CRUISES or VIKING RIVER CRUISES names, or formatives including those names, as trademarks in 47 jurisdictions, primarily in the
countries where we currently operate; however, there are certain jurisdictions in which we use these brands where we have been unable to secure registrations to date for these brands in certain categories of goods or services due to prior rights and
the same may be true for future brands. We also have European Union and United Kingdom registered design rights in the asymmetrical corridors of our Longship-branded vessels, which enable us to add full size verandas without reducing the size
of the staterooms. Finally, we own registered copyrights for certain of our marketing materials, videos and other publications, a number of registered domain names and top-level domains (the highest level of a
domain name), including www.viking.com, www.vikingcruises.com, www.vikingrivercruises.com and www.vikingoceancruises.com, .viking, .cruise and viking.tv. The information contained on or accessible through our corporate website or any other website
or social media platform that we may maintain is not part of this prospectus or the registration statement of which this prospectus is a part and is solely included for informational purposes. Regulation River
Cruise Business Our river vessels are regulated by various international, national and local laws, regulations and
treaties in force in the jurisdictions in which they operate. The vessels we operate under the Viking River Cruise brand are registered in Egypt, Portugal, Russia, Switzerland, Ukraine and Vietnam. Each vessel is subject to regulations issued by its
country of registry, including regulations governing the safety of the vessel and its passengers. Each country of registry conducts periodic inspections to verify compliance with these regulations. Our vessels are also subject to inspections
pursuant to the laws and regulations of various countries our vessels visit. Ocean and Expedition Cruise Business In the ocean and expedition cruise business, we are subject to regulation by various international, national and local laws,
regulations and treaties in force in the jurisdictions in which our ocean and expedition ships will operate. Each ocean and expedition cruise ship is subject to regulations issued by its respective country of registry (currently the Norwegian
Maritime Authority), including regulations governing the safety of the ship and its passengers and crew, environmental protections and labor, as well as subject to inspections to confirm compliance with the foregoing by applicable authorities. In
addition, our ocean and expedition cruise ships are subject to various international regulations, including the International Safety Management (ISM) Code, International Convention for Safety of Life at Sea, the International Convention on Standards
of Training, Certification and Watchkeeping (STCW) for Seafarers, the International Convention on Civil Liability for Bunker Oil Pollution Damage 2001, the Athens Convention relating to the Carriage of Passengers and their Luggage by Sea 2002, the
Nairobi Convention on the Removal of Wrecks 2007, the International Convention for the Prevention of Pollution from Ships (“MARPOL”), the Maritime Labour Convention of 2006 and other applicable conventions. As we operate our ocean ships in Europe, we are subject to various laws and regulations instituted by the European Union,
including regulations to implement or enhance environmental standards established by MARPOL. In addition, as we market
and sell cruises that embark guests at U.S. ports, the U.S. Federal Maritime Commission (“FMC”) requires evidence of financial responsibility in the form of a Performance Certificate for 128 Table of Contents those offering transportation on guest ships operating out of U.S. ports to indemnify guests in the event of non-performance of the transportation. The
coverage amount is based on the level of unearned guest revenue and is currently capped at $32 million effective June 8, 2022. Accordingly, we are required to maintain insurance, an escrow account or a third-party performance of
transportation and other obligations to guests. In addition, we are required to obtain from the FMC a Casualty Certificate evidencing financial responsibility established by insurance, surety bond, self-insurance, guaranty or escrow account based on
the number of guest accommodations in order to cover liability incurred for death or injury to guests or other persons on voyages on board our ships. Our ocean and expedition operations follow the relevant regulations of any authority where we are operating, including the
U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention for operations in U.S. waters. Mississippi Cruise Business On January 13, 2020, our subsidiary, Viking USA LLC (the “U.S. Charterer”) entered into a time charter with the
Mississippi Ship Owner to charter the Viking Mississippi for operation on the Mississippi River. A time charter is a lease of a ship for a specified period of time under which the owner manages the ship and the charterer selects the ports of
call and itinerary of the ship. The Viking Mississippi was delivered and deployed on the Mississippi River in September 2022. The time charter for the Viking Mississippi is for an initial term of eight years with renewal terms at the
option of the U.S. Charterer. Pursuant to the terms of the charter, the Mississippi Ship Owner provides the technical and navigational crew and management. The U.S. Charterer provides hotel and catering crew, management and marketing services as
well as sells and books all passenger accommodations. VCL has provided a guarantee of the U.S. Charterer’s obligations under the time charter. The Viking Mississippi and any future ships operating in U.S. coastwise markets must comply with the applicable
provisions of the PVSA, which is similar to the Jones Act governing cargo vessels and restricts domestic marine transportation of passengers in the United States to vessels built and documented in the United States, manned by U.S. citizens and
owned and operated by U.S. citizens. The Mississippi Ship Owner has represented to us that it complies with the U.S. ownership requirements of the PVSA and has obtained written confirmation from MARAD that our time charter structure meets
MARAD’s requirements to be classified as a permissible time charter. In addition, our expansion into the Mississippi
River market is subject to the FMC Performance Certificate requirement described above. Environmental Regulations We are subject to various international laws and regulations relating to environmental protection. Environmental and other
regulators may consider more stringent regulations in the future, which may affect our operations and increase our compliance costs. We believe that the impact of cruise vessels on the global environment will continue to be an area of focus by the
relevant authorities throughout the world and, accordingly, this will likely subject us to increasing compliance costs in the future. Travel Provider We are registered as a seller of travel under the California Business and Professions Code, and we participate in the
California Travel Consumer Restitution Fund, which provides refunds to guests who are unable to collect from their respective seller of travel, by making annual assessments into the fund. We also participate in the United States Tour Operators
Association (“USTOA”) One Million Travelers Assistance Program, which requires us to post $1 million of security in the form of a bond or letter of credit and exempts us from seller of travel trust account requirements under the California
Business and Professions Code. We are also a member of the Association of British Travel Agents in the United Kingdom as well as a member of the International Air Transport Association in Australia. We believe that we are in material compliance with
all the regulations applicable to our ships and that we have all licenses necessary to conduct our business. 129 Table of Contents Legal Proceedings We are routinely involved in various legal matters arising from the normal course of business. While the outcome of legal
proceedings cannot be predicted with certainty, we believe that these proceedings (net of insurance recoveries), when resolved, will not have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 130 Table of Contents MANAGEMENT Executive Management and Directors Below is a list of the names of each of our directors and executive officers and a brief account of the business experience of
each of them. Name | Position(s)
Executive Officers :
Torstein Hagen | Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
Leah Talactac | Chief Financial Officer
Linh Banh | Executive Vice President, Finance
Jeff Dash | Executive Vice President, Head of Business Development
Karine Hagen | Executive Vice President, Product
Anton Hofmann | Executive Vice President, Group Operations
Milton Hugh | Executive Vice President, Sales
Richard Marnell | Executive Vice President, Marketing
Non-Employee Directors :
Richard Fear | Director
Morten Garman | Director
Paul Hackwell | Director
Kathy Mayor | Director
Tore Myrholt | Director
Pat Naccarato | Director
Jack Weingart | Director Executive Officers Torstein Hagen has served as Chairman of the board of directors and Chief Executive Officer since our founding in 1997.
Mr. Hagen has extensive experience in the shipping and cruise industry and served as Chief Executive Officer of Bergen Line from 1976 to 1983 and of Royal Viking Line from 1981 to 1984. He was a member of the board of directors of Holland
America Line/HAL Holding N.V. from 1985 to 2015, and he was a member of the board of directors of Kloster Cruise Ltd. from 1993 to 1994. Mr. Hagen was formerly a partner at McKinsey & Company in Europe. Mr. Hagen has a
degree in physics from the Norwegian Institute of Technology and an M.B.A. from Harvard University. Leah Talactac joined Viking in 2006 and is responsible for corporate accounting, financial reporting
and capital markets as our Chief Financial Officer. Additionally, Ms. Talactac is responsible for corporate governance and board relations. Prior to joining us, Ms. Talactac served as a manager at Ernst & Young LLP, Los Angeles
from October 1999 to July 2006. Ms. Talactac received a B.S. in accounting from the University of Southern California, Leventhal School of Accounting. Linh Banh joined Viking in 2006 and is responsible for worldwide corporate financial planning and
analysis. Prior to joining us, Ms. Banh served as Assistant Controller for Alexandria Real Estate Equities, Inc. from July 2005 to August 2006. Ms. Banh served as a senior associate at Ernst & Young LLP, Los Angeles from
October 2001 to July 2005. Ms. Banh has a B.A. in business economics with a minor in accounting from the University of California, Los Angeles. Jeff Dash originally joined Viking in 2001 and currently serves as Head of Business Development.
Mr. Dash currently oversees our worldwide ocean fleet operations, as well as sales and marketing for the China market. From 2001 to 2006, Mr. Dash held the position of Senior Vice President of Sales and Worldwide Marketing. From 2009 to
2012, Mr. Dash was a consultant, consulting on matters concerning strategy, 131 Table of Contents international distribution (United Kingdom and Australia expansion) and product expansion (Viking Ocean). Mr. Dash previously served as an executive of Legend Media, a Chinese media
marketing company, from 2008 to 2010 and held a management position at Xyience, Inc., from 2006 to 2007. Mr. Dash worked at Princess Cruise Lines from 2000 to 2001 and Renaissance Cruises from 1993 to 1999. Mr. Dash received a B.S. in
accounting from Florida International University. Karine Hagen , daughter of Mr. Hagen, has
served in varying capacities at Viking since its inception. Widely recognized as the face of the brand in Viking’s television advertisements and cultural enrichment films, Ms. Hagen is responsible for Viking’s overall branding as well
as product development. Prior to Viking, Ms. Hagen held positions with Arthur Andersen, J. Walter Thompson, Genesys and Telenor. Ms. Hagen has degrees in Soviet Studies and Economics from Wellesley College, an M.A. in Russia and East
European Studies from Stanford University and an M.B.A. from BI Norwegian Business School. Anton Hofmann joined Viking in 1998 and currently oversees our worldwide river fleet operations.
Mr. Hofmann started his professional career in the hotel business and held a range of positions in hotels in various countries until 1991. Mr. Hofmann has thirty years of experience in the cruise industry. From 1993 to 1997,
Mr. Hofmann served as operations manager for I.C.H. International Cruise and Hotel Management, where he supervised the upgrading of operational standards for eight river vessels in Russia and Ukraine. Mr. Hofmann has a degree in hotel
management from The Hotel Management School in Innsbruck, Austria. Milton Hugh joined Viking in
2006 and currently oversees our North American sales and worldwide yield management. Mr. Hugh was employed by Grand Circle Travel Corporation from April 2002 to September 2006, last serving as Senior Vice President of Planning, and was employed
by Renaissance Cruises from June 1996 to September 2001, last serving as Director of Strategic Planning and Treasury Operations. Mr. Hugh has a B.S. in finance and an M.B.A. from the University of Miami in Florida. Richard Marnell joined Viking in 2007 and is currently responsible for worldwide marketing.
Mr. Marnell previously served as Operating Vice President of Direct Marketing for The J. Jill Group, Inc. from September 2002 to January 2007. Mr. Marnell was the Vice President of Circulation and Vice President of Product Marketing
at Grand Circle Corporation where he worked from September 1993 to September 2002. Mr. Marnell has a B.A. in economics and political science from Fordham University in New York and an M.B.A. from Babson College in Massachusetts. Non-Employee Directors Richard Fear has served as a member of our board of directors since 2015 and also serves on the board
of directors of VCL and our principal shareholder. Mr. Fear is a retired partner of international law firm Conyers Dill & Pearman, where his practice covered a broad range of corporate, capital markets and finance transactions.
Mr. Fear is a qualified English solicitor and has also practiced Cayman Islands and Bermuda laws. Prior to his career as a lawyer, Mr. Fear qualified and practiced as a chartered accountant with PricewaterhouseCoopers following which he
was managing director of the Cayman Islands subsidiary of a London merchant bank. Mr. Fear has an LL.M. from the University of Cambridge, a LL.B. from the University of Liverpool and a B.Sc. in physics from the University of Exeter. Morten Garman has served as a member of our board of directors since 2011. Mr. Garman has
practiced business and maritime law in Oslo, Norway since 1972, after having served as an assistant judge in Drammen, Norway. In 1977, he co-founded the law firm Gram, Hambro & Garman and is presently
the firm’s managing partner. Mr. Garman has served and serves as a member of the board of directors in several companies in the maritime industry. Mr. Garman has a degree in law from the University of Oslo, Norway. Paul Hackwell has served as a member of our board of directors since 2016. Mr. Hackwell is a partner at TPG
Capital and is based in San Francisco, where he leads the Consumer group. Mr. Hackwell joined TPG 132 Table of Contents Capital in 2006 and is a member of the board of directors of Anastasia Beverly Hills, Life Time Group Holdings, Inc., Rodan + Fields and Troon Golf, L.L.C. He was also involved in
TPG’s investments in Adare Pharmaceuticals, Aptalis Pharma, Arden Group (Gelson’s), AV Homes, Norwegian Cruise Line, Playa Hotels & Resorts and Taylor Morrison. Mr. Hackwell holds an AB Summa Cum Laude from Princeton
University, an MPhil from the University of Oxford, where he was a Keasbey Scholar, and an M.B.A. from the Stanford Graduate School of Business, where he was an Arjay Miller Scholar. Kathy Mayor has served as a member of our board of directors since 2021. Ms. Mayor is a four-time Chief Marketing
Officer, having been the Chief Marketing Officer at Miller’s Ale House, Transformco (doing business as Sears Home Services, Kenmore Brand and Shop Your Way), BoxyCharm and Carnival Cruise Line. She has experience in digital transformation
and international marketing, having been the Chief Digital Officer at Carnival Cruise Line, and Senior Vice President of Strategy, CRM and eCommerce at Sands China Ltd. Ms. Mayor served in various capacities at Las Vegas Sands, Caesars
Entertainment, McKinsey & Company and Procter & Gamble. She previously served on the board of directors of MAV Beauty Brands, Tinybeans and Phunware, Inc. Ms. Mayor has a B.S. summa cum laude in management engineering from
Ateneo de Manila University and an M.B.A. with distinction from Harvard Business School. Tore Myrholt has served
as a member of our board of directors since 2020. Mr. Myrholt was formerly a senior partner with McKinsey & Company for 25 years, serving on their global board for almost two decades and as chairman of the director’s committee for
five years. While at McKinsey & Company, Mr. Myrholt served a large number of institutions in more than 20 countries on topics of leadership, strategy, organizational development, corporate restructuring and M&A. Mr. Myrholt
currently serves as an independent advisor and counselor to many executives in Europe and the Middle East. Mr. Myrholt serves as a member of the board of directors in several companies in Europe, the Middle East and Singapore. Mr. Myrholt
has a degree from the Norwegian School of Economics and an M.B.A. from Harvard Business School. Pat Naccarato has
served as a director since 2018 and previously served as an alternate director from 2016 to 2018. Mr. Naccarato joined CPP Investments in March 2009 and is currently a Global Leadership Team Managing Director and Head of Active Equities Europe
where he leads a team managing public market investments across the European region. He also serves on the Private Equities Investment Committee and the Active Fundamental Equities Investment Committee that reviews investments in these portfolios.
In addition, Mr. Naccarato is member of the Active Fundamental Equities management committee, which oversees the strategy, resources and talent needed in managing an investment portfolio of approximately $70 billion Canadian dollars. This
is his thirty-fourth year in the investment management industry having managed a variety of global pension and mutual funds over his career, as well a variety of sector-based portfolios. Prior to joining CPP Investments, Mr. Naccarato spent
most of his career as a partner at Phillips Hager & North Investment Management. He holds a Bachelor of Mathematics degree with an Accounting major from the University of Waterloo and an M.B.A. from Wilfrid Laurier University. He also holds
a Chartered Financial Analyst designation. Jack Weingart has served as a director since 2021. Mr. Weingart is
the Chief Financial Officer and serves on the board of directors of TPG Inc. Mr. Weingart was formerly the Co-Managing Partner of TPG Capital. Between 2006 and 2017, he served as Managing Partner of the
Funding Group, which comprises the firm’s fundraising and capital markets activities. Prior to joining TPG in 2006, Mr. Weingart was a Managing Director at Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC, responsible for managing the firm’s West
Coast leveraged finance and financial sponsor businesses. He previously served on the board of directors of Chobani, J.Crew International, Inc. and the Awaso Hope Foundation. Mr. Weingart earned a B.S. in electrical engineering and computer
sciences from the University of California at Berkeley. None of our directors has a service contract with us that
provides for benefits upon termination of service. 133 Table of Contents Board Composition Our board of directors may establish the authorized number of directors from time to time by resolution. Our board of directors
currently consists of eight members. Pursuant to the Investor Rights Agreement, any increase or decrease in the number of directors requires the consent of our principal shareholder and each of our financial shareholders, subject to the maintenance
of specified ownership requirements. Our board of directors has determined that Mr. Fear, Mr. Hackwell,
Ms. Mayor, Mr. Myrholt, Mr. Naccarato and Mr. Weingart qualify as independent directors in accordance with the rules of the NYSE. Under the rules of the NYSE, the definition of independence includes a series of objective tests,
such as that the director is not, and has not been for at least three years, one of our employees and that neither the director nor any of his or her family members has engaged in various types of business dealings with us. Our board of directors
has determined that each of Mr. Fear, Mr. Hackwell, Ms. Mayor, Mr. Myrholt, Mr. Naccarato and Mr. Weingart are independent under the NYSE objective tests. In addition, under the rules of the NYSE, our board of directors was required to make a subjective determination as to whether
each director has a material relationship with us, either directly or as a partner, shareholder or officer of an organization that has a relationship with us. Our board of directors conducted the materiality analysis and considered relationships
between each director and us, our principal shareholder and our financial shareholders, as applicable, as well as all other relevant facts and circumstances. Our board of directors reviewed and discussed information provided by the directors and us
with regard to each director’s relationships with us, our principal shareholder, our financial shareholders and our management, including any directorships held in companies affiliated with us. In the opinion of our board of directors, none of
Mr. Fear, Mr. Hackwell, Ms. Mayor, Mr. Myrholt, Mr. Naccarato or Mr. Weingart have a material relationship with us and no relationships exist that would interfere with the exercise of their independent judgment in
carrying out the responsibilities of a director. For members of our Audit Committee, our board of directors also
considered Rule 10A-3 of the Exchange Act and its adopting release in making independence determinations. Pursuant to the
Investor Rights Agreement, our principal shareholder has the right to designate four nominees to our board of directors and each of our financial shareholders has the right to designate two nominees to our board of directors, subject to the
maintenance of specified ownership requirements. Mr. Hagen, Mr. Fear, Mr. Garman and Mr. Myrholt were appointed by our principal shareholder. Mr. Hackwell and Mr. Weingart were appointed by TPG. Ms. Mayor and
Mr. Naccarato were appointed by CPP Investments. Pursuant to the Investor Rights Agreement, our principal shareholder has the right to appoint the chairperson of our board of directors, subject to the maintenance of specified ownership
requirements. Pursuant to our bye-laws, in the event of an equality of votes on any resolution at a meeting of our board of directors, the chairperson has a second or casting vote in order to achieve a majority of the votes. Foreign Private Issuer and Controlled Company Exemption In general, under the NYSE corporate governance standards, foreign private issuers, as defined under the Exchange Act, are
permitted to follow home country corporate governance practices instead of the corporate governance practices of the NYSE. Accordingly, we intend to follow certain corporate governance practices of our home country, Bermuda, in lieu of certain of
the corporate governance requirements of the NYSE. In the event we no longer qualify as a foreign private issuer, we
intend to rely on the controlled company exemption under the NYSE corporate governance rules. A “controlled company” under the NYSE corporate governance rules is a company of which more than 50% of the voting power is held by an
individual, group or another company. Our principal shareholder will control a majority of the combined voting power of our issued and outstanding share capital upon consummation of this offering. 134 Table of Contents The foreign private issuer exemption and the controlled company exemption do
not modify the independence requirements for the audit committee under the Sarbanes-Oxley Act and the NYSE rules, which require that our Audit Committee be composed of at least three directors, all of whom are independent. Under the NYSE rules,
however, we are permitted to phase in our independent audit committee by having one independent member at the time of listing our ordinary shares on the NYSE, a majority of independent members within 90 days of listing and a fully independent
committee within one year of listing. In addition, under the NYSE rules, a controlled company may elect not to comply with certain corporate governance requirements, including the requirements that within one year of the completion of this offering
we have a board that is composed of a majority of independent directors and a compensation committee and a nominating and corporate governance committee that are composed entirely of independent directors. Following this offering, we intend to
utilize certain of these exemptions. If at any time we cease to be a “controlled company” or a “foreign
private issuer” under the rules of the NYSE and the Exchange Act, as applicable, our board of directors will take all action necessary to comply with the NYSE corporate governance rules within the time periods provided therein. Due to our status as a foreign private issuer and a controlled company and our intent to follow certain home country corporate
governance practices, our shareholders will not have the same protections afforded to shareholders of companies that are subject to all the NYSE corporate governance standards. See “Description of Share Capital.” Board Committees Our board of directors has three standing committees: the Audit Committee, the Compensation Committee and the Nominating and
Corporate Governance Committee. Each committee is governed by a charter that will be available on our website concurrently with the listing of our ordinary shares on the NYSE. Pursuant to the Investor Rights Agreement, our Audit Committee, our Compensation Committee and our Nominating and Corporate
Governance Committee will include one director jointly selected by our financial shareholders, one director selected by our principal shareholder and one independent director selected by our board of directors, subject to the maintenance of
specified ownership requirements. Audit Committee The members of our Audit Committee are Mr. Weingart (Chairperson), Mr. Fear and Mr. Naccarato. Our board of directors
has determined that each member of our Audit Committee qualifies as an independent director under the corporate governance standards of the NYSE and the independence requirements of Rule 10A-3 of the
Exchange Act. Each member of our Audit Committee also meets the financial literacy requirements of the NYSE. In addition, our board of directors has determined that each of Mr. Weingart, Mr. Fear and Mr. Naccarato qualifies as an
“audit committee financial expert” as such term is defined in Item 407(d)(5) of Regulation S-K. The purpose of our Audit Committee is to assist our board of directors in overseeing and monitoring (1) the quality and
integrity of our financial statements, (2) our compliance with legal and regulatory requirements, (3) our independent registered public accounting firm’s qualifications and independence, (4) the performance of our internal audit
function and (5) the performance of our independent registered public accounting firm. Compensation Committee The members of our Compensation Committee are Mr. Garman (Chairperson), Mr. Hackwell and Ms. Mayor. The purpose of our Compensation Committee is to assist our board of directors in discharging its responsibilities relating to
(1) setting our compensation program and compensation of our executive officers and directors and (2) monitoring our incentive and stock-based compensation plans. 135 Table of Contents Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee The members of our Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee are Mr. Hagen (Chairperson), Mr. Hackwell and
Mr. Myrholt. The purpose of our Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee is to assist our board of directors in
discharging its responsibilities relating to (1) identifying individuals qualified to become members of our board of directors, (2) succession planning for our Chief Executive Officer and other executive officers and (3) setting our
corporate governance principles. Board Interlocks and Insider Participation None of our executive officers currently serves, or has served during the last completed fiscal year, on the board of directors
of any other entity that has one or more executive officers serving as a member of our board of directors. Code of Business Conduct
and Ethics We have adopted a code of business conduct and ethics that applies to all of our employees, officers and
directors, including our chief executive and executive financial officers. Our code of business conduct and ethics addresses, among other things, the handling of conflicts of interest, compliance issues and other corporate policies such as equal
opportunity and non-discrimination standards. The code of business conduct and ethics will be available on our website. Any substantive amendment to, or waiver of, a provision of the code of business conduct
and ethics that applies to our principal executive officer, principal financial officer, principal accounting officer or controller, or persons performing similar functions will be disclosed on our website. The information contained in, or that can
be accessed through, our website is not incorporated by reference in, and is not part of, this prospectus. Directors and Executive
Management Compensation The total amount of compensation paid and benefits in kind provided to our directors and
executive officers for services in all capacities to the company and its subsidiaries for the year ended December 31, 2023 was $27.8 million. Under Bermuda law, we are not required to disclose compensation paid to our directors or executive officers on an individual
basis and we have not otherwise publicly disclosed this information elsewhere. The compensation for each of our executive
officers is comprised of the following elements: base salary, bonus, perquisites and benefits under employee benefit plans. We have not set aside or accrued any amount to provide pension, retirement or other similar benefits to our directors and
executive officers. No portion of the compensation paid to our directors and executive officers for the year ended
December 31, 2023 was in the form of options. For a description of the arrangements involving the grant of options and other securities to service providers of the company and its subsidiaries, see “—Equity Incentive Plans.” Profit-Sharing Policy We have established an unwritten discretionary profit-sharing policy for our executive officers. The policy and its rules were
initially developed by the board of directors of Viking River Cruises Ltd at a meeting held on November 22, 2009, and then approved by the board of directors of Viking River Cruises Ltd on January 21, 2010. The policy has been maintained
by us over time. Payments have been made under the policy to our executive officers for each year since the policy was adopted, including the year ended December 31, 2023. The 136 Table of Contents policy does not apply to our non-employee directors. The final amount of the profit-sharing payment to an individual is generally based on the consolidated
results of our subsidiary, VCL, which results may be forecasted through year-end when full-year results are not available at the time the bonuses are paid. Under the terms of the policy, each of our executive
officers who is a beneficiary of the policy is generally assigned a target bonus as a percentage of their annual salary when the consolidated results of VCL exceeds a minimum threshold. In the event that the consolidated results exceed the minimum
threshold, each individual’s amount is generally determined by multiplying the base amount by an index applicable to all participants. Discretionary adjustments or modifications to the general terms of our profit-sharing policy may be made
based on individual performance or as otherwise determined from time to time by our board of directors based on factors impacting our results. Bonuses are generally payable to executives who have not tendered their resignation as of the bonus
payment date. Equity Incentive Plans Viking Holdings Ltd Second Amended and Restated 2018 Equity Incentive Plan Overview. Our board of directors adopted the 2018 Plan to enable us to grant awards of incentive options, non-statutory
options, restricted shares, RSUs and other share-based awards to our employees, directors and other service providers, as well as the employees, directors and service providers of our affiliates, with respect to our ordinary shares. The awards are
granted by our board of directors from time to time, in its sole discretion, and are evidenced by written award agreements. As of December 31, 2023, there were options outstanding with respect to 2,949,830 ordinary shares (with a weighted
average exercise price of $15.57) and RSUs outstanding with respect to 18,870,930 ordinary shares. No other types of awards were outstanding under the 2018 Plan. In connection with this offering, our board of directors adopted, and our shareholders approved, the second amendment and
restatement of the 2018 Plan for the purpose of granting awards as a public company following the offering (the “Post-IPO 2018 Plan”). The Post-IPO 2018 Plan will become effective on the effective date of our registration statement related
to this offering. Share reserve. We have reserved 54,600,000 ordinary shares for issuance under the Post-IPO 2018
Plan, of which approximately 13,824,564 ordinary shares remain available for future issuance, plus any ordinary shares underlying outstanding share awards previously granted under the 2018 Plan that expire or are repurchased, forfeited, cancelled or
withheld. The number of shares reserved for issuance under the Post-IPO 2018 Plan will be subject to an annual increase on the first day of each calendar year beginning in 2025 and ending in 2034, equal to the lesser of (1) 1.0% of the total number
of ordinary shares and special shares outstanding on December 31 of the preceding calendar year and (2) such smaller number of ordinary shares as determined by our board of directors at any time prior to the first day of a given calendar year. Options . Option awards may be granted as incentive options or non-statutory options. The plan administrator
determines the exercise price per share with respect to each option, which shall in no event be less than 100% of the fair market value of the underlying share on the date the option is granted (or 110% in the case of incentive options granted to
individuals then owning more than 10% of the total combined voting power of all classes of our shares), except with respect to certain substitute options granted in connection with a corporate transaction. In certain circumstances, such as a share
split, share dividend, recapitalization, merger or any other change in the corporate structure affecting the outstanding shares, the exercise price of outstanding options will be appropriately adjusted. Following this offering, options may be exercised at such times as determined by the plan administrator. If a
participant’s service relationship with us ends for any reason, any options that have not vested as of the date the participant terminates service with us are forfeited. The term of each option award may not exceed 10 years after the date of
grant (or five years in the case of incentive options granted to individuals then owning more than 10% of the total combined voting power of all classes of our shares). 137 Table of Contents Restricted Shares. Restricted shares may be awarded from time to
time in consideration for services or may be offered by the plan administrator for purchase. The plan administrator determines the terms and conditions of restricted shares, including the applicable restriction period and forfeiture terms. If a
participant’s service relationship with us ends for any reason, we may receive any or all of the restricted shares held by the participant that have not vested as of the date the participant terminates service with us through a forfeiture
condition or a repurchase right in accordance with the applicable award agreement. Restricted Share
Units. RSUs may be awarded from time to time on such terms and conditions as the plan administrator determines, including the applicable vesting period and settlement terms. RSUs may be settled in ordinary shares, cash or a combination of
cash and ordinary shares as deemed appropriate by the plan administrator. Additionally, dividend equivalents may be credited in respect of the ordinary shares covered by RSUs at the discretion of the plan administrator. If a participant’s
service relationship with us ends for any reason, any RSUs held by the participant that have not vested as of the date the participant terminates service are forfeited in accordance with the applicable award agreement, except as otherwise determined
by the plan administrator. Other Share-Based Awards. Other share-based awards may be awarded by the plan
administrator and denominated in cash, shares or other securities in such amounts, and on such terms and conditions, as determined by the plan administrator. Vesting Schedules. The vesting schedules for awards are set forth in the applicable award agreements, as determined by
the plan administrator, and provide that the ordinary shares subject to RSU awards vest after all vesting conditions are satisfied. All RSUs previously granted under the 2018 plan include a liquidity vesting condition that will be satisfied in
connection with this offering. In addition, some awards previously granted under the 2018 Plan include a time vesting condition that will be satisfied on the second or fourth anniversary of the vesting commencement date set forth in the applicable
award agreement, subject to the participant’s continuous service through such date. For some awards, the time vesting condition is accelerated if the liquidity vesting condition is met prior to the time vesting condition. Administration. The Post-IPO 2018 Plan is administered by our board of directors or a committee thereof if, and to the
extent that, our board of directors has delegated such authority to a committee. Our board of directors intends to delegate its authority to administer the Post-IPO 2018 Plan to our Compensation Committee. Certain Transactions . In the event of any change to our outstanding shares, such as share splits, share dividends,
bonus share issues, reverse share split, recapitalization, merger, consolidation, or a combination or exchange of shares or other change in our corporate structure affecting the outstanding shares, the plan administrator shall make appropriate
adjustments in order to prevent the dilution or enlargement of benefits under the Post-IPO 2018 Plan, any such adjustments determined by the plan administrator shall be final, binding and conclusive. In the event of a change in control of our
company, all outstanding unvested awards will become vested and exercisable, unless the awards will be assumed or substituted for by the successor corporation or otherwise continued in effect or replaced pursuant to the terms of the change in
control transaction. The plan administrator, in its sole discretion, will determine the treatment of outstanding awards in connection with change in control transaction. Transfer Restrictions. Awards may not be transferred in any manner by a participant other than in the event of
such participant’s death, unless otherwise determined by the plan administrator. Recoupment . Awards will be
subject to the provisions of any applicable clawback policy implemented by our company and to the extent set forth in such clawback policy. Amendment and Termination. The Post-IPO 2018 Plan will terminate 10 years after its adoption, unless earlier
terminated by our board of directors. Our board of directors may amend or terminate the Post-IPO 2018 Plan at any time; provided, however, that such amendment or termination does not adversely affect outstanding awards, unless the participants
consent or such amendment or termination is required by applicable law. 138 Table of Contents Viking Holdings Ltd 2024 Employee Share Purchase Plan Overview. In connection with this offering, our board of directors adopted, and our shareholders approved, the 2024
ESPP. The purpose of the 2024 ESPP is to secure the services of new employees, to retain the services of existing employees and to provide incentives for such individuals to exert maximum efforts toward our success. The 2024 ESPP will become
effective on the effective date of our registration statement related to this offering. We have not authorized any offerings under the 2024 ESPP as of the date of this prospectus. Share Reserve. We have reserved 4,680,000 ordinary shares for issuance pursuant to a series of purchase rights under
the 2024 ESPP. In addition, the number of shares reserved for issuance under the 2024 ESPP will be subject to an annual increase on the first day of each calendar year beginning in 2025 and ending in 2034, equal to the lesser of (1) 1.0% of the
total number of ordinary shares and special shares outstanding on December 31 of the preceding calendar year; (2) 4,680,000 ordinary shares; and (3) such smaller number of ordinary shares as determined by our board of directors at any time prior to
the first day of a given calendar year. Qualified and Non-Qualified Offerings Permitted. The 2024 ESPP includes
two components: a “423 Component” and a “Non 423 Component.” The 423 Component is intended to qualify as an employee stock purchase plan within the meaning of Section 423 of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the
“Code”). The provisions of the 423 Component will be construed in a manner that is consistent with the requirements of Section 423 of the Code to allow eligible U.S. employees to purchase our ordinary shares in a manner that may qualify
for favorable tax treatment under Section 423 of the Code. In addition, the 2024 ESPP authorizes grants of purchase rights under the Non-423 Component that do not meet the requirements of Section 423 of the Code in order to allow deviations
necessary to permit participation by eligible service providers who are foreign nationals or employees who are employed outside of the United States while complying with applicable foreign laws. Except as otherwise provided in the 2024 ESPP or
determined by the plan administrator, the Non-423 Component will be operated and administered in the same manner as the 423 Component. Offerings. The 2024 ESPP will be implemented by offerings of rights to all eligible employees and eligible service
providers from time to time. Offerings may be comprised of one or more purchase periods. The maximum length for an offering under the 2024 ESPP is 27 months. The provisions of separate offerings need not be identical. When a participant elects to
join an offering, he or she is granted a purchase right to acquire ordinary shares on each purchase date within the offering, each corresponding to the end of a purchase period within such offering. On each purchase date, all payroll deductions
collected from the participant during such purchase period are automatically applied to the purchase of shares, subject to certain limitations. Participation. On each offering date, each eligible employee or eligible service provider, pursuant to an offering made
under the 2024 ESPP, will be granted a purchase right to purchase up to that number of ordinary shares purchasable either with a percentage or with a maximum dollar amount, as designated by the plan administrator; provided however, that in the case
of eligible employees, such percentage or maximum dollar amount will in either case not exceed 15% of such employee’s earnings during the period that begins on the offering date (or such later date as the plan administrator determines for a
particular offering) and ends on the date stated in the offering, which date will be no later than the end of the offering, unless otherwise provided for in an offering. In the event that a participant is no longer an eligible employee or eligible
service provider, any purchase rights granted to such participant pursuant to any offering under the 2024 ESPP will terminate immediately and we will distribute all of his or her accumulated but unused payroll contributions as soon as practicable. Purchase Price. The purchase price of ordinary shares acquired pursuant to purchase rights will be not less than
the lesser of (1) 85% of the fair market value of the shares on the offering date; or (2) 85% of the fair market value of the shares on the applicable purchase date (i.e., the last day of the applicable purchase period). Payment of Purchase Price; Payroll Deductions. The purchase price of the shares is accumulated by payroll deductions
over the offering. To the extent permitted in the offering document, a participant may increase, reduce 139 Table of Contents or terminate his or her payroll deductions. All payroll deductions made on behalf of a participant are credited to his or her account under the 2024 ESPP and deposited with our general funds. To
the extent permitted in the offering document, a participant may make additional payments into such account. If required under applicable laws or regulations or if specifically provided in the offering, in addition to or instead of making
contributions by payroll deductions, a participant may make contributions through a payment by cash, check, or wire transfer prior to a purchase date, in a manner we direct. Purchase of Shares. The plan administrator will establish one or more purchase dates during an offering on which
purchase rights granted for that offering will be exercised and shares will be purchased in accordance with such offering. In connection with each offering, the plan administrator may specify a maximum number of shares of that may be purchased by
any participant or all participants. If the aggregate purchase of shares issuable on exercise of purchase rights granted under the offering would exceed any such maximum aggregate number, then, in the absence of any plan administrator action
otherwise, a pro rata (based on each participant’s accumulated contributions) allocation of the shares available will be made in as uniformly and equitably as possible. Administration. The 2024 ESPP is administered by our board of directors or a committee thereof if, and to the extent
that, our board of directors has delegated such authority to a committee. Our board of directors intends to delegate its authority to administer the 2024 ESPP to our Compensation Committee. Certain Transactions. In the event of a change in control of our company, any then-outstanding purchase rights may be
assumed, continued or substituted for by any surviving or acquiring entity (or its parent company). If the surviving or acquiring entity (or its parent company) elects not to assume, continue or substitute for the outstanding purchase rights, then
the participants’ accumulated payroll contributions will be used to purchase ordinary shares prior to the change in control (with such purchase date to be determined by the plan administrator) under such purchase rights, and the purchase rights
will terminate immediately after such purchase. The plan administrator will notify each participant in writing, prior to the new purchase date that the purchase date for the participant’s purchase rights has been changed to the new purchase
date and that such purchase rights will be automatically exercised on the new purchase date, unless prior to such date the participant has withdrawn from the offering. No Transfers of Purchase Rights. Purchase rights will be exercisable only by a participant during such
participant’s lifetime. Purchase rights are not transferable by a participant, except by will, by the laws of descent and distribution, or, if approved by us, by a beneficiary designation. Amendment, Suspension and Termination. The plan administrator may amend, suspend or terminate the 2024 ESPP at any
time; provided, however, that such amendment, suspension or termination does not materially impair any outstanding purchase rights without the participants’ consent, or unless such treatment is required by applicable law or to effect the
desired tax, listing or regulatory treatment. Clawback In connection with this offering, we have adopted a clawback policy that is compliant with the New York Stock Exchange Listing
Rules, as required by the Dodd-Frank Act, to be effective upon the closing of this offering. All incentive-based compensation, including payments under our profit-sharing policy, paid to our executive officers may be subject to reduction,
cancelation or recoupment under our written clawback policy and any future clawback policy that we may adopt and any applicable law related to clawback, cancellation, recoupment, recission, payback reduction or other similar actions. 140 Table of Contents PRINCIPAL AND SELLING SHAREHOLDERS The following table sets forth information with respect to the beneficial ownership of our ordinary shares and our
special shares as of December 31, 2023 by: • | each person or group of affiliated persons known by us to own beneficially 5% or more of our issued outstanding ordinary shares or our issued and outstanding special shares; • | each of our directors and executive officers individually; • | all of our executive officers and directors as a group; and • | the selling shareholders. The beneficial ownership of our ordinary shares and our special shares is determined in accordance with the rules of the SEC
and generally includes any shares over which a person exercises sole or shared voting or investment power, or the right to receive the economic benefit of ownership. Under such rules, beneficial ownership includes any shares over which a person has
sole or shared voting power or investment power, or the right to receive economic benefit of ownership, as well as any shares subject to options, warrants or other rights that are currently exercisable or exercisable within 60 days of
December 31, 2023. For purposes of the table below, we deem shares subject to options, RSUs, warrants or other rights that are currently exercisable or exercisable within 60 days of December 31, 2023 to be outstanding and to be
beneficially owned by the person holding the options, RSUs or warrants for the purposes of computing the ownership and percentage ownership of that person but we do not treat them as outstanding for the purpose of computing the percentage ownership
of any other person. Except where otherwise indicated, we believe, based on information furnished to us by such owners, that the beneficial owners of the shares listed below have sole investment and voting power with respect to such shares. The number and percentage of shares beneficially owned prior to this offering is computed on the basis of 292,683,900 ordinary
shares and 127,771,124 special shares outstanding as of December 31, 2023 after giving effect to (1) the Conversion Event and (2) the RSU Net Settlement. The number and percentage of shares beneficially owned after this offering has
been computed on the basis of 303,683,900 ordinary shares and 127,771,124 special shares outstanding as of December 31, 2023 after giving effect to (1) the Conversion Event, (2) the RSU Net Settlement, (3) the issuance and sale
of 11,000,000 ordinary shares by us in this offering and (4) the sale of 53,041,668 ordinary shares by the selling shareholders in this offering. The number and percentage of shares beneficially owned after this offering assumes no exercise of
the underwriters’ option to purchase up to 9,606,248 additional ordinary shares from the selling shareholders. Unless otherwise noted below, the address of each shareholder, director and executive officer is c/o Viking Holdings Ltd,
94 Pitts Bay Road, Pembroke, Bermuda HM 08. Shares Beneficially Owned Prior to this Offering | Shares Beneficially Owned After this Offering
Name of Beneficial Owner | Number of Ordinary Shares | % | Number of Special Shares | % | Percentage of Total Outstanding | Percentage of Voting Power | Number of Ordinary Shares | % | Number of Special Shares | % | Percentage of Total Outstanding | Percentage of Voting Power
5% Shareholders and Selling Shareholders
Viking Capital Limited (1) | 97,484,764 | 33.3 | 127,704,616 | 99.9 | 53.6 | 87.5 | 97,484,764 | 32.1 | 127,704,616 | 99.9 | 52.2 | 86.9
CPP Investment Board PMI-3 Inc. (2) | 92,133,600 | 31.5 | — | — | 21.9 | 5.9 | 65,612,766 | 21.6 | — | — | 15.2 | 4.1
TPG VII Valhalla Holdings, L.P. (3) | 92,133,600 | 31.5 | — | — | 21.9 | 5.9 | 65,612,766 | 21.6 | — | — | 15.2 | 4.1
Executive Officers and Directors
Torstein Hagen (1) (4) | 98,924,956 | 33.8 | 127,704,616 | 99.9 | 53.9 | 87.6 | 98,924,956 | 32.6 | 127,704,616 | 99.9 | 52.5 | 87.0
Leah Talactac | * | * | — | — | * | * | * | * | — | — | * | *
Linh Banh | * | * | — | — | * | * | * | * | — | — | * | *
Jeff Dash | * | * | — | — | * | * | * | * | — | — | * | *
Karine Hagen (1) (5) | 98,924,956 | 33.8 | 127,771,124 | 100.0 | 53.9 | 87.7 | 98,924,956 | 32.6 | 127,771,124 | 100.0 | 52.5 | 87.0 141 Table of Contents Shares Beneficially Owned Prior to this Offering | Shares Beneficially Owned After this Offering
Name of Beneficial Owner | Number of Ordinary Shares | % | Number of Special Shares | % | Percentage of Total Outstanding | Percentage of Voting Power | Number of Ordinary Shares | % | Number of Special Shares | % | Percentage of Total Outstanding | Percentage of Voting Power
Anton Hofmann | * | * | — | — | * | * | * | * | — | — | * | *
Milton Hugh | * | * | — | — | * | * | * | * | — | — | * | *
Richard Marnell | * | * | — | — | * | * | * | * | — | — | * | *
Richard Fear | — | — | — | — | — | — | — | — | — | — | — | —
Morten Garman | — | — | — | — | — | — | — | — | — | — | — | —
Paul Hackwell (6) | — | — | — | — | — | — | — | — | — | — | — | —
Kathy Mayor | — | — | — | — | — | — | — | — | — | — | — | —
Tore Myrholt | — | — | — | — | — | — | — | — | — | — | — | —
Pat Naccarato | — | — | — | — | — | — | — | — | — | — | — | —
Jack Weingart (7) | — | — | — | — | — | — | — | — | — | — | — | —
All Directors and Executive Officers as a group (15 people) (8) | 105,674,659 | 36.0 | 127,771,124 | 100.0 | 55.4 | 88.0 | 105,674,659 | 34.7 | 127,771,124 | 100.0 | 54.0 | 87.4 * | Amounts represent less than 1% of issued and outstanding ordinary shares. (1) | The sole shareholder of Viking Capital Limited is Pallice Global, Inc., which is wholly owned by the Torstein Hagen Interest in Possession Settlement, a Cayman Islands trust (the “Trust”), of which a third-party licensed and regulated institution is the sole trustee. Torstein Hagen is the sole non-discretionary beneficiary of the Trust’s income during his lifetime. In addition, Mr. Hagen and his daughter, Karine Hagen, have discretionary interests in the capital of the Trust. Ms. Hagen is the current protector of the Trust with consent rights over the voting and disposition of securities directly or indirectly owned by the Trust. Mr. Hagen, as the settlor of the Trust, has the power to appoint a new or additional trustee of the Trust and to remove and replace the protector of the Trust. Ms. Hagen, as current protector of the Trust, has the power to remove a trustee of the Trust and, following the settlor’s death, appoint a new or additional trustee. Based on the above, Mr. Hagen and Ms. Hagen may be deemed to share beneficial ownership over the securities beneficially owned by the Trust, including the ordinary shares and special shares owned by Viking Capital Limited. (2) | Investment and voting power with regard to shares held by CPP Investment Board PMI-3 Inc. rests with Canada Pension Plan Investment Board. John Graham is the President and Chief Executive Officer of Canada Pension Plan Investment Board and, in such capacity, may be deemed to have voting and dispositive power with respect to the ordinary shares beneficially owned by Canada Pension Plan Investment Board. Mr. Graham disclaims beneficial ownership over any such shares. The address of Canada Pension Plan Investment Board is One Queen Street East, Suite 2500, P.O. Box 101, Toronto, Ontario, M5C 2W5, Canada. (3) | The general partner of TPG VII Valhalla Holdings, L.P. is TPG VII SPV GP, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, whose sole member is TPG GenPar VII, L.P., a Delaware limited partnership, whose general partner is TPG GenPar VII Advisors, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, whose sole member is TPG Operating Group I, L.P., a Delaware limited partnership, whose general partner is TPG Holdings I-A, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, whose sole member is TPG Operating Group II, L.P., a Delaware limited partnership, whose general partner is TPG Holdings II-A, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, whose sole member is TPG GPCo, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, whose sole member is TPG Inc., a Delaware corporation, whose shares of Class B common stock (which represent a majority of the combined voting power of the common stock) are held collectively by (i) TPG Group Holdings (SBS), L.P., a Delaware limited partnership, whose general partner is TPG Group Holdings (SBS) Advisors, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, (ii) Alabama Investments (Parallel), LP, a Delaware limited partnership, whose general partner is Alabama Investments (Parallel) GP, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (“Alabama Investments”), (iii) Alabama Investments (Parallel) Founder A, LP, a Delaware limited partnership, whose general partner is Alabama Investments, and (iv) Alabama Investments (Parallel) Founder G, LP, a Delaware limited partnership, whose general partner is Alabama Investments. The managing member of each of TPG Group Holdings (SBS) Advisors, LLC and Alabama Investments is TPG GP A, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, which is owned by entities owned by David Bonderman, James G. Coulter and Jon Winkelried. Messrs. Bonderman, Coulter and Winkelried disclaim beneficial ownership of the securities held by TPG VII Valhalla Holdings, L.P., except to the extent of their pecuniary interest therein, if any. The address of each of TPG GP A, LLC and Messrs. Bonderman, Coulter and Winkelried is c/o TPG Inc., 301 Commerce Street, Suite 3300, Fort Worth, Texas 76102. (4) | Consists of (a) the shares described in footnote (1) above, (b) 94,276 ordinary shares subject to stock options that are currently exercisable and (c) 1,345,916 ordinary shares issued in the RSU Net Settlement. (5) | Consists of (a) the shares described in footnote (1) above, (b) 94,276 ordinary shares subject to stock options that are currently exercisable, (c) 1,345,916 ordinary shares issued in the RSU Net Settlement and (d) 66,508 special shares held directly by Ms. Hagen. (6) | Paul Hackwell, who is one of our directors, is a TPG Partner. Mr. Hackwell has no voting or investment power over and disclaims beneficial ownership of the shares held by TPG VII Valhalla Holdings, L.P. The address of Mr. Hackwell is c/o TPG Global, LLC, 301 Commerce Street, Suite 3300, Fort Worth, Texas 76102. (7) | Jack Weingart, who is one of our directors, is a TPG Partner. Mr. Weingart has no voting or investment power over and disclaims beneficial ownership of the shares held by TPG VII Valhalla Holdings, L.P. The address of Mr. Weingart is c/o TPG Global, LLC, 301 Commerce Street, Suite 3300, Fort Worth, Texas 76102. (8) | Includes (a) 754,208 ordinary shares subject to stock options that are currently exercisable and (b) 7,435,687 ordinary shares issued in the RSU Net Settlement. 142 Table of Contents CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS The following is a description of related-party transactions we have entered into since January 1, 2021, with any of the
members of the board of directors, executive officers or holders of more than 5% of any class of our voting securities at the time of such transaction. Management Services Agreement We provide certain finance, accounting and management services to our principal shareholder and its affiliates. In exchange for
these services, we charge our principal shareholder for the portion of our salary expense attributable to providing these services. From time to time, we also incur expenses on behalf of our principal shareholder and its affiliates for which we are
reimbursed. As of December 31, 2023 and 2022, current receivables due from our principal shareholder and its affiliates were $0.7 million and $1.6 million, respectively, related to management services fees and expense reimbursements. Series C Preference Shares On February 8, 2021, we issued 184,267,200 Series C Preference Shares to our financial shareholders with an equal
number of shares issued to each financial shareholder. Our Series C Preference Shares were issued for cash consideration of $700.0 million and in exchange for our repurchase and cancellation of all outstanding Series A Preference Shares
and Series B Preference Shares. This transaction resulted in $500.0 million of net proceeds to us, after using $200.0 million of the proceeds to repurchase shares from our principal shareholder. For the year ended December 31, 2021, we paid $128.8 million in dividends, of which $77.6 million related to
dividends to the holders of our Series C Preference Shares and $51.2 million related to dividends to the holders of our ordinary shares, special shares and preference shares. For the year ended December 31, 2022, we paid $131.5 million in dividends, of which $85.0 million related to
dividends to the holders of our Series C Preference Shares and $46.5 million related to dividends to the holders of our ordinary shares, special shares and preference shares. For the year ended December 31, 2023, we paid $134.3 million in dividends, of which $85.0 million related to
dividends to the holders of our Series C Preference Shares and $49.3 million related to dividends to the holders of our ordinary shares, special shares and preference shares. On April 9, 2024, we paid $46.8 million in dividends, of which $28.6 million related to dividends to the holders of our
Series C Preference Shares and $18.2 million related to dividends to the holders of our ordinary shares, special shares and preference shares. Warrants to our Principal Shareholder On February 8, 2021, in connection with the issuance of Series C Preference Shares to our financial shareholders, we
issued two warrants to our principal shareholder to purchase up to an aggregate of 8,733,400 ordinary shares at an exercise purchase price of $0.01 per ordinary share. The number of warrants that vest is based on either the proceeds to our financial
shareholders or the trading price of our ordinary shares starting 180 days after the date of this prospectus. The number of warrants that vest depends on the value per ordinary share, with 0% vesting at $15.38 or lower price per ordinary share and
100% vesting at $23.08 or higher price per ordinary share, and linear vesting between $15.38 and $23.08 per ordinary share. The vesting period for each warrant expires upon the later of February 8, 2026, or the sale, distribution or other
transfer of 100% of the respective financial shareholder’s shares held in us. 143 Table of Contents Investor Rights Agreement—Rights of Appointment, Consent Rights, Registration Rights
and Restrictions on Transfers We have entered into an investor rights agreement with our principal shareholder and our
financial shareholders (the “Investor Rights Agreement”) pursuant to which our principal shareholder has the right to designate four nominees to our board of directors and each of our financial shareholders has the right to designate two
nominees to our board of directors, subject to the maintenance of specified ownership requirements. Other than the Investor Rights Agreement, we are not a party to, and are not aware of, any voting agreements currently in effect among our
shareholders. Under the Investor Rights Agreement, the following actions require the prior consent of our principal
shareholder and each of our financial shareholders, subject to the maintenance of specified ownership requirements: (1) issuing (a) equity securities that are senior to our ordinary shares or (b) an aggregate amount of equity
securities, in any twelve (12) month period, that exceeds 5% of our then issued and outstanding total number of shares, subject to certain exceptions; and (2) making any acquisition or disposition of assets or securities with a value in
excess of $1 billion, whether structured as an asset or equity purchase, merger, amalgamation, investment, joint venture, share exchange, reorganization, recapitalization or otherwise. We have also granted our principal shareholder and our financial shareholders registration rights as described below. The
Investor Rights Agreement provides that we will pay certain expenses relating to such registrations and indemnify our principal shareholder and our financial shareholders against certain liabilities that may arise under the Securities Act. Subject to certain exceptions, the Investor Rights Agreement prohibits our financial shareholders from transferring, directly
or indirectly, any ordinary shares to certain competitors without prior approval of our board of directors. In addition, under the Investor Rights Agreement, our financial shareholders are required to notify us following any transfer of their
ordinary shares. The Investor Right Agreement will terminate when (a) in the case of each financial shareholder,
such financial shareholder no longer owns any of the ordinary shares issued upon the Series C Preference Shares Conversion and (b) in the case of our principal shareholder, when our principal shareholder ceases to own any ordinary shares. Shelf Registration Demand Rights At any time after 90 days following the consummation of this offering, holders of our registrable securities may request that
we file a registration statement covering a number of registerable securities that would result in gross proceeds that would, based on an anticipated aggregate offering price, after payment of the underwriting discount and commissions, exceed, in
the event of a block trade, $50 million, or in the event of a public offering other than a block trade, $75 million. We will not be required to effect more than three registrations on Form F-1 or Form S-1 within a 365-day period. We have the right to defer such registration under certain circumstances. Piggyback Registration Rights In the event that we propose to register any of our securities under the Securities Act, either for our own account or for the
account of other security holders, in connection with such offering, certain holders of our registrable securities will be entitled to certain piggyback registration rights allowing the holder to include its registrable securities in such
registration, subject to certain marketing and other limitations. As a result, whenever we propose to file a registration statement under the Securities Act, the holders of these shares are entitled to notice of the registration and have the right,
subject to certain limitations, to include their shares in the registration. 144 Table of Contents Agreements with Directors and Officers Employment Agreements. We have entered into written employment agreements with certain of our executive officers.
Certain of these agreements provide for notice periods of varying duration for termination of the agreement by us or by the relevant executive officer, during which time the executive officer may continue to receive salary and benefits. Certain of
these agreements also contain customary provisions regarding non-competition, non-solicitation and confidentiality of information. However, the enforceability of the non-competition provisions may be subject to limitations under applicable law. Awards. We have granted options and RSUs to certain employees and members of our board of directors. We describe
our equity incentive plans under “Management—Equity Incentive Plans.” Since January 1, 2021, we have not granted any options to our directors, officers, employees, consultants or other service providers. No options have been
exercised since January 1, 2021. Exculpation, Indemnification and Insurance. Our bye-laws to be effective upon the consummation of this offering permit us to exculpate, indemnify and insure our directors and officers to the fullest extent permitted by the Companies Act. We have entered into
agreements with certain directors and officers, exculpating them from a breach of their duty of care to us to the fullest extent permitted by law and undertaking to indemnify them to the fullest extent permitted by law, subject to certain
exceptions, including with respect to liabilities resulting from this offering to the extent that these liabilities are not covered by insurance. Related Party Transaction Policy Our board of directors has adopted a written related party transaction policy, to be effective upon the consummation of this
offering, to set forth the policies and procedures for the review and approval or ratification of related person transactions. This policy will cover any transaction, arrangement or relationship in which we are a participant, the amount involved
exceeds $120,000 and one of our executive officers, directors, or beneficial owners of more than 5% of our ordinary shares (or their immediate family members), each of whom we refer to as a “related person,” has a direct or indirect
material interest. 145 Table of Contents DESCRIPTION OF SHARE CAPITAL The following is a description of the material terms of our bye-laws and our
memorandum of association as they will be in effect upon the consummation of this offering. The following description may not contain all of the information that is important to you and we therefore refer you to our memorandum of association and our
form of bye-laws, which are filed with the SEC as exhibits to the registration statement of which this prospectus is a part. General We are a Bermuda exempted company with limited liability. Our affairs are governed by our memorandum of association, our bye-laws and Bermuda law. The objects of our business are unrestricted, and the company has the capacity of a natural person. Shares General Upon the consummation of this offering, our authorized share capital will consist of 1,329,120,000 ordinary
shares, par value $0.01 per share, and 156,000,000 special shares, par value $0.01 per share. As of December 31, 2023, we had 303,683,900 ordinary shares issued and outstanding and 127,771,124 special shares issued and outstanding, after giving
effect to this offering. Holders of our ordinary shares and special shares have identical rights other than with respect to voting, conversion and transfer rights. Holders of our ordinary shares and special shares have no preemptive, subscription,
redemption or sinking fund rights. All issued and outstanding shares are validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable. A register of holders of our ordinary shares and our special shares will be maintained by Conyers Corporate Services (Bermuda) Limited in Bermuda, and a branch register will be maintained in the
United States by Equiniti Trust Company, LLC, who will serve as branch registrar and transfer agent. As of
December 31, 2023, we had three holders of record of our ordinary shares and two holders of record of our special shares. Our board of directors may issue any of our authorized but unissued shares without further shareholder action, unless
shareholder action is required by our bye-laws, Bermuda law or the NYSE rules. There are no limitations on the right of non-Bermudians or non-residents of Bermuda to hold or vote our shares. Only our ordinary shares will be listed for trading on the NYSE. Voting Rights Each ordinary share is entitled to one vote, and each special share is entitled to 10 votes, on all matters upon which the
shares are entitled to vote. The holders of our ordinary shares and special shares will generally vote together as a single class on all matters submitted to a vote of our shareholders (including the election of directors) unless otherwise required
by Bermuda law or our bye-laws. Conversion Each special share will be convertible into one ordinary share at any time at the option of the holder. In addition, each
special share will convert automatically into one ordinary share upon any transfer, whether or not for value, except for transfers to permitted transferees as described in our bye-laws, including transfers to family members, certain trusts for
estate planning purposes and entities under common control with such transferee. 146 Table of Contents All of the issued and outstanding special shares will convert automatically
into ordinary shares upon the first date on which the aggregate number of issued and outstanding special shares ceases to represent at least 10% of the aggregate number of then issued and outstanding ordinary shares and special shares. Once
converted into ordinary shares, special shares will be cancelled and will not be reissued. Transfer of Shares Our shares may be freely transferred under our bye-laws, unless the transfer is
restricted or prohibited by another instrument or applicable law. Each special share will convert automatically into one
ordinary share upon sale or transfer (other than transfers to certain permitted transferees). Dividends The holders of our ordinary shares and our special shares will be entitled to such dividends as may be declared by our board of
directors, subject to the Companies Act and our bye-laws. Dividends and other distributions on issued and outstanding shares may be paid out of our funds lawfully available for such purpose, subject to any
preferential dividend rights of any outstanding preference shares. Any dividends we declare will be distributed such that a holder of one ordinary share will receive the same amount of dividends that are received by a holder of one special share. We
will not declare any dividend with respect to our ordinary shares without declaring a dividend on our special shares, and vice versa. Under Bermuda law, we may not declare or pay any dividends if there are reasonable grounds for believing that (1) we are,
or after the payment of such dividends would be, unable to pay our liabilities as they become due or (2) the realizable value of our assets would thereby be less than our liabilities. There are no restrictions on our ability to transfer funds
(other than funds denominated in Bermuda dollars) in and out of Bermuda or to pay dividends to U.S. residents who are holders of our ordinary shares and special shares. Liquidation In the event of our liquidation, dissolution or winding up, the holders of our ordinary shares and special shares are entitled
to share equally and ratably in our assets, if any, remaining after the payment of all of our debts and liabilities, subject to any preferential dividend rights of any outstanding preference shares. Variation of Rights As a matter of Bermuda law, the holders of one class of shares may not vary the voting rights of such class of shares relative
to another class of shares, without the approval of the holders of each other class of our shares then in issue. As such, if at any time we have more than one class of shares, the rights attaching to any class, unless otherwise provided for by the
terms of issue of the relevant class, may whether or not we are being wound-up, be varied with (1) the consent in writing of the holders of three-fourths of the issued shares of that class or
(2) with the sanction of a resolution passed by a majority of the votes cast at a separate general meeting of the holders of the shares of the class at which meeting the necessary quorum of at least two persons holding or representing by proxy
at least one-third of the total voting rights of all issued and outstanding shares of that class is present. The rights conferred upon the holders of the shares of any class issued with preferred or other
rights may not, unless otherwise expressly provided by the terms of issue of the shares of that class, be deemed to be varied by the creation or issue of further shares ranking pari passu therewith. Election and Removal of Directors Our bye-laws provide that our board of directors will consist of eight directors and
thereafter not more than the number of directors fixed by our board of directors from time to time. Our board of directors currently 147 Table of Contents consists of eight directors. Pursuant to the Investor Rights Agreement, any increase or decrease in the number of directors requires the consent of our principal shareholder and each of our
financial shareholders, subject to the maintenance of specified ownership requirements. Except in the case of a casual
vacancy, directors are elected or appointed to our board of directors at our annual general meeting or at any special general meeting called for that purpose. At any general meeting, the shareholders may authorize our board of directors to fill any
casual vacancy left unfilled at a general meeting. Pursuant to the Investor Rights Agreement, our principal shareholder has the right to appoint four of our directors and each of our financial shareholders has the right to appoint two of our
directors, subject to the maintenance of specified ownership requirements. Mr. Hagen, Mr. Fear, Mr. Garman and Mr. Myrholt were appointed by our principal shareholder. Mr. Hackwell and Mr. Weingart were appointed by
TPG. Ms. Mayor and Mr. Naccarato were appointed by CPP Investments. Our principal shareholder has the right to appoint the Chairman of our board of directors, subject to the maintenance of specified ownership requirements. Our bye-laws provide that the shareholders entitled to vote for the election of
directors may, at any special general meeting convened and held in accordance with our bye-laws, remove a director provided that the notice of any such meeting convened for the purpose of removing a director
must contain a statement of the intention so to do and be served on such director not less than 14 days before the meeting and at such meeting the director is entitled to be heard on the motion for such director’s removal. Proceedings of Board of Directors Our bye-laws provide that our business is to be managed and conducted by our board of
directors. The quorum necessary for the transaction of business at a meeting of our board of directors is one half of the total number of directors. Our board of directors may meet for the transaction of business, adjourn and otherwise regulate its
meetings as it sees fit. A resolution put to the vote at a meeting of our board of directors will be carried by the affirmative votes of a majority of the votes cast. In the event of an equality of votes for any resolution or matter put to a vote at
a meeting of our board of directors, the chairperson will have a second or casting vote. Bermuda law permits individual and corporate directors and there is no requirement in our bye-laws or Bermuda law that
directors hold any of our shares. Our bye-laws provide that the remuneration of
our directors is determined by our board of directors, and there is no requirement that a specified number or percentage of “independent” directors must approve any such determination. Our directors may also be paid all travel, hotel and
other expenses properly incurred by them in connection with our business or their duties as directors. Provided a
director discloses a direct or indirect interest in any contract or arrangement with us as required by Bermuda law, such director is entitled to vote in respect of any such contract or arrangement in which he or she is interested and be counted in
the quorum of the relevant meeting. Indemnity of Directors and Officers Our bye-laws provide that our directors, alternate directors, resident representative, chairperson, chief executive officer,
secretary and other officers, and the liquidator or trustees (if any) acting in relation to any of our affairs, and their heirs, executors and administrators, will be indemnified and secured harmless out of our assets from and against any and all
judgments, fines, penalties, excise taxes, amounts paid in settlement, and all direct and indirect costs and expenses (including, without limitation, attorneys’ fees and disbursements, experts’ fees, court costs, retainers, appeal bond
premiums, arbitration costs, arbitrators’ fees, transcript fees and duplicating, printing and binding costs, as well as telecommunications, postage and courier charges) (“losses”) actually and reasonably incurred by or on behalf of
such indemnified party in connection with any threatened, pending or completed action, suit or proceeding, whether civil, criminal, administrative or investigative, to which such indemnified party is or is threatened to be made a party, arising out
of, relating to, or resulting from the fact 148 Table of Contents that the indemnified party is or was our director, officer, employee, agent or fiduciary, or is or was a director, officer, employee, agent or fiduciary serving at our request as a director,
officer, employee, manager, member, partner, tax matters partner or partnership representative, trustee, agent or fiduciary, or similar capacity, of any of our subsidiaries or another corporation, limited liability company, partnership, joint
venture, employee benefit plan, trust or other entity or enterprise, or by reason of any act or omission by the indemnified party in any such capacity; provided that this indemnity will not extend to any indemnified party for any losses to the
extent such losses (a) arise directly out of the fraud or dishonesty of such indemnified party or (b) are incurred in connection with any action, suit or proceeding initiated by such indemnified party, except to the extent that the indemnified
party’s initiation of such action, suit or proceeding has been authorized by our board of directors or is brought to enforce such indemnified party’s rights to indemnification or advancement of expenses hereunder. Subject to Section 14 of the Securities Act and Section 29(a) of the Exchange Act, which render void any purported waiver of
the provisions of the Securities Act and the Exchange Act, respectively, our bye-laws provide that our shareholders waive all claims or rights of action that they might have, individually or in our right, against any of our directors or officers for
any act or failure to act in the performance of such director’s or officer’s duties, except in respect of any fraud or dishonesty. Such waiver would not be effective as a waiver of the right to sue for violations of the Securities Act or
the Exchange Act, the waiver of which would be prohibited by Section 14 of the Securities Act and Section 29(a) of the Exchange Act, respectively; and we do not intend this waiver be effective as a waiver of the right to sue for violations of the
Securities Act or the Exchange Act. Section 98A of the Companies Act permits us to purchase and maintain insurance for
the benefit of any officer or director in respect of any loss or liability attaching to him in respect of any negligence, default, breach of duty or breach of trust, whether or not we may otherwise indemnify such officer or director. We have
purchased and maintain a directors’ and officers’ liability policy for such purpose. Exclusive Forum Our bye-laws expressly state that unless we consent in writing, the courts of Bermuda will be the sole and exclusive forum for
(a) any action brought by or on behalf of us in relation to matters governed by the Companies Act or our bye-laws, (b) any action asserting a claim of breach of any duty owed by any of our directors or officers to us or any of our shareholders and
(c) any action asserting a claim against us or any director or officer arising under the laws of Bermuda or our bye-laws. In addition, our bye-laws expressly state that unless we consent in writing, the sole and exclusive forum for any action
asserting claims under the Securities Act or the Exchange Act, to the extent permitted by applicable law, shall be the United States federal district courts. Meetings of Shareholders Under Bermuda law, a company is required to convene an annual general meeting each calendar year. However, the shareholders may
by resolution waive this requirement, either for a specific year or period of time, or indefinitely. When the requirement has been so waived, any shareholder may, on notice to the company, terminate the waiver, in which case an annual general
meeting must be called. Bermuda law provides that a special general meeting of shareholders may be called by the board of
directors of a company and must be called upon the request of shareholders holding not less than 10% of the paid-up capital of the company carrying the right to vote at general meetings. Bermuda law also
requires that shareholders be given at least five business days’ advance notice of a general meeting, but the accidental omission to give notice to any person does not invalidate the proceedings at a meeting. Under our bye-laws, at least ten days’ notice of an annual general meeting or a
special general meeting must be given to each shareholder entitled to attend and vote at such meeting. This notice requirement is subject to the ability to hold such meetings on shorter notice if such notice is agreed: (1) in the case of an
annual general 149 Table of Contents meeting by all of the shareholders entitled to attend and vote at such meeting; or (2) in the case of a special general meeting by a majority in number of the shareholders entitled to attend
and vote at the meeting holding not less than 95% in par value of the shares entitled to vote at such meeting. At any
general meeting, the quorum required for the transaction of business is two or more shareholders present in person or by proxy who hold or represent between them a majority of the total voting rights of all issued and outstanding shares. To be passed at a general meeting, a resolution requires the affirmative vote of at least a majority of the votes cast at such
meeting, except that a resolution to approve an amalgamation or merger which the Companies Act requires to be approved by the shareholders requires the affirmative vote of not less than 75% of the votes entitled to be cast at the relevant general
meeting and the quorum necessary for such meeting is two persons at least holding or representing by proxy more than one-third of our issued shares. Subject to the Companies Act, at any general meeting a resolution put to the vote of the meeting will be voted upon in such
manner as the chairperson of the meeting decides. The chairperson of the meeting will direct the manner in which the shareholders participating in such meeting may cast their votes. A poll may be demanded by (1) the chairperson of the meeting;
(2) at least three shareholders present or voting by proxy; or (3) one or more shareholders present in person or by proxy hold or represent not less than one-tenth of the total voting rights of all
issued and outstanding shares or not less than one-tenth of the aggregate sum paid up on all issued and outstanding special and ordinary shares and any other shares having the right to attend and vote. Certain Provisions of Bermuda Law We have been designated by the Bermuda Monetary Authority as a non-resident for Bermuda
exchange control purposes. This designation allows us to engage in transactions in currencies other than the Bermuda dollar, and there are no restrictions on our ability to transfer funds (other than funds denominated in Bermuda dollars) in and out
of Bermuda or to pay dividends to United States residents who are holders of our ordinary or special shares. Consent
under the Exchange Control Act 1972 (and its related regulations) has been received from the Bermuda Monetary Authority for the issue and transfer of our ordinary shares to and between non-residents of Bermuda
for exchange control purposes provided our ordinary shares remain listed on an appointed stock exchange, which includes the NYSE. Approvals or permissions given by the Bermuda Monetary Authority do not constitute a guarantee by the Bermuda Monetary
Authority as to our performance or our creditworthiness. Accordingly, in giving such consent or permissions, the Bermuda Monetary Authority will not be liable for the financial soundness, performance or default of our business or for the correctness
of any opinions or statements expressed in this prospectus. Certain issues and transfers of our ordinary or special shares involving persons deemed resident in Bermuda for exchange control purposes require the specific consent of the Bermuda
Monetary Authority. Comparison of Bermuda Corporate Law and Delaware Corporate Law You should be aware that the Companies Act, which applies to us, differs in certain material respects from the General
Corporation Law of the State of Delaware (“DGCL”) which is applicable to Delaware corporations. In order to highlight these differences, set forth below is a summary of certain significant provisions of the Companies Act (including
modifications adopted pursuant to our bye-laws) and Bermuda common law applicable to us that differ in certain material respects from provisions of the DGCL and Delaware common law applicable to Delaware
corporations. Because the following statements are summaries, they do not address all aspects of Bermuda law that may be relevant to us and you or all aspects of Delaware law that may differ from Bermuda law. 150 Table of Contents Duties of Directors Our bye-laws provide that our business is to be managed and conducted by our board of
directors. Under Bermuda common law, members of the board of directors of a Bermuda company owe a fiduciary duty to the company to act in good faith in their dealings with or on behalf of the company and exercise their powers and fulfill the duties
of their office honestly. This duty includes the following essential elements: • | a duty to act in good faith in the best interests of the company; • | a duty not to make a personal profit from opportunities that arise from the office of director; • | a duty to avoid conflicts of interest; and • | a duty to exercise powers for the purpose for which such powers were intended. In addition to the duties above, the Companies Act imposes a duty on directors and officers of a Bermuda company to act
honestly and in good faith with a view to the best interests of the company, and to exercise the care, diligence and skill that a reasonably prudent person would exercise in comparable circumstances. In addition, the Companies Act imposes various
duties on directors and officers of a company with respect to certain matters of management and administration of the company. Directors and officers generally owe fiduciary duties to the company and not to the company’s individual
shareholders. Accordingly, our shareholders may not have a direct cause of action against our directors, except in respect of any fraud or dishonesty of such director. Under Delaware law, the business and affairs of a corporation are managed by or under the direction of its board of directors.
In carrying out their managerial role, directors are charged with the fiduciary duties of care and loyalty to the corporation and its stockholders. The duty of care requires that directors act in an informed and deliberative manner and inform
themselves, prior to making a business decision, of all material information reasonably available to them. The duty of care also requires that directors exercise a duty of oversight, which requires directors to attempt in good faith to assure that
the corporation implements adequate reporting and information systems and controls. The duty of loyalty requires that directors act in good faith and in the best interests of the corporation and its stockholders, without self-interest and without
being influenced by any conflicting interests. Delaware law provides that, in most instances, a party challenging the
propriety of a decision of a board of directors bears the burden of rebutting the presumption, afforded to directors by the “business judgment rule,” that, in making a business decision, directors acted on an informed basis, in good faith
and in the honest belief that the action taken was in the best interests of the corporation and its stockholders. Unless the presumption is rebutted, a board of directors’ decision will be upheld unless the directors were grossly negligent in
connection with reaching such decision or if the matter approved by the board of directors constitute a waste of corporate assets. If the presumption is not rebutted, the business judgment rule attaches in most instances to protect the directors and
their decisions, and their business judgments will not be second guessed. Where, however, the presumption is rebutted, the directors bear the burden of demonstrating the entire fairness of the relevant transaction. Notwithstanding the foregoing,
Delaware courts subject directors’ conduct to enhanced scrutiny in certain situations, including in connection with self-interested or related party transactions, when the board of directors takes certain defensive actions and in connection
with a sale of control of the corporation. Interested Directors Bermuda law and our bye-laws provide that if a director has a direct or indirect
interest in a material contract or proposed material contract with us or any of our subsidiaries or has a material interest in any person that is a party to such a contract, the director must disclose the nature of that interest at the first
opportunity either at a meeting of directors or in writing to the directors. Our bye-laws provide that, after a director has made such a declaration of interest, he is allowed to be counted for purposes of
determining whether a quorum is present and to vote on a transaction in which he has an interest, unless disqualified from doing so by the chairperson of the relevant board of directors meeting. 151 Table of Contents Under Delaware law, a transaction in which a director has a direct or
indirect financial or other interest is not void or voidable if (1) the material facts as to such interested director’s relationship or interest in such transaction are disclosed or are known to the board of directors (or the board
committee acting upon such transaction) and the board of directors (or such committee) in good faith authorizes the transaction by the affirmative vote of a majority of disinterested directors serving on the board of directors (or such board
committee, if applicable), (2) such material facts are disclosed or are known to the stockholders entitled to vote on such transaction and the transaction is specifically approved in good faith by vote of the stockholders or (3) the
transaction is fair as to the corporation as of the time it is authorized, approved or ratified by the board of directors, a board committee or stockholders, as applicable. Voting Rights and Quorum Requirements Under Bermuda law, the voting rights of our shareholders are regulated by our bye-laws and, in certain circumstances, the Companies Act. Under our bye-laws, two or more shareholders present in person or by proxy who hold or represent between them a majority of the total voting rights of all
issued and outstanding shares is a quorum for the transaction of business. To be passed at a general meeting, a resolution requires the affirmative vote of at least a majority of the votes cast at such meeting, except that a resolution to approve an
amalgamation or merger which the Companies Act requires to be approved by the shareholders requires the affirmative vote of not less than 75% of the votes entitled to be cast at the relevant general meeting and the quorum necessary for such meeting
is two persons at least holding or representing by proxy more than one-third of our issued shares. Any individual who is
our shareholder and who is present at a meeting and entitled to vote at such meeting may vote in person, as may any corporate shareholder that is represented by a duly authorized representative at a meeting of shareholders. Our bye-laws also permit attendance at general meetings by proxy, provided the instrument appointing the proxy is in the form specified in the bye-laws or such other form as our
board of directors may determine. Under our bye-laws, each holder of ordinary shares is entitled to one vote per ordinary share held and each holder of special shares is entitled to 10 votes per special share
held. Under the DGCL, unless otherwise provided in a corporation’s certificate of incorporation, each stockholder is
entitled to one vote for each share of stock held by the stockholder. The DGCL provides that, unless otherwise provided in a corporation’s certificate of incorporation or bylaws, a majority of the shares entitled to vote, present in person or
represented by proxy, constitutes a quorum at a meeting of stockholders (but in no event may the certificate of incorporate provide for a quorum of less than one-third of the shares entitled to vote at such
meeting). In matters other than the election of directors, subject to certain exceptions (including mergers and amendments to the certificate of incorporation), the affirmative vote of a majority of shares present in person or represented by proxy
and entitled to vote at a stockholders’ meeting at which a quorum is present is required for stockholder approval of any action, unless a higher percentage is required by the corporation’s certificate of incorporation. Stockholders may
also approve any matter that may be taken by them at an annual or special meeting by written consent in lieu of a meeting, unless the certificate of incorporation denies stockholders the right to act by consent. Approval of any matter by consent of
stockholders requires delivery of written or electronic consents executed by holders of shares of outstanding stock having not less than the minimum votes as would be required to approve such matter at a meeting at which all shares are present and
voted. In addition, the affirmative vote of a plurality of shares entitled to vote at a meeting in which quorum is present is required for the election of directors, and the affirmative vote of a majority of all outstanding shares entitled to vote
is required to approve certain matters (such as mergers and amendments to the certificate of incorporation). Dividend Rights Under Bermuda law, a company may not declare or pay dividends if there are reasonable grounds for believing that:
(1) the company is, or after the payment of such dividends would be, unable to pay its liabilities as they become due, or (2) the realizable value of its assets would thereby be less than its liabilities. Under our bye-laws, each ordinary share and special share is entitled to dividends if, as and when dividends are declared by our board of directors, subject to any preferred dividend rights of any preference shares. See
“—Shares—Dividends” above. 152 Table of Contents Under the DGCL, subject to any restrictions contained in the
corporation’s certificate of incorporation, a corporation may pay dividends out of surplus or, if there is no surplus, out of net profits for the fiscal year in which the dividend is declared or for the preceding fiscal year. The DGCL also
provides that dividends may not be paid out of net profits if, after the payment of such dividend, the total capital of the corporation is less than the aggregate capital represented by the outstanding shares of all classes of stock having a
preference upon the distribution of assets. Shareholder Approval of Amalgamations and Mergers The amalgamation or merger of a Bermuda company with another company or corporation requires the amalgamation or merger
agreement to be approved by the company’s board of directors and by its shareholders. Our bye-laws provide that any amalgamation or merger which the Companies Act requires to be approved by the
shareholders must be approved by the affirmative vote of not less than 75% of the votes entitled to be cast at the relevant general meeting and the quorum necessary for such meeting is two persons at least holding or representing by proxy more than
one-third of our issued shares. Under Bermuda law, in the event of an amalgamation or merger of a Bermuda company with
another company or corporation, a shareholder of the Bermuda company who did not vote in favor of the amalgamation or merger and is not satisfied that fair value has been offered for such shareholder’s shares may, within one month of notice of
the shareholders meeting, apply to the Supreme Court of Bermuda to appraise the fair value of those shares. Under the
DGCL, with certain exceptions, a merger, consolidation or sale of all or substantially all the assets of a corporation must be approved by the board of directors and a majority of the issued and outstanding shares entitled to vote thereon. Under the
DGCL, a dissenting stockholder of a corporation may, under certain circumstances and subject to certain conditions, be entitled to appraisal rights in connection with a merger or certain other extraordinary transactions, pursuant to which such
stockholder will have the right to receive an amount in cash equal to the fair value of the shares held by such stockholder (as determined by a court) in lieu of the consideration such stockholder would otherwise receive in the merger or other
transaction. Compulsory Acquisition of Shares Held by Minority Holders An acquiring party is generally able to acquire compulsorily the shares of minority holders of a Bermuda company in the
following ways: • | By a procedure under the Companies Act known as a “scheme of arrangement.” A scheme of arrangement could be effected by obtaining the agreement of the company and of holders of shares, representing in the aggregate a majority in number and at least 75% of the shareholders present and voting at a court ordered meeting held to consider the scheme of arrangement. The scheme of arrangement must then be sanctioned by the Bermuda Supreme Court. If a scheme of arrangement receives all necessary agreements and sanctions, upon the filing of the court order with the Registrar of Companies in Bermuda, all holders of shares could be compelled to sell their shares under the terms of the scheme of arrangement. • | If the acquiring party is a company it may compulsorily acquire all the shares of the target company, by acquiring pursuant to a tender offer 90% of the shares or of a class of shares not already owned by, or by a nominee for, the acquiring party (the offeror), or any of its subsidiaries. If an offeror has, within four months after the making of an offer for all the shares or class of shares not owned by, or by a nominee for, the offeror, or any of its subsidiaries, obtained the approval of the holders of 90% or more of all the shares to which the offer relates, the offeror may, at any time within two months beginning with the date on which the approval was obtained, require by notice any nontendering shareholder to transfer its shares on the same terms as the original offer. In those circumstances, nontendering shareholders will be compelled to sell their shares unless the Supreme Court of Bermuda (on application made within a one-month period from the date of the offeror’s notice of its intention to acquire such shares) orders otherwise. 153 Table of Contents • | Where the acquiring party or parties hold not less than 95% of the shares or of a class of shares of the company, such holder(s) may, pursuant to a notice given to the remaining shareholders or class of shareholders, acquire the shares of such remaining shareholders or class of shareholders. When this notice is given, the acquiring party is entitled and bound to acquire the shares of the remaining shareholders on the terms set out in the notice, unless a remaining shareholder, within one month of receiving such notice, applies to the Supreme Court of Bermuda for an appraisal of the value of their shares. This provision only applies where the acquiring party offers the same terms to all holders of shares whose shares are being acquired. The DGCL provides that a parent corporation, by resolution of its board of directors and without any stockholder vote, may
merge with or into any subsidiary if the parent corporation owns at least 90% of the outstanding shares of each class of the subsidiary’s capital stock. In connection with such a merger, dissenting stockholders of the subsidiary are entitled to
appraisal rights under certain circumstances and subject to certain conditions. Shareholders’ Suits Class actions and derivative actions are generally not available to shareholders under Bermuda law. The Bermuda courts
would, however, permit a shareholder to commence an action in the name of a company to remedy a wrong to the company where the act complained of is alleged to be beyond the corporate power of the company or illegal, or would result in the violation
of the company’s memorandum of association or bye-laws. Furthermore, consideration would be given by a Bermuda court to acts that are alleged to constitute a fraud against the minority shareholders or,
for instance, where an act requires the approval of a greater percentage of the company’s shareholders than that which actually approved it. When the affairs of a company are being conducted in a manner that is oppressive or prejudicial to the interests of some part
of the shareholders, one or more shareholders may apply to the Supreme Court of Bermuda, which may make such order as it sees fit, including an order regulating the conduct of the company’s affairs in the future or ordering the purchase of the
shares of any shareholders by other shareholders or by the company. Subject to Section 14 of the Securities Act and
Section 29(a) of the Exchange Act, which render void any purported waiver of the provisions of the Securities Act and the Exchange Act, respectively, our bye-laws contain a provision by virtue of which
our shareholders waive any claim or right of action that they have, both individually and on our behalf, against any director or officer in relation to any action or failure to take action by such director or officer, provided that pursuant to
Section 98 of the Companies Act such waiver would not be effective to the extent the act or failure to act involves fraud or dishonesty. This waiver would not be effective as a waiver of the right to sue for violations of the Securities Act or the
Exchange Act, the waiver of which would be prohibited by Section 14 of the Securities Act and Section 29(a) of the Exchange Act, respectively; and we do not intend this waiver be effective as a waiver of the right to sue for violations of the
Securities Act or the Exchange Act. Our bye-laws expressly state that unless we consent in writing, the courts of Bermuda
will be the sole and exclusive forum for (a) any action brought by or on behalf of us in relation to matters governed by the Companies Act or our bye-laws, (b) any action asserting a claim of breach of any duty owed by any of our directors or
officers to us or any of our shareholders and (c) any action asserting a claim against us or any director or officer arising under the laws of Bermuda or our bye-laws. In addition, our bye-laws expressly state that unless we consent in writing, the
sole and exclusive forum for any action asserting claims under the Securities Act or the Exchange Act, to the extent permitted by applicable law, shall be the United States federal district courts. In contrast, class actions and derivative actions generally are available to stockholders under Delaware law for, among
other things, breach of fiduciary duty. In the event directors are found to have breached such duties, however, they are generally entitled to protection under the exculpation clauses or indemnification provisions described below. 154 Table of Contents Exculpation and Indemnification of Directors and Officers Section 98 of the Companies Act provides generally that a Bermuda company may indemnify its directors, officers and
auditors against any liability which by virtue of any rule of law would otherwise be imposed on them in respect of any negligence, default, breach of duty or breach of trust, except in cases where such liability arises from fraud or dishonesty of
which such director, officer or auditor may be guilty in relation to the company or any of its subsidiaries. Section 98 of the Companies Act further provides that a Bermuda company may indemnify its directors, officers and
auditors against any liability incurred by them in defending any proceedings, whether civil or criminal, in which judgment is awarded in their favor or in which they are acquitted or granted relief by the Supreme Court of Bermuda pursuant to section
281 of the Companies Act, and may advance moneys to its directors, officers or auditors for the costs, charges and expenses incurred by the director, officer or auditor in defending any civil or criminal proceedings against them, on the condition
that the director, officer or auditor repays the advance if any allegation of fraud or dishonesty is proved against them. Subject to Section 14 of the Securities Act and Section 29(a) of the Exchange Act, which render void any purported
waiver of the provisions of the Securities Act and the Exchange Act, respectively, our bye-laws provide that our shareholders waive all claims or rights of action that they might have, individually or in right
of the company, against any of our directors or officers for any act or failure to act in the performance of such director’s or officer’s duties, except in respect of any fraud or dishonesty of such director or officer. Section 98A of
the Companies Act permits us to purchase and maintain insurance for the benefit of any officer or director in respect of any loss or liability attaching to him in respect of any negligence, default, breach of duty or breach of trust, whether or not
we may otherwise indemnify such officer or director provided that pursuant to Section 98 of the Companies Act such waiver would not be effective to the extent the act or failure to act involves fraud or dishonesty. We have purchased and maintain a
directors’ and officers’ liability policy for such purpose. Such waiver would not be effective as a waiver of the right to sue for violations of the Securities Act or the Exchange Act, the waiver of which would be prohibited by Section 14
of the Securities Act and Section 29(a) of the Exchange Act, respectively; and we do not intend this waiver be effective as a waiver of the right to sue for violations of the Securities Act or the Exchange Act. Under the DGCL, a corporation may include in its certificate of incorporation a provision that eliminates or limits the
liability of directors and certain senior officers to the corporation and its stockholders for monetary damages for certain breaches of fiduciary duty. Such liability, however, cannot be eliminated or limited for: (1) breaches of the duty of
loyalty; (2) acts or omissions not in good faith or that involve intentional misconduct or a knowing violation of law; (3) solely with respect to directors, payment of unlawful dividends or expenditure of funds for unlawful stock purchases
or redemptions; (4) solely with respect to senior officers, actions brought by or in the name of the corporation; or (5) transactions from which such person derived an improper personal benefit. Under the DGCL, a corporation may indemnify directors and officers of the corporation against expenses (including
attorneys’ fees), judgments, fines and amounts paid in settlement actually and reasonably incurred in connection with any civil, criminal, administrative or investigative action, suit or proceeding by reason of such position, or from serving at
the request of the corporation as a director, officer or other position with another entity, if (1) such director or officer acted in good faith and in a manner reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the
corporation and (2) with respect to any criminal action or proceeding, such director or officer had no reasonable cause to believe his or her conduct was unlawful, except that, in any action brought by or in the right of the corporation, such
indemnification may be made only for expenses (but not for judgments or amounts paid in settlement) and may not be made at all (even for expenses) if the officer, director or other person is adjudged liable to the corporation (unless otherwise
determined by the court). In addition, under Delaware law, to the extent that a director or officer of a corporation has been successful on the merits or otherwise in defense of any proceeding referred to above, he or she must be indemnified against
expenses (including attorneys’ fees) actually and reasonably incurred by that party. 155 Table of Contents Access to Books and Records Under Bermuda law, members of the general public have a right to inspect the public documents of a company available at the
office of the Registrar of Companies in Bermuda. These documents include the company’s memorandum of association, including its objects and powers, and certain alterations to the memorandum of association. The shareholders have the additional
right to inspect the bye-laws of the company, minutes of general meetings and the company’s audited financial statements, which must be presented to the annual general meeting. The register of members of
a company is also open to inspection by shareholders and by members of the general public without charge. The register of members is required to be open for inspection for not less than two hours in any business day (subject to the ability of a
company to close the register of shareholders for not more than thirty days in a year). A company is required to maintain its share register in Bermuda but may, subject to the provisions of the Companies Act, establish a branch register outside of
Bermuda. A company is required to keep at its registered office a register of directors and officers that is open for inspection for not less than two hours in any business day by members of the public without charge. A company is also required to
file with the Registrar of Companies in Bermuda a list of its directors to be maintained on a register, which register will be available for public inspection subject to such conditions as the Registrar of Companies of Bermuda may impose and on
payment of such fee as may be prescribed. Bermuda law does not, however, provide a general right for shareholders to inspect or obtain copies of any other corporate records. The DGCL permits any stockholder (including beneficial holders of shares), upon written demand, to inspect and obtain copies
of a corporation’s stockholder list and its other books and records for any proper purpose reasonably related to such person’s interest as a stockholder. Shareholders’ Meetings; Business to be Conducted Under Bermuda law, shareholders may, at their own expense (unless the company otherwise resolves), require the company to:
(1) give notice to all shareholders entitled to receive notice of the annual general meeting of any resolution that the shareholders may properly move at the next annual general meeting; or (2) circulate to all shareholders entitled to
receive notice of any general meeting a statement (of not more than one thousand words) in respect of any matter referred to in the proposed resolution or any business to be conducted at such general meeting. The number of shareholders necessary for
such a requisition is either: (1) any number of shareholders representing not less than 5% of the total voting rights of all shareholders entitled to vote at the meeting to which the requisition relates; or (2) not less than 100
shareholders. Under our bye-laws, a special general meeting may be called by our
chairperson or by any two directors or any director and the secretary or the board of directors. Bermuda law also provides that a special general meeting must be called upon the request of shareholders holding not less than 10% of the paid-up capital of the company carrying the right to vote at general meetings. The DGCL
provides that an annual meeting of stockholders must be held for the election of directors and any other proper business may be transacted at the annual meeting. Shareholders may submit proposals for business to be conducted at the annual meeting,
subject to compliance with any advance notice provisions included in the corporation’s bylaws. A special meeting of stockholders may be called by the board of directors or any other person authorized to call a special meeting pursuant to a
provision in the certificate of incorporation or bylaws. Unless so authorized to call a special meeting pursuant to a provision in the certificate of incorporation or bylaws, stockholders do not have the power to call special meetings. Amendment of Memorandum of Association and Bye-laws Under our bye-laws, no alteration or amendment to our memorandum of association may be
made until approved by a resolution of our board of directors and by a resolution of our shareholders. Under Bermuda law and our bye-laws, no bye-law can be rescinded,
altered or amended, and no new bye-law can be made, unless it has been approved by a resolution of our board of directors and by a resolution of our shareholders. Subject to certain exceptions, approval by our
shareholders of an amendment of our memorandum of association or our bye- 156 Table of Contents laws requires the affirmative vote of not less than 75% of the votes entitled to be cast at the relevant general meeting and the quorum necessary for such meeting is two persons at least holding
or representing by proxy more than one-third of our issued shares. Under Bermuda law, the holders of an aggregate of not
less than 20% in par value of a company’s issued share capital or any class thereof have the right to apply to the Supreme Court of Bermuda for an annulment of any amendment of the memorandum of association adopted by shareholders at any
general meeting, other than an amendment that alters or reduces a company’s share capital as provided in the Companies Act. Where such an application is made, the amendment becomes effective only to the extent that it is confirmed by the
Bermuda court. An application for an annulment of an amendment of the memorandum of association must be made within 21 days after the date on which the resolution altering the company’s memorandum of association is passed and may be made on
behalf of persons entitled to make the application by one or more of their number as such holders may appoint in writing for such purpose. No application may be made by the shareholders voting in favor of the amendment. Under the DGCL, amendments to a corporation’s certificate of incorporation (which is comparable to the memorandum of
association of a Bermuda company) must be adopted by a resolution of the board of directors setting forth the amendment, declaring its advisability and, subject to limited exceptions for amendments not requiring stockholder approval, and the board
of directors then must call a special meeting of the stockholders entitled to vote on such amendment or direct that the proposed amendment be considered at the next annual meeting of stockholders, unless the stockholders adopt such amendment by
written consent (unless the certificate of incorporation denies stockholders the power to act by consent). The DGCL generally requires that, unless a higher percentage is provided for in the certificate of incorporation, a majority of the
outstanding shares of stock entitled to vote on such amendment, voting together as a single class, is required to approve most amendments to the certificate of incorporation. A lower voting standard applies to certain amendments to a
corporation’s certificate of incorporation (i.e., an amendment to effect certain reverse stock splits of a class of stock, and amendments to increase or decrease the number of authorized shares of a class of stock). In such circumstances,
approval of the amendment requires that the number of votes cast in favor of such amendment exceed the number of votes cast against it, unless otherwise expressly required by the certificate of incorporation. In addition, unless otherwise provided in the original certificate of incorporation (or an amendment thereto approved by
holders of the applicable class of stock or before any shares of such class were issued), a separate class vote of holders of outstanding shares of any class of stock (or any series of a class of stock) also is required (in addition to the vote
described above), whether or not such holders are entitled to vote thereon by the certificate of incorporation, if (1) with respect to a separate class vote, the proposed amendment would increase or the number of authorized shares or par value
of such class of stock, or (2) with respect to a separate class vote (or series vote) alter the powers, preferences or special rights of such class of stock (or such series of a class of stock) so as to adversely affect them, that was
authorized by the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of such class or classes of stock. Stockholders have the
power to amend, adopt or repeal bylaws of a corporation under the DGCL, if approved by holders of a majority of shares entitled to vote thereon, present in person and voting at a meeting of stockholders at which a quorum is present, unless the
certificate of incorporation requires a higher percentage. Stockholders may also act by written consent to amend, adopt or repeal bylaws, unless the certificate of incorporation denies stockholders the power to act by consent. In addition, the
directors of a corporation have the power to adopt, amend and repeal the corporation’s bylaws, but only if such right is expressly provided in the certificate of incorporation. Transfer Agent and Registrar The transfer agent and registrar for our ordinary shares is Equiniti Trust Company, LLC. Its address is 48 Wall Street,
23rd Floor, New York, NY 10005, and its telephone number is (718) 921-8183. Listing Our ordinary shares have been approved for listing on the NYSE under the symbol “VIK.” 157 Table of Contents SHARES ELIGIBLE FOR FUTURE SALE Prior to this offering, there has been no market for our ordinary shares. Sales of our ordinary shares or other equity
securities in the public market after this offering, or sales of our special shares in private transactions, or the perception that these sales could occur, could cause the market price of our ordinary shares to decline significantly. Immediately after this offering, we will have 303,683,900 ordinary shares issued and outstanding and we will have 127,771,124
special shares issued and outstanding. Of the issued and outstanding ordinary shares, the 64,041,668 ordinary shares sold in this offering (or 73,647,916 ordinary shares if the underwriters exercise their option to purchase additional ordinary
shares in full) will be freely tradable without restriction or further registration under the Securities Act, unless owned by our affiliates (as defined under Rule 144), including our principal shareholder and our directors and executive officers,
who may sell only in compliance with the limitations described below. The remaining 239,642,232 ordinary shares (or 230,035,984 ordinary shares if the underwriters exercise their option to purchase additional ordinary shares in full) and all of our
special shares will be “restricted securities” within the meaning of Rule 144 and subject to certain restrictions on resale upon the consummation of this offering. Subject to certain contractual restrictions, including the lock-up agreements described below, restricted securities may be sold in the public market only if they are registered under the Securities Act or are sold pursuant to an exemption from registration such as Rule 144
and Rule 701. In addition, as of December 31, 2023, up to 2,949,830 ordinary shares will be issuable after this
offering upon the exercise of outstanding options, up to 8,733,400 ordinary shares will be issuable after this offering upon the exercise of warrants and up to 2,619,266 ordinary shares will be issuable after this offering upon the vesting and
settlement of RSUs for which the time vesting condition was not satisfied as of December 31, 2023. As of December 31, 2023, we also had 13,824,564 ordinary shares reserved for future issuance under the 2018 Plan and 4,680,000 ordinary
shares reserved for issuance under the 2024 ESPP. Sales of these shares in the public market after the restrictions under the lock-up agreements lapse, or the perception that those sales may occur, could cause
the prevailing market price of our ordinary shares to decrease or to be lower than it might be in the absence of those sales or perceptions. Lock-Up Agreements All of our directors and executive officers and holders of substantially all of our shares, including the selling shareholders,
have entered into lock-up agreements with the representatives of the underwriters. Pursuant to such lock-up agreements, such persons have agreed, subject to certain
exceptions, not to sell, contract to sell, pledge or otherwise dispose of, directly or indirectly, any of our ordinary shares or our special shares or securities convertible into or exchangeable or exercisable for our ordinary shares or for our
special shares, enter into a transaction that would have the same effect, or enter into any swap, hedge or other arrangement that transfers, in whole or in part, any of the economic consequences of ownership of our ordinary shares or of our special
shares, whether any of these transactions are to be settled by delivery of our ordinary shares or our special shares or other securities, in cash or otherwise, or publicly disclose the intention to make any offer, sale, pledge or disposition or to
enter into any transaction, swap, hedge or other arrangement, for a period of 180 days after the date of this prospectus without, in each case, the prior written consent of BofA Securities, Inc. and J.P. Morgan Securities LLC. Rule 144 In general, under Rule 144 under the Securities Act, a person (or persons whose shares are aggregated) who is not deemed to
have been an affiliate of ours at any time during the three months preceding a sale, and who has beneficially owned restricted securities within the meaning of Rule 144 for at least six months (including any period of consecutive ownership of
preceding non-affiliated holders) would be entitled to sell those shares, subject only to the availability of current public information about us. A non-affiliated person who has beneficially owned restricted securities within the meaning of Rule 144 for at least one year would be entitled to sell those shares without regard to the provisions of Rule 144. 158 Table of Contents A person (or persons whose shares are aggregated) who is deemed to be an
affiliate of ours and who has beneficially owned restricted securities within the meaning of Rule 144 for at least six months would be entitled to sell within any three-month period a number of shares that does not exceed the greater of one percent
of our ordinary shares then outstanding or the average weekly trading volume of our ordinary shares on the NYSE during the four calendar weeks preceding such sale. Such sales are also subject to certain manner of sale provisions, notice requirements
and the availability of current public information about us. Rule 701 Beginning 90 days after the date of the prospectus, persons other than our affiliates who purchased equity shares under a
written compensatory plan or contract may be entitled to sell such shares, subject to the terms of any lock-up agreement, in reliance on Rule 701. Rule 701 permits affiliates to sell their Rule 701 shares
under Rule 144 without complying with the holding period requirements of Rule 144. Rule 701 further provides that non-affiliates may sell these shares in reliance on Rule 144 subject only to its manner-of-sale requirements. Registration Rights Following the consummation of this offering, the shares covered by the registration rights in the Investor Rights Agreement
would represent approximately 82.6% of our issued and outstanding ordinary shares and special shares (or 80.4%, if the underwriters exercise their option to purchase additional ordinary shares in full). These shares also may be sold under Rule 144,
depending on their holding period and subject to Rule 144 limitations applicable to affiliates and the lock-up restrictions described above and under “Underwriting.” For additional information, see “Certain Relationships and Related Party Transactions—Investor Rights
Agreement.” Form S-8 Registration Statement Following the consummation of this offering, we intend to file one or more registration statements on Form S-8 under the Securities Act to register the ordinary shares issuable under the Post-IPO 2018 Plan and the 2024 ESPP. Any such Form S-8 registration statement will
become effective automatically upon filing. Once those shares are registered, they can be sold in the public market upon issuance, subject to Rule 144 limitations applicable to affiliates, vesting restrictions and the lock-up restrictions described under “Underwriting.” 159 Table of Contents TAX CONSIDERATIONS The following description is not intended to constitute a complete analysis of all tax consequences relating to the
acquisition, ownership and disposition of our ordinary shares. You should consult your own tax advisor concerning the tax consequences in your particular situation, as well as any tax consequences that may arise under the laws of any state, local,
foreign or other taxing jurisdiction. Bermuda Tax Considerations The following is a general summary of Bermudian tax considerations relating to the ownership and disposal of ordinary shares. We are incorporated under the laws of Bermuda. At the present time, there is no Bermuda income or profits tax,
withholding tax, capital gains tax, capital transfer tax, estate duty or inheritance tax payable by us or by our shareholders in respect of our shares. However, Bermuda enacted the CIT Act on December 27, 2023. Entities subject to tax under the CIT
Act are the Bermuda constituent entities of multi-national groups. A multi-national group is defined under the CIT Act as a group with entities in more than one jurisdiction with consolidated revenues of at least 750 million euros in any two of the
four previous fiscal years. If the Bermuda constituent entities of a multinational group are subject to tax under the CIT Act, such tax is charged at a rate of 15% of net taxable income of such constituent entities as determined in accordance with
and subject to the adjustments set out in the CIT Act (including in respect of foreign tax credits applicable to the Bermuda constituent entities). In general, income arising from international shipping is exempted from the scope of such tax to the
extent certain requirements relating to strategic or commercial management in Bermuda are satisfied. No tax is chargeable under the CIT Act until tax years starting on or after January 1, 2025. U.S. Federal Income Tax Considerations The following discussion is a summary of U.S. federal income tax considerations generally applicable to the ownership and
disposition of our ordinary shares by a U.S. holder (as defined below) that acquires our ordinary shares in this offering and holds our ordinary shares as “capital assets” (generally, property held for investment) under the U.S. Internal
Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the “Code”). This discussion is based upon existing U.S. federal tax law, which is subject to differing interpretations or change, possibly with retroactive effect. No ruling has been sought from the
Internal Revenue Service (the “IRS”) with respect to any U.S. federal income tax considerations described below, and there can be no assurance that the IRS or a court will not take a contrary position. This discussion does not address all
aspects of U.S. federal income taxation that may be important to particular investors in light of their individual circumstances, including investors subject to special tax rules (for example, banks and other financial institutions, insurance
companies, pension plans, cooperatives, broker-dealers, expatriates, traders in securities that have elected the mark-to-market method of accounting for their
securities, certain former U.S. citizens or long-term residents, regulated investment companies, real estate investment trusts and tax-exempt organizations (including private foundations)), investors who are
not U.S. holders, investors who own (directly, indirectly or constructively) 10% or more of our voting or non-voting shares, investors that will hold their ordinary shares as part of a straddle, hedge,
conversion, constructive sale or other integrated transaction for U.S. federal income tax purposes, investors who are subject to special tax accounting rules, persons who acquire their ordinary shares pursuant to any employee share option or
otherwise as compensation, or investors that have a functional currency other than the U.S. dollar, all of whom may be subject to tax rules that differ significantly from those summarized below. In addition, this discussion does not discuss any non-U.S. tax, minimum tax, state or local tax, or non-income tax (such as the U.S. federal gift or estate tax) considerations, or the Medicare tax on net investment income.
Each U.S. holder is urged to consult its tax advisor regarding the U.S. federal, state, local and non-U.S. income and other tax considerations of an investment in our ordinary shares. General For purposes of this discussion, a “U.S. holder” is a beneficial owner of our ordinary shares that is, for U.S.
federal income tax purposes, (1) an individual who is a citizen or resident of the United States, (2) a corporation 160 Table of Contents (or other entity treated as a corporation for U.S. federal income tax purposes) created in, or organized under the laws of, the United States or any state thereof or the District of Columbia,
(3) an estate the income of which is subject to U.S. federal income taxation regardless of its source or (4) a trust (A) the administration of which is subject to the primary supervision of a U.S. court and which has one or more U.S.
persons who have the authority to control all substantial decisions of the trust or (B) that has otherwise elected to be treated as a U.S. person under the Code and the applicable U.S. Treasury regulations thereunder. If an entity or arrangement treated as a partnership for U.S. federal income tax purposes is a beneficial owner of our
ordinary shares, the tax treatment of a partner in the partnership will generally depend upon the status of the partner and the activities of the partnership. Partnerships holding our ordinary shares and partners in such partnerships are urged to
consult their tax advisors as to the particular U.S. federal income tax considerations of an investment in our ordinary shares. Passive Foreign Investment Company Considerations A non-U.S. corporation, such as our company, will be a “passive foreign investment
company,” or “PFIC,” for U.S. federal income tax purposes, if, in any particular taxable year, either (1) 75% or more of its gross income for such year consists of certain types of “passive” income or (2) 50% or more of the
value of its assets (generally determined on the basis of a quarterly average) during such year is attributable to assets that produce or are held for the production of passive income. Based upon our current and expected income and assets (taking
into account the expected proceeds from this offering) and projections as to the market price of our ordinary shares immediately following this offering, we do not presently expect to be a PFIC for the current taxable year or the foreseeable future.
However, while we do not expect to be or become a PFIC in the current or future taxable years, no assurance can be given in this regard because the determination as to whether we are a PFIC for any taxable year is a facts-intensive determination
that depends, in part, upon the composition and classification of our income and assets, which cannot be made until after the end of a taxable year. If we are a PFIC for any year during which a U.S. holder holds our ordinary shares, certain adverse tax consequences could
apply to such U.S. holder. Certain elections may be available (including a mark-to-market election) to U.S. holders that may mitigate some of those adverse consequences.
You should consult your tax advisors regarding the U.S. federal income tax consequences of owning and disposing our ordinary shares if we are or become a PFIC. The discussion below under “Dividends” and “Sale or Other Disposition of Ordinary Shares” is written on
the basis that we will not be or become a PFIC for U.S. federal income tax purposes. Dividends Any cash distributions paid on our ordinary shares out of our current or accumulated earnings and profits, as determined under
U.S. federal income tax principles, will generally be includible in the gross income of a U.S. holder as dividend income on the day actually or constructively received by the U.S. holder. Because we do not intend to determine our earnings and
profits on the basis of U.S. federal income tax principles, we will generally report the full amount of any distribution paid as a dividend for U.S. federal income tax purposes. Dividends received on the ordinary shares will not be eligible for the
dividends received deduction generally allowed to corporations. Individuals and certain other non-corporate U.S. holders will generally be subject to tax at the lower capital gain tax rate applicable to “qualified dividend income,” provided that certain conditions are satisfied, including that
(1) we are a qualified foreign corporation, which will be the case if our ordinary shares are readily tradable on an established securities market in the United States, (2) we are neither a PFIC nor treated as such with respect to a U.S.
holder (as discussed above) for the taxable year in which the dividend was paid and the preceding taxable year and (3) certain holding period requirements are met. We are listing the ordinary shares on 161 Table of Contents the NYSE and believe that the ordinary shares will be readily tradable on an established securities market in the United States and that we will be a qualified foreign corporation with respect to
dividends paid on the ordinary shares. There can be no assurance that our ordinary shares will be considered or will continue to be considered readily tradable on an established securities market. Each non-corporate U.S. holder is advised to consult its tax advisors regarding the availability of the reduced tax rate applicable to qualified dividend income for any dividends we pay with respect to our ordinary
shares. Sale or Other Disposition of Ordinary Shares A U.S. holder will generally recognize capital gain or loss upon the sale or other disposition of ordinary shares in an amount
equal to the difference between the amount realized upon the disposition and the U.S. holder’s adjusted tax basis in such ordinary shares. Any capital gain or loss will be long-term if the ordinary shares have been held for more than one year
and generally will be U.S. source gain or loss for U.S. foreign tax credit purposes. Long-term capital gains of individuals and certain other non-corporate U.S. holders are generally eligible for a reduced
rate of taxation. The deductibility of a capital loss may be subject to limitations. 162 Table of Contents UNDERWRITING Under the terms and subject to the conditions in an underwriting agreement, dated the date of this prospectus, the
underwriters named below, for whom BofA Securities, Inc. and J.P. Morgan Securities LLC are acting as representatives, have severally agreed to purchase, and we and the selling shareholders have agreed to sell to them, severally, the number of
shares indicated below: Name | Number of Shares
BofA Securities, Inc. | 19,351,720
J.P. Morgan Securities LLC | 22,136,140
UBS Securities LLC | 7,517,935
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC | 7,517,935
HSBC Securities (USA) Inc. | 2,505,978
Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC | 2,505,978
Rothschild & Co US Inc. | 1,127,690
Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated | 1,127,690
Drexel Hamilton, LLC | 83,534
Loop Capital Markets LLC | 83,534
R. Seelaus & Co., LLC | 83,534
Total: | 64,041,668 The underwriters and the representatives are collectively referred to as the
“underwriters” and the “representatives,” respectively. The underwriters are offering the ordinary shares subject to their acceptance of the shares from us and the selling shareholders and subject to prior sale. The underwriting
agreement provides that the obligations of the several underwriters to pay for and accept delivery of the ordinary shares offered by this prospectus are subject to the approval of certain legal matters by their counsel and to certain other
conditions. The underwriters are obligated to take and pay for all of the ordinary shares offered by this prospectus if any such shares are taken. However, the underwriters are not required to take or pay for the shares covered by the
underwriters’ option to purchase additional shares described below. The underwriters initially propose to offer part
of the ordinary shares directly to the public at the offering price listed on the cover page of this prospectus and part to certain dealers at a price that represents a concession not in excess of $0.648 per share under the public offering price.
After the initial offering of the ordinary shares, the offering price and other selling terms may from time to time be varied by the representatives. The selling shareholders have granted to the underwriters an option, exercisable for 30 days from the date of this prospectus,
to purchase up to 9,606,248 additional ordinary shares at the public offering price listed on the cover page of this prospectus, less underwriting discounts and commissions. The underwriters may exercise this option solely for the purpose of
covering over-allotments, if any, made in connection with the offering of the ordinary shares offered by this prospectus. To the extent the option is exercised, each underwriter will become obligated, subject to certain conditions, to purchase about
the same percentage of the additional ordinary shares as the number listed next to the underwriter’s name in the preceding table bears to the total number of ordinary shares listed next to the names of all underwriters in the preceding table. 163 Table of Contents The following table shows the per share and total public offering price,
underwriting discounts and commissions, and proceeds before expenses to us and the selling shareholders. These amounts are shown assuming both no exercise and full exercise of the underwriters’ option to purchase up to an additional
     ordinary shares. Total
Per Share | No Exercise | Full Exercise
Public offering price | $ | 24.00 | $ | 1,537,000,032.00 | $ | 1,767,549,984.00
Underwriting discounts and commissions to be paid by us | $ | 1.20 | $ | 13,200,000.00 | $ | 13,200,000.00
Underwriting discounts and commissions to be paid by the selling shareholders | $ | 1.20 | $ | 63,650,001.60 | $ | 75,177,499.20
Proceeds, before expenses, to us | $ | 22.80 | $ | 250,800,000.00 | $ | 250,800,000.00
Proceeds, before expenses, to the selling shareholders | $ | 22.80 | $ | 1,209,350,030.40 | $ | 1,428,372,484.80 The estimated offering expenses payable by us, exclusive of the underwriting discounts and
commissions, are approximately $5.6 million. We have agreed to reimburse the underwriters for certain of their expenses incurred in connection with this offering up to $35,000. The underwriters have informed us that they do not intend sales to discretionary accounts to exceed 5% of the total number of
ordinary shares offered by them. Our ordinary shares have been approved for listing on the NYSE under the trading symbol
“VIK.” All of our directors and executive officers and holders of substantially all of our shares have entered
into lock-up agreements with the representatives of the underwriters. Pursuant to such lock-up agreements, such persons have agreed, subject to certain exceptions, not
to sell, contract to sell, pledge or otherwise dispose of, directly or indirectly, any of our ordinary shares or our special shares or securities convertible into or exchangeable or exercisable for our ordinary shares or for our special shares,
enter into a transaction that would have the same effect, or enter into any swap, hedge or other arrangement that transfers, in whole or in part, any of the economic consequences of ownership of our ordinary shares or of our special shares, whether
any of these transactions are to be settled by delivery of our ordinary shares or our special shares or other securities, in cash or otherwise, or publicly disclose the intention to make any offer, sale, pledge or disposition or to enter into any
transaction, swap, hedge or other arrangement, for a period of 180 days after the date of this prospectus without, in each case, the prior written consent of BofA Securities, Inc. and J.P. Morgan Securities LLC. In order to facilitate the offering of the ordinary shares, the underwriters may engage in transactions that stabilize,
maintain or otherwise affect the price of the ordinary shares. Specifically, the underwriters may sell more shares than they are obligated to purchase under the underwriting agreement, creating a short position. A short sale is covered if the short
position is no greater than the number of shares available for purchase by the underwriters under the option. The underwriters can close out a covered short sale by exercising the option or purchasing shares in the open market. In determining the
source of shares to close out a covered short sale, the underwriters will consider, among other things, the open market price of shares compared to the price available under the option. The underwriters may also sell shares in excess of the option,
creating a naked short position. The underwriters must close out any naked short position by purchasing shares in the open market. A naked short position is more likely to be created if the underwriters are concerned that there may be downward
pressure on the price of the ordinary shares in the open market after pricing that could adversely affect investors who purchase in this offering. As an additional means of facilitating this offering, the underwriters may bid for, and purchase,
ordinary shares in the open market to stabilize the price of the ordinary shares. These activities may raise or maintain the market price of the ordinary shares above independent market levels or prevent or retard a decline in the market price of
the ordinary shares. The underwriters are not required to engage in these activities and may end any of these activities at any time. 164 Table of Contents We, the selling shareholders and the underwriters have agreed to indemnify
each other against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act. A prospectus in electronic format
may be made available on websites maintained by one or more underwriters, or selling group members, if any, participating in this offering. The representatives may agree to allocate a number of ordinary shares to underwriters for sale to their
online brokerage account holders. Internet distributions will be allocated by the representatives to underwriters that may make internet distributions on the same basis as other allocations. The underwriters and their respective affiliates are full service financial institutions engaged in various activities, which
may include securities trading, commercial and investment banking, financial advisory, investment management, investment research, principal investment, hedging, financing and brokerage activities. Certain of the underwriters and their respective
affiliates have, from time to time, performed, and may in the future perform, various financial advisory and investment banking services for us, for which they received or will receive customary fees and expenses. In addition, in the ordinary course of their various business activities, the underwriters and their respective affiliates may
make or hold a broad array of investments and actively trade debt and equity securities (or related derivative securities) and financial instruments (including bank loans) for their own account and for the accounts of their customers and may at any
time hold long and short positions in such securities and instruments. Such investment and securities activities may involve our securities and instruments. The underwriters and their respective affiliates may also make investment recommendations or
publish or express independent research views in respect of such securities or instruments and may at any time hold, or recommend to clients that they acquire, long or short positions in such securities and instruments. In addition, in connection
with our secured revolving credit facility, affiliates of certain of the underwriters are expected to act as arrangers and bookrunners. Prior to this offering, there has been no public market for our ordinary shares. The initial public offering price was
determined by negotiations between us, the selling shareholders and the representatives. Among the factors considered in determining the initial public offering price were our future prospects and those of our industry in general, our sales,
earnings and certain other financial and operating information in recent periods, and the price-earnings ratios, price-sales ratios, market prices of securities and certain financial and operating information of companies engaged in activities
similar to ours. Selling Restrictions Australia No placement document, prospectus, product disclosure statement or other disclosure document has been lodged with the
Australian Securities and Investments Commission in relation to this offering. This prospectus does not constitute a prospectus, product disclosure statement or other disclosure document under the Corporations Act 2001 (the “Corporations
Act”), and does not purport to include the information required for a prospectus, product disclosure statement or other disclosure document under the Corporations Act. Any offer in Australia of the ordinary shares may only be made to persons, or to the Exempt Investors, who are
“sophisticated investors” (within the meaning of section 708(8) of the Corporations Act), “professional investors” (within the meaning of section 708(11) of the Corporations Act) or otherwise pursuant to one or more exemptions
contained in section 708 of the Corporations Act so that it is lawful to offer the ordinary shares without disclosure to investors under Chapter 6D of the Corporations Act. The ordinary shares applied for by Exempt Investors in Australia must not be offered for sale in Australia in the period of 12
months after the date of allotment under the offering, except in circumstances where disclosure to investors under Chapter 6D of the Corporations Act would not be required pursuant to an exemption under 165 Table of Contents section 708 of the Corporations Act or otherwise or where the offer is pursuant to a disclosure document which complies with Chapter 6D of the Corporations Act. Any person acquiring shares must
observe such Australian on-sale restrictions. This prospectus contains general
information only and does not take into account the investment objectives, financial situation or particular needs of any particular person. It does not contain any securities recommendations or financial product advice. Before making an investment
decision, investors need to consider whether the information in this prospectus is appropriate for their needs, objectives and circumstances, and, if necessary, seek expert advice on those matters. Canada The ordinary shares may be sold only to purchasers purchasing, or deemed to be purchasing, as principal that are accredited
investors, as defined in National Instrument 45-106 Prospectus Exemptions or subsection 73.3(1) of the Securities Act (Ontario), and are permitted clients, as defined in National Instrument 31-103 Registration Requirements, Exemptions and Ongoing Registrant Obligations. Any resale of the ordinary shares must be made in accordance with an exemption from, or in a transaction not subject to, the
prospectus requirements of applicable securities laws. Securities legislation in certain provinces or territories of
Canada may provide a purchaser with remedies for rescission or damages if this prospectus (including any amendment thereto) contains a misrepresentation; provided that the remedies for rescission or damages are exercised by the purchaser within the
time limit prescribed by the securities legislation of the purchaser’s province or territory. The purchaser should refer to any applicable provisions of the securities legislation of the purchaser’s province or territory for particulars of
these rights or consult with a legal advisor. Pursuant to section 3A.3 of National Instrument 33-105 Underwriting Conflicts (“NI 33-105”), the underwriters are not required to comply with the disclosure requirements of NI 33-105 regarding underwriter conflicts of interest in connection with this offering. Dubai
International Financial Centre This prospectus relates to an Exempt Offer in accordance with the Offered
Securities Rules of the Dubai Financial Services Authority (the “DFSA”). This prospectus is intended for distribution only to persons of a type specified in the Offered Securities Rules of the DFSA. It must not be delivered to, or relied
on by, any other person. The DFSA has no responsibility for reviewing or verifying any documents in connection with Exempt Offers. The DFSA has not approved this prospectus nor taken steps to verify the information set forth herein and has no
responsibility for the prospectus. The ordinary shares may be illiquid or subject to restrictions on their resale. Prospective purchasers of the ordinary shares offered should conduct their own due diligence on the ordinary shares. If you do not
understand the contents of this prospectus you should consult an authorized financial advisor. European Economic Area In relation to each Member State of the European Economic Area (each, a “Relevant State”), no ordinary shares have
been offered or will be offered pursuant to this offering to the public in that Relevant State prior to the publication of a prospectus in relation to the ordinary shares which has been approved by the competent authority in that Relevant State or,
where appropriate, approved in another Relevant State and notified to the competent authority in that Relevant State, all in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation, except that offers of ordinary shares may be made to the public in that Relevant
State at any time under the following exemptions under the Prospectus Regulation: (a) | to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined under Article 2 of the Prospectus Regulation; 166 Table of Contents (b) | to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined under Article 2 of the Prospectus Regulation), subject to obtaining the prior consent of the representatives for any such offer; or (c) | in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation; provided that no such offer of ordinary shares shall require us or any underwriter to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the
Prospectus Regulation or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation and each person who initially acquires any ordinary shares or to whom any offer is made will be deemed to have represented, acknowledged and agreed
to and with each of the underwriters and us that it is a “qualified investor” within the meaning of Article 2(e) of the Prospectus Regulation. In the case of any ordinary shares being offered to a financial intermediary as that term is
used in the Prospectus Regulation, each such financial intermediary will be deemed to have represented, acknowledged and agreed that the ordinary shares acquired by it in the offer have not been acquired on a non-discretionary basis on behalf of, nor have they been acquired with a view to their offer or resale to, persons in circumstances which may give rise to an offer of any ordinary shares to the public other
than their offer or resale in a Relevant State to qualified investors as so defined or in circumstances in which the prior consent of the underwriters has been obtained to each such proposed offer or resale. For the purposes of this provision, the expression an “offer to the public” in relation to the ordinary shares in
any Relevant State means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the offer and any ordinary shares to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for any ordinary shares,
and the expression “Prospectus Regulation” means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended. Hong Kong The ordinary shares have not been offered or sold and will not be offered or sold in Hong Kong, by means of any document, other
than (a) to “professional investors” as defined in the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Cap. 571) of Hong Kong and any rules made under that Ordinance or (b) in other circumstances which do not result in the document being a
“prospectus” as defined in the Companies (Winding Up and Miscellaneous Provisions) Ordinance (Cap. 32) of Hong Kong or which do not constitute an offer to the public within the meaning of that Ordinance. No advertisement, invitation or
document relating to the ordinary shares has been or may be issued or has been or may be in the possession of any person for the purposes of issue, whether in Hong Kong or elsewhere, which is directed at, or the contents of which are likely to be
accessed or read by, the public of Hong Kong (except if permitted to do so under the securities laws of Hong Kong) other than with respect to ordinary shares which are or are intended to be disposed of only to persons outside Hong Kong or only to
“professional investors” as defined in the Securities and Futures Ordinance and any rules made under that Ordinance. Japan No registration pursuant to Article 4, paragraph 1 of the Financial Instruments and Exchange Law of Japan (Law No. 25 of
1948, as amended) (the “FIEL”) has been made or will be made with respect to the solicitation of the application for the acquisition of the ordinary shares. Accordingly, the ordinary shares have not been, directly or indirectly, offered or sold and will not be, directly or
indirectly, offered or sold in Japan or to, or for the account or benefit of, any resident of Japan (which term as used herein means any person resident in Japan, including any corporation or other entity organized under the laws of Japan) or to
others for re-offering or resale, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the account or benefit of, any resident of Japan except pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements, and
otherwise in compliance with, the FIEL and the other applicable laws and regulations of Japan. 167 Table of Contents For Qualified Institutional Investors (“QIIs”) Please note that the solicitation for newly issued or secondary securities (each as described in Paragraph 2, Article 4 of the
FIEL) in relation to the ordinary shares constitutes either a “QII only private placement” or a “QII only secondary distribution” (each as described in Paragraph 1, Article 23-13 of the
FIEL). Disclosure regarding any such solicitation, as is otherwise prescribed in Paragraph 1, Article 4 of the FIEL, has not been made in relation to the ordinary shares. The ordinary shares may only be transferred to QIIs. For Non-QII Investors Please note that the solicitation for newly issued or secondary securities (each as described in Paragraph 2, Article 4 of the
FIEL) in relation to the ordinary shares constitutes either a “small number private placement” or a “small number private secondary distribution” (each as is described in Paragraph 4, Article 23-13 of the FIEL). Disclosure regarding any such solicitation, as is otherwise prescribed in Paragraph 1, Article 4 of the FIEL, has not been made in relation to the ordinary shares. The ordinary shares may
only be transferred en bloc without subdivision to a single investor. Korea The ordinary shares offered by this prospectus have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Investments
Services and Capital Markets Act of Korea and the decrees and regulations thereunder (the “FSCMA”), and the ordinary shares have been and will be offered in Korea as a private placement under the FSCMA. None of the ordinary shares may be
offered, sold or delivered directly or indirectly, or offered or sold to any person for re-offering or resale, directly or indirectly, in Korea or to any resident of Korea except pursuant to the applicable
laws and regulations of Korea, including the FSCMA and the Foreign Exchange Transaction Law of Korea and the decrees and regulations thereunder (the “FETL”). Furthermore, the purchaser of the ordinary shares will comply with all applicable
regulatory requirements (including, but not limited to, requirements under the FETL) in connection with the purchase of the ordinary shares. By the purchase of the ordinary shares, the relevant holder thereof will be deemed to represent and warrant
that if it is in Korea or is a resident of Korea, it purchased the ordinary shares pursuant to the applicable laws and regulations of Korea. Singapore This prospectus has not been and will not be registered as a prospectus under the Securities and Futures Act 2001 (the
“SFA”) by the Monetary Authority of Singapore. Accordingly, this prospectus and any other document or material in connection with the offer or sale, or invitation for subscription or purchase, of the ordinary shares may not be circulated
or distributed, nor may the ordinary shares be offered or sold, or be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase, whether directly or indirectly, to persons in Singapore other than (i) to an institutional investor (as
defined in Section 4A of the SFA) under Section 274 of the Securities and Futures Act, Chapter 289 of Singapore (the “SFA”), (ii) to a relevant person (as defined in Section 275(2) of the SFA) pursuant to
Section 275(1), or any person pursuant to Section 275(1A), and in accordance with the conditions specified in Section 275, of the SFA, and, where applicable, Regulation 3 of the Securities and Futures (Classes of Investors)
Regulations 2018, or (iii) otherwise pursuant to, and in accordance with the conditions of, any other applicable provision of the SFA, in each case subject to conditions set forth in the SFA. Where the ordinary shares are subscribed or acquired pursuant to an offer made in reliance on Section 275 of the SFA by a
relevant person which is (a) a corporation (which is not an accredited investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA)) the sole business of which is to hold investments and the entire share capital of which is owned by one or more
individuals, each of whom is an accredited investor; or (b) a trust (where the trustee is not an accredited investor) the sole purpose of which is to hold investments and each beneficiary of the trust is an individual who is an accredited
investor, securities or securities-based derivatives contracts (each as defined in the SFA) of that corporation or the beneficiaries’ rights and interest (howsoever described) in that trust shall not be transferred within six months after that
corporation or that trust has subscribed for or acquired the ordinary 168 Table of Contents shares pursuant to an offer made under Section 275 of the SFA except: (i) to an institutional investor or to a relevant person or to any person arising from an offer referred to in
Section 275(1A) or Section 276(4)(i)(B) of the SFA; (ii) where no consideration is or will be given for the transfer; (iii) where the transfer is by operation of law; (iv) as specified in Section 276(7) of the SFA; or
(v) as specified in Regulation 37A of the Securities and Futures (Offers of Investments) (Securities and Securities-based Derivatives Contracts) Regulations 2018. Solely for the purposes of our obligations pursuant to Section 309B of the SFA, we have determined, and hereby notify all
relevant persons (as defined in the CMP Regulations 2018), that the shares are “prescribed capital markets products” (as defined in the CMP Regulations 2018) and Excluded Investment Products (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment Products). Switzerland This prospectus is not intended to constitute an offer or solicitation to purchase or invest in the ordinary shares. The
ordinary shares may not be publicly offered, directly or indirectly, in Switzerland within the meaning of the Swiss Financial Services Act (the “FinSA”), and no application has or will be made to admit the ordinary shares to trading on any
trading venue (exchange or multilateral trading facility) in Switzerland. Neither this prospectus nor any other offering or marketing material relating to the ordinary shares constitutes a prospectus pursuant to the FinSA, and neither this
prospectus nor any other offering or marketing material relating to the ordinary shares may be publicly distributed or otherwise made publicly available in Switzerland. Neither this document nor any other offering or marketing material relating to the offering, us or the ordinary shares has
been or will be filed with or approved by any Swiss regulatory authority. In particular, this document will not be filed with, and the offer of the ordinary shares will not be supervised by, the Swiss Financial Market Supervisory Authority, and the
offer of the ordinary shares has not been, and will not be, authorized under the Swiss Federal Act on Collective Investment Schemes (the “CISA”). The investor protection afforded to acquirers of interests in collective investment schemes
under the CISA does not extend to acquirers of the ordinary shares. United Kingdom In relation to the United Kingdom, no ordinary shares have been offered or will be offered pursuant to the offering to the
public in the United Kingdom prior to the publication of a prospectus in relation to the ordinary shares that either (1) has been approved by the Financial Conduct Authority or (2) is to be treated as if it has been approved by the
Financial Conduct Authority in accordance with the transitional provision in Regulation 74 of the Prospectus (Amendment etc.) (EU Exit) Regulations 2019, except that the ordinary shares may be offered to the public in the United Kingdom at any time
under the following exemptions under the U.K. Prospectus Regulation: • | to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined under Article 2 of the U.K. Prospectus Regulation; • | to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined under Article 2 of the U.K. Prospectus Regulation), subject to obtaining the prior consent of the representatives for any such offer; or • | in any other circumstances falling within Section 86 of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (“FSMA”); provided that no such offer of the ordinary shares shall require the us or any underwriter
to publish a prospectus pursuant to Section 85 of the FSMA or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the U.K. Prospectus Regulation. For the purposes of this provision, the expression an “offer to the public” in relation to
the ordinary 169 Table of Contents shares in the United Kingdom means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the offer and any ordinary shares to be offered so as to enable an
investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for any ordinary shares and the expression “U.K. Prospectus Regulation” means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act
2018. In addition, in the United Kingdom, this document is being distributed only to, and is directed only at, and any
offer subsequently made may only be directed at persons who are “qualified investors” (as defined in the U.K. Prospectus Regulation) (i) who have professional experience in matters relating to investments falling within Article 19(5)
of the FSMA (Financial Promotion) Order 2005, as amended, or the “Order,” or (ii) who are high net worth companies (or persons to whom it may otherwise be lawfully communicated) falling within Article 49(2)(a) to (e) of the Order
(all such persons together being referred to as “relevant persons”) or otherwise in circumstances which have not resulted and will not result in an offer to the public of the ordinary shares in the United Kingdom within the meaning of the
FSMA. In the United Kingdom, any investment or investment activity to which this document relates is only available to, and will be engaged in with, relevant persons. Any person in the United Kingdom who is not a relevant person must not act on or
rely upon this document or any of its contents. 170 Table of Contents EXPENSES OF THIS OFFERING The following table sets forth the costs and expenses, other than the underwriting discounts and commissions, payable by us in
connection with the sale of our ordinary shares being registered. All amounts are estimates except for the SEC registration fee and the FINRA filing fee. Item | Amount to Be Paid
SEC registration fee | $ | 269,887
FINRA filing fee | 225,500
Exchange listing fee | 300,000
Printing and engraving expenses | 900,000
Legal fees and expenses | 1,500,000
Accounting fees and expenses | 1,000,000
Transfer agent and registrar fees | 10,000
Miscellaneous | 1,400,000
Total | $ | 5,605,387 171 Table of Contents LEGAL MATTERS The validity of the issuance of our ordinary shares offered in this prospectus and certain other matters of Bermuda law will
be passed upon for us by Conyers Dill & Pearman Limited, our special Bermuda counsel. Certain matters of U.S.
federal law will be passed upon for us by Skadden, Arps, Slate, Meagher & Flom LLP and for the underwriters by Latham & Watkins LLP. Ropes & Gray LLP has acted as counsel for the selling shareholders in connection with
certain legal matters related to this offering. EXPERTS The consolidated financial statements of Viking Holdings Ltd at December 31, 2023 and 2022, and for each of the three
years in the period ended December 31, 2023, appearing in this prospectus and registration statement have been audited by Ernst & Young AS, independent registered public accounting firm, as set forth in their report thereon appearing
elsewhere herein, and are included in reliance upon such report given on the authority of such firm as experts in accounting and auditing. Ernst & Young AS is located at Stortorvet 7, P.O Box 1156, Sentrum, Oslo, Norway. 172 Table of Contents SERVICE OF PROCESS AND ENFORCEMENT OF CIVIL LIABILITIES We are a Bermuda exempted company. As a result, the rights of holders of our ordinary shares will be governed by
Bermuda law and our memorandum of association and bye-laws. The rights of shareholders under Bermuda law may differ from the rights of shareholders of companies incorporated in other jurisdictions. Some of our
directors and certain of the named experts referred to in this prospectus are not residents of the United States, and a substantial portion of our assets are located outside the United States. As a result, it may be difficult for investors to
effect service of process on those persons in the United States or to enforce in the United States judgments obtained in U.S. courts against us or those persons based on the civil liability provisions of the U.S. securities laws. It is doubtful whether courts in Bermuda will enforce judgments obtained in other jurisdictions, including the United States,
against us or our directors or officers under the securities laws of those jurisdictions or entertain actions in Bermuda against us or our directors or officers under the securities laws of other jurisdictions. 173 Table of Contents WHERE YOU CAN FIND MORE INFORMATION We have filed with the SEC a registration statement (including amendments and exhibits to the registration statement) on Form F-1 under the Securities Act. This prospectus, which is part of the registration statement, does not contain all of the information set forth in the registration statement and the exhibits and schedules to the
registration statement. For further information, we refer you to the registration statement and the exhibits and schedules filed as part of the registration statement. If a document has been filed as an exhibit to the registration statement, we
refer you to the copy of the document that has been filed. Each statement in this prospectus relating to a document filed as an exhibit is qualified in all respects by the filed exhibit. Upon the consummation of this offering, we will become subject to the informational requirements of the Exchange Act.
Accordingly, we will be required to file reports and other information with the SEC, including annual reports on Form 20-F and reports on Form 6-K. The SEC maintains an
internet website that contains reports and other information about issuers, like us, that file electronically with the SEC. The address of that website is www.sec.gov. As a foreign private issuer, we are exempt under the Exchange Act from, among other things, the rules prescribing the
furnishing and content of proxy statements, and our executive officers, directors and principal shareholder are exempt from the reporting and short-swing profit recovery provisions contained in Section 16 of the Exchange Act. In addition, we
will not be required under the Exchange Act to file periodic reports and financial statements with the SEC as frequently or as promptly as U.S. companies whose securities are registered under the Exchange Act. We will send the transfer agent a copy of all notices of shareholders’ meetings and other reports, communications and
information that are made generally available to shareholders. The transfer agent has agreed to mail to all shareholders a notice containing the information (or a summary of the information) contained in any notice of a meeting of our shareholders
received by the transfer agent and will make available to all shareholders such notices and all such other reports and communications received by the transfer agent. 174 Table of Contents INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Viking Holdings Ltd Page
Consolidated Financial Statements
Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm—Ernst & Young AS (PCAOB ID: 1572) | F-2
Consolidated Statements of Operations for the Years Ended December 31, 2021, 2022 and 2023 | F-4
Consolidated Statements of Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) for the Years Ended December 31, 2021, 2022 and 2023 | F-5
Consolidated Statements of Financial Position as of December 31, 2022 and 2023 | F-6
Consolidated Statements of Changes in Shareholders’ Equity for the Years Ended December 31, 2021, 2022 and 2023 | F-7
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended December 31, 2021, 2022 and 2023 | F-8
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements | F-9
Financial Statement Schedule
Schedule I—Condensed Financial Information of Parent Company Only as of December 31, 2022 and 2023 and for the Years Ended December 31, 2021, 2022 and 2023 | F-71 F-1 Table of Contents Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm To the Shareholders and the Board of Directors of Viking Holdings Ltd Opinion on the Financial Statements We have audited the
accompanying consolidated statements of financial position of Viking Holdings Ltd (the ”Company”) as of December 31, 2023 and 2022, the related consolidated statements of operations, other comprehensive income (loss), change in
shareholders’ equity and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2023, and the related notes and financial statement Schedule I (collectively referred to as the “consolidated financial
statements”). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company at December 31, 2023 and 2022, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for
each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2023, in conformity with International Financial Reporting Standards as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board. Basis for Opinion These financial statements are the
responsibility of the Company’s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company’s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight
Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable
assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As
part of our audits we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company’s internal control over financial reporting.
Accordingly, we express no such opinion. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial
statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also
included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. Critical Audit Matter The critical audit matter
communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to
the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective or complex judgments. The communication of the critical audit matter does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a
whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. Private placement derivative – fair value measurement Description of the Matter | As of December 31, 2023, the fair value of the Company’s private placement derivative was a liability of $2,640.8 million. As described in Note 2.2, Note 20, and Note 26 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company has issued preference shares which are accounted for as financial liabilities as certain conversion features are F-2 Table of Contents not within the Company’s control and can be cash settled. The equity conversion features have been bifurcated as a derivative and are carried at fair value. The valuation of the private placement derivative is based on a lattice valuation model methodology, which takes into consideration enterprise value based on a discounted cash flow model, fair value of debt holdings and market factors. Auditing the fair value measurement of the private placement derivative was complex due to the judgment applied by management in selecting appropriate valuation methods and certain significant assumptions required to estimate the fair value of the private placement derivative, including but not limited to occupancy rates from existing and expected vessel and ship deliveries, terminal growth rates, and discount rates used in the discounted cash flow model, as well as ordinary share volatility. How We Addressed the Matter in Our Audit | We obtained an understanding of the valuation methods and significant assumptions used by management to estimate the fair value of the private placement derivative. Our audit procedures included, among others, testing management’s significant assumptions used in the discounted cash flow model. To evaluate the reasonableness of occupancy rates from existing and expected vessel and ship deliveries we performed look-back analyses of prior period significant assumptions to actuals and assessed whether the occupancy rates were reasonable relative to the current and past performance of the Company. We have considered external market and industry data that could be contrary to the cash flow assumptions used by management, and further assessed whether the significant assumptions were consistent with evidence obtained in other areas of the audit. We involved our valuation specialists to assist in our evaluation of the methodology used by the Company and to test the appropriateness of terminal growth rates, discount rates and ordinary share volatility by comparing these inputs to observable industry and market data. We developed an estimate of the fair value of the private placement derivative and compared our estimate to management’s estimate. We also assessed the adequacy of the related disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. /s/ Ernst & Young AS We have served as the
Company’s auditor since 2010. Oslo, Norway March 8, 2024, except for the effects of the share split as disclosed in Note 2, “Basis of preparation and accounting policies - Basis of
preparation”, as to which the date is April 22, 2024. F-3 Table of Contents VIKING HOLDINGS LTD CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS (in USD and thousands, except per share data) Year Ended December 31,
Notes | 2021 | 2022 | 2023
Revenue
Cruise and land | $ | 543,007 | $ | 2,955,872 | $ | 4,383,524
Onboard and other | 82,094 | 220,107 | 326,969
Total revenue | 4 | 625,101 | 3,175,979 | 4,710,493
Cruise operating expenses
Commissions and transportation costs | (157,022) | (769,556) | (1,053,874)
Direct costs of cruise, land and onboard | (96,947) | (408,652) | (586,234)
Vessel operating | 17 | (458,312) | (974,159) | (1,211,676)
Total cruise operating expenses | (712,281) | (2,152,367) | (2,851,784)
Other operating expenses
Selling and administration | 2 | (459,062) | (682,810) | (789,040)
Depreciation, amortization and impairment | 9, 10 | (204,407) | (276,513) | (251,311)
Gain on sale of Viking Sun | 27 | 75,588 | — | —
Total other operating expenses | (587,881) | (959,323) | (1,040,351)
Operating (loss) income | (675,061) | 64,289 | 818,358
Non-operating income (expense)
Interest income | 1,929 | 14,044 | 48,027
Interest expense | 18 | (384,493) | (456,637) | (538,974)
Currency gain (loss) | 5,396 | (35,035) | (20,815)
Private Placement derivatives (loss) gain | 20 | (696,102) | 808,523 | (2,007,089)
Loss on Private Placement refinancing | 19 | (367,233) | — | —
Other financial income (loss) | 8,352 | 12,236 | (151,469)
(Loss) income before income taxes | (2,107,212) | 407,420 | (1,851,962)
Income tax expense | 13 | (5,030) | (8,902) | (6,639)
Net (loss) income | $ | (2,112,242) | $ | 398,518 | $ | (1,858,601)
Net (loss) income attributable to Viking Holdings Ltd | $ | (2,111,994) | $ | 398,563 | $ | (1,859,077)
Net (loss) income attributable to non-controlling interests | $ | (248) | $ | (45) | $ | 476
Weighted-average ordinary shares and special shares outstanding (in thousands)
Basic | 22 | 225,731 | 221,936 | 221,936
Diluted | 22 | 225,731 | 406,203 | 221,936
Net (loss) income per share attributable to ordinary shares and special shares
Basic | 22 | $ | (5.16) | $ | 1.07 | $ | (4.44)
Diluted | 22 | $ | (5.16) | $ | (0.77) | $ | (4.44) The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. F-4 Table of Contents VIKING HOLDINGS LTD CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS) (in USD and thousands) Year Ended December 31,
Notes | 2021 | 2022 | 2023
Net (loss) income | $ | (2,112,242) | $ | 398,518 | $ | (1,858,601)
Other comprehensive income (loss)
Other comprehensive income (loss) to be reclassified to net income (loss) in subsequent periods:
Exchange differences on translation of foreign operations | (13,009) | 12,965 | 7,925
Net change in cash flow hedges | 25 | — | 7,589 | 1,726
Net other comprehensive (loss) income to be reclassified to net income (loss) in subsequent periods | (13,009) | 20,554 | 9,651
Other comprehensive income (loss) not to be reclassified to net income (loss) in subsequent periods:
Remeasurement gains (losses) on defined benefit plans | 16 | 5,373 | 1 | (3,162)
Income tax effect | 13 | (701) | — | 412
Net other comprehensive income (loss) not to be reclassified to net income (loss) in subsequent periods | 4,672 | 1 | (2,750)
Other comprehensive (loss) income, net of tax | (8,337) | 20,555 | 6,901
Total comprehensive (loss) income | $ | (2,120,579) | $ | 419,073 | $ | (1,851,700)
Total comprehensive (loss) income attributable to Viking Holdings Ltd | $ | (2,120,331) | $ | 419,122 | $ | (1,852,162)
Total comprehensive (loss) income attributable to non-controlling interests | $ | (248) | $ | (49) | $ | 462 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. F-5 Table of Contents VIKING HOLDINGS LTD CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF FINANCIAL POSITION (in USD and thousands) Notes | December 31, 2022 | December 31, 2023
Assets
Non-current assets
Property, plant and equipment and intangible assets | 9 | $ | 5,255,237 | $ | 5,684,315
Right-of-use assets | 10 | 277,022 | 268,834
Investments in associated companies | 27 | 6,497 | 10,473
Deferred tax assets | 13 | 16,232 | 42,853
Other non-current assets | 11 | 137,859 | 136,855
Total non-current assets | 5,692,847 | 6,143,330
Current assets
Cash and cash equivalents | 5 | 1,253,140 | 1,513,713
Accounts and other receivables | 6 | 567,259 | 344,754
Inventories | 7 | 45,378 | 54,602
Prepaid expenses and other current assets | 8 | 288,308 | 427,202
Current receivables due from related parties | 27 | 10,523 | 12,316
Total current assets | 2,164,608 | 2,352,587
Total assets | $ | 7,857,455 | $ | 8,495,917
Shareholders’ equity and liabilities
Shareholders’ equity
Share capital | 19 | $ | 2,253 | $ | 2,253
Share premium | 19 | (44,565) | (44,565)
Other paid-in equity | 13, 21 | 133,620 | 178,492
Other components of equity | 16, 25 | 6,520 | 13,435
Retained losses | (3,594,507) | (5,503,218)
Equity attributable to shareholders of Viking Holdings Ltd | (3,496,679) | (5,353,603)
Non-controlling interests | 3,262 | 3,724
Total shareholders’ equity | (3,493,417) | (5,349,879)
Non-current liabilities
Long-term portion of bank loans and financial liabilities | 14 | 1,711,331 | 1,757,372
Secured Notes | 14 | 1,670,392 | 1,015,657
Unsecured Notes | 14 | 1,555,857 | 2,270,246
Private Placement liability | 20 | 1,384,780 | 1,394,552
Private Placement derivative | 20 | 633,670 | 2,640,759
Long-term portion of lease liabilities | 10 | 239,419 | 227,956
Deferred tax liabilities | 13 | 5,263 | 4,082
Other non-current liabilities | 15 | 49,680 | 171,281
Total non-current liabilities | 7,250,392 | 9,481,905
Current liabilities
Accounts payables | 194,893 | 244,581
Short-term portion of bank loans and financial liabilities | 14 | 251,561 | 253,020
Short-term portion of lease liabilities | 10 | 22,991 | 24,670
Deferred revenue | 4 | 3,319,178 | 3,486,579
Accrued expenses and other current liabilities | 12 | 311,230 | 355,041
Current payables due to related parties | 627 | —
Total current liabilities | 4,100,480 | 4,363,891
Total shareholders’ equity and liabilities | $ | 7,857,455 | $ | 8,495,917 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. F-6 Table of Contents VIKING HOLDINGS LTD CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN SHAREHOLDERS’ EQUITY (in USD and thousands) Attributable to the equity holders of the parent
Notes | Share capital | Share premium | Treasury shares | Other paid-in equity | Translation adjustment | Pension measurement adjustment | Cash flow hedge | Retained losses | Non-controlling interests | Total shareholders’ equity
Balance at January 1, 2021 | $ | 2,667 | $ | (25,677) | $ | (151,241) | $ | 83,343 | $ | (3,696) | $ | (2,006) | $ | — | $ | (1,424,793) | $ | 1,367 | $ | (1,520,036)
Net loss | — | — | — | — | — | — | — | (2,111,994) | (248) | $ | (2,112,242)
Other comprehensive loss | 16 | — | — | — | — | (13,009) | 4,672 | — | — | — | (8,337)
Total comprehensive loss | — | — | — | — | (13,009) | 4,672 | — | (2,111,994) | (248) | (2,120,579)
Issuance of warrants for Ordinary Shares | 19 | — | — | — | — | — | — | — | (26,660) | — | (26,660)
Increase to non-controlling interests | — | — | — | — | — | — | — | — | 1,280 | 1,280
Repurchase for cancellation of Ordinary and Non-Voting Ordinary Shares | 19 | (260) | — | — | — | — | — | — | (199,740) | — | (200,000)
Retirement of Treasury Shares | 19 | (154) | (18,888) | 151,241 | — | — | — | — | (132,199) | — | —
Dividend distribution | 19 | — | — | — | — | — | — | — | (51,222) | — | (51,222)
Stock based compensation | 21 | — | — | — | 23,896 | — | — | — | — | — | 23,896
Income tax impact due to stock based compensation | 13 | — | — | — | 8,661 | — | — | — | — | — | 8,661
Balance at December 31, 2021 | $ | 2,253 | $ | (44,565) | $ | — | $ | 115,900 | $ | (16,705) | $ | 2,666 | $ | — | $ | (3,946,608) | $ | 2,399 | $ | (3,884,660)
Balance at January 1, 2022 | $ | 2,253 | $ | (44,565) | $ | — | $ | 115,900 | $ | (16,705) | $ | 2,666 | $ | — | $ | (3,946,608) | $ | 2,399 | $ | (3,884,660)
Net income | — | — | — | — | — | — | — | 398,563 | (45) | 398,518
Other comprehensive income | 16, 25 | — | — | — | — | 12,969 | 1 | 7,589 | — | (4) | 20,555
Total comprehensive income | — | — | — | — | 12,969 | 1 | 7,589 | 398,563 | (49) | 419,073
Increase to non-controlling interests | — | — | — | — | — | — | — | — | 912 | 912
Dividend distribution | 19 | — | — | — | — | — | — | — | (46,462) | — | (46,462)
Stock based compensation | 21 | — | — | — | 25,263 | — | — | — | — | — | 25,263
Income tax impact due to stock based compensation | 13 | — | — | — | (7,543) | — | — | — | — | — | (7,543)
Balance at December 31, 2022 | $ | 2,253 | $ | (44,565) | $ | — | $ | 133,620 | $ | (3,736) | $ | 2,667 | $ | 7,589 | $ | (3,594,507) | $ | 3,262 | $ | (3,493,417)
Balance at January 1, 2023 | $ | 2,253 | $ | (44,565) | $ | — | $ | 133,620 | $ | (3,736) | $ | 2,667 | $ | 7,589 | $ | (3,594,507) | $ | 3,262 | $ | (3,493,417)
Net loss | — | — | — | — | — | — | — | (1,859,077) | 476 | (1,858,601)
Other comprehensive income | 16, 25 | — | — | — | — | 7,939 | (2,750) | 1,726 | — | (14) | 6,901
Total comprehensive loss | — | — | — | — | 7,939 | (2,750) | 1,726 | (1,859,077) | 462 | (1,851,700)
Dividend distribution | 19 | — | — | — | — | — | — | — | (49,634) | — | (49,634)
Stock based compensation | 21 | — | — | — | 17,909 | — | — | — | — | — | 17,909
Income tax impact due to stock based compensation | 13 | — | — | — | 26,963 | — | — | — | — | — | 26,963
Balance at December 31, 2023 | $ | 2,253 | $ | (44,565) | $ | — | $ | 178,492 | $ | 4,203 | $ | (83) | $ | 9,315 | $ | (5,503,218) | $ | 3,724 | $ | (5,349,879) The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. F-7 Table of Contents VIKING HOLDINGS LTD CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS (in USD and thousands) Year Ended December 31,
Notes | 2021 | 2022 | 2023
Cash flows from operating activities
Net (loss) income | $ | (2,112,242) | $ | 398,518 | $ | (1,858,601)
Adjustments to reconcile net (loss) income to net cash flows
Depreciation, amortization and impairment | 9, 10 | 204,407 | 276,513 | 251,311
Amortization of debt transaction costs | 18 | 21,466 | 34,639 | 38,393
Loss on early extinguishment of debt | — | — | 48,114
Gain on modification of loans and financial liabilities, net | 18 | (13,434) | — | —
Non-cash loss on Private Placement refinancing | 19 | 366,537 | — | —
Private Placement derivatives loss (gain) | 20 | 696,102 | (808,523) | 2,007,089
Foreign currency (gain) loss on loans | (1,317) | 19,264 | 11,278
Gain on sale of Viking Sun | 27 | (75,588) | — | —
Non-cash financial (gain) loss | (14,179) | (10,709) | 161,184
Stock based compensation expense | 21 | 23,896 | 25,263 | 17,909
Interest income | (1,929) | (14,044) | (48,027)
Interest expense | 18 | 376,461 | 421,998 | 452,467
Dividend income | — | (763) | (3,477)
Changes in working capital:
Increase (decrease) in deferred revenue | 4 | 1,457,200 | (167,779) | 167,401
Changes in other liabilities and assets | (254,110) | 250,351 | 128,705
Increase in inventories | 7 | (7,018) | (12,682) | (9,224)
Changes in deferred tax assets and liabilities | 13 | (566) | (2,077) | (427)
Changes in other non-current assets and other non-current liabilities | 11, 15 | 57,876 | (27,541) | 15,308
Changes in related party receivables and payables | 27 | (8,176) | (401) | (2,420)
Income taxes paid | (13,843) | (9,362) | (5,652)
Net cash flow from operating activities | 701,543 | 372,665 | 1,371,331
Cash flows from investing activities
Investments in property, plant and equipment and intangible assets | 9 | (959,393) | (954,898) | (673,932)
Capital contribution to associated company | 27 | (18,000) | — | (7,000)
Proceeds from sale of Viking Sun | 27 | 400,000 | — | —
Purchase of investment | (100,000) | — | —
Proceeds from settlement of investment | — | 100,000 | —
Prepayment for vessel charter | — | (1,481) | (2,403)
Dividends received | — | 763 | 3,477
Interest received | 1,859 | 14,114 | 45,631
Net cash flow used in investing activities | (675,534) | (841,502) | (634,227)
Cash flows from financing activities
Repayment of borrowings | 14 | (388,506) | (227,692) | (963,758)
Proceeds from borrowings | 14 | 1,297,064 | 670,307 | 1,069,088
Transaction costs incurred for borrowings | 14 | (34,490) | (43,504) | (51,252)
Penalties paid for early extinguishment of debt | 14 | — | — | (32,987)
Proceeds from issuance of Series C Preference Shares | 19 | 699,000 | — | —
Dividend distribution | 19 | (51,222) | (46,462) | (49,634)
Repurchase of Ordinary and Non-Voting Ordinary Shares | 19 | (200,000) | — | —
Contributed capital | 1,280 | 912 | —
Principal payments for lease liabilities | 10 | (10,758) | (18,328) | (20,586)
Interest payments for lease liabilities | 10 | (5,330) | (13,189) | (22,763)
Interest paid | (343,593) | (402,977) | (407,759)
Net cash flow from (used in) financing activities | 963,445 | (80,933) | (479,651)
Change in cash and cash equivalents | 989,454 | (549,770) | 257,453
Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents | (2,548) | (9,863) | 3,120
Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents | $ | 986,906 | $ | (559,633) | $ | 260,573
Cash and cash equivalents
Cash and cash equivalents at January 1 | 5 | $ | 825,867 | $ | 1,812,773 | $ | 1,253,140
Cash and cash equivalents at December 31 | 5 | 1,812,773 | 1,253,140 | 1,513,713
Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents | $ | 986,906 | $ | (559,633) | $ | 260,573 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. F-8 Table of Contents VIKING HOLDINGS LTD NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS DECEMBER 31, 2023 1. | CORPORATE INFORMATION Viking Holdings Ltd (“VHL” or the “Company”) is a Bermuda company, incorporated on July 21, 2010, whose registered address is
Clarendon House, 2 Church Street, Hamilton HM 11, Bermuda. The Company is registered in Bermuda as an exempted company and, pursuant to Section 14(3) of the Companies Act 1981, has perpetual succession. The Company’s majority shareholder
is Viking Capital Limited (“VCAP”), which is registered in the Cayman Islands as an exempted company. The principal business activity of the
Company and its subsidiaries (the “Group”) is to engage in passenger shipping and other forms of passenger transport and as a tour entrepreneur for passengers and related activities in tourism. 2. | BASIS OF PREPARATION AND ACCOUNTING POLICIES Basis of preparation The consolidated financial
statements of the Group (the “consolidated financial statements”) have been prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards (“IFRS”) as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board
(“IASB”). The consolidated financial statements have been prepared on a historical cost basis, except for forward foreign currency contracts,
financial assets and liabilities at fair value through profit or loss, the warrant liability and the Private Placement derivatives, which are carried at fair value and are re-measured through the consolidated
statements of operations and the consolidated statements of other comprehensive income (loss). The preparation of the consolidated financial statements
in conformity with IFRS requires the use of certain critical accounting estimates. It also requires management to exercise judgment in the process of applying the Group’s accounting policies. See Note 2.2 for further discussion. Except as otherwise noted, all amounts in the consolidated financial statements are presented in United States (“U.S.”) Dollars (“USD” or
“$”) and all values are rounded to the nearest thousand ($000). The consolidated statements of cash flows are prepared using the indirect method. The consolidated financial statements are based on the assumption of going concern. On April 11, 2024, a 26-for-1 share split of the Company’s authorized and issued Ordinary Shares, Special Shares, Preference Shares, Non-Voting
Ordinary Shares and Series C Preference Shares was effected by way of an increase in capital and bonus issue of 25 shares on each one outstanding share (the “26-for-1 share split”). Contractual agreements which settle in shares,
including warrants and share-based payment arrangements, include anti-dilution provisions which provide for the automatic adjustment in the event of share splits. The Company has given retrospective effect to the 26-for-1 share split on all share
and per-share amounts, including for such contractual arrangements that settle in shares, for all periods presented, including in Notes 19, 21 and 22. The consolidated financial statements were approved by the Company’s Board of Directors on March 8, 2024, except for the 26-for-1 share split
described above, as to which the date is April 22, 2024. Basis of consolidation The consolidated financial statements comprise the financial statements of VHL and its subsidiaries as of December 31. The financial statements of the
subsidiaries are prepared for the same reporting periods as VHL, using consistent accounting policies. F-9 Table of Contents Subsidiaries are consolidated from the date of acquisition, being the date on which the Group obtains
control, and continue to be consolidated until such control ceases. All intra-group balances, transactions and gains and losses resulting from intra-group transactions are eliminated on consolidation. A list of the Company’s subsidiaries is set
out in Note 3. Non-controlling interests represent the portion of profit or loss and net assets attributable to
owners outside the Group related to subsidiaries the Group controls but does not 100% own. 2.1 | Changes in accounting policies and disclosures New and amended standards and interpretations The Group
intends to adopt relevant new and amended accounting standards and interpretations when they become effective. Other than as described below, new or amended standards and interpretations adopted since January 1, 2023 had no or an immaterial
impact on the consolidated financial statements. The Group has not early adopted any standards, interpretations or amendments that have been issued but are not yet effective. The Group has adopted International Tax Reform – Pillar Two Model Rules – Amendments to IAS 12 , which was released in May 2023. The
amendments provide a temporary mandatory exception from deferred tax accounting for the top-up tax, which was effective immediately, and require new disclosures about the Pillar Two, exposure beginning as of
December 31, 2023. The mandatory exception applies retrospectively. However, because the Group had not previously recognized any related deferred taxes, the retrospective application has no impact on the Group’s consolidated financial
statements. The Group adopted the updated disclosure requirements as of December 31, 2023. See Note 13. The Group has adopted the amendment
to IAS 1, which was released in February 2021. The amendment provides guidance and examples to help entities apply materiality judgments to accounting policy disclosures. The amendment aims to help entities provide accounting policy
disclosures that are more useful by replacing the requirement for entities to disclose their significant accounting policies with a requirement to disclose their material accounting policies and adding guidance on how entities apply the concept of
materiality in making decisions about accounting policy disclosures. The amendment has had an impact on the Group’s disclosures of accounting policies, but not on the measurement, recognition or presentation of any items in the Group’s
consolidated financial statements. 2.2 | Critical accounting judgments, estimates and assumptions The preparation of financial statements in conformity with IFRS requires management to make estimates, judgments and assumptions that affect the amounts
reported in the consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes. Management bases its estimates and judgments on historical experience and various other factors that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results of
which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. Actual results may differ from these estimates. The key sources of estimation of uncertainty at the
statement of financial position date, which have a significant risk for causing material adjustments to the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities within the next financial year, are discussed below. Private Placement derivatives In 2016 and 2017, the
Company issued Series A Preference Shares (the “Series A Private Placement”) and Series B Preference Shares (the “Series B Private Placement”), respectively. In February 2021, the Company issued Series C Preference Shares
(“the Series C Private Placement”). As of December 31, 2022 and 2023, the Private Placement liability and the Private Placement derivative related entirely to the Series C Preference Shares. In all periods presented, the Series A
Preference Shares, Series B Preference Shares and Series C Preference Shares are accounted for as financial liabilities as certain conversion features are not within the F-10 Table of Contents Company’s control and can be cash settled. The equity conversion features have been bifurcated from the liabilities as derivatives and are carried at fair value, with changes in value
recognized in Private Placement derivatives (loss) gain in the consolidated statements of operations. The valuation of the Private Placement derivatives is based on a lattice model methodology, which takes into consideration enterprise value based
on a discounted cash flow model, fair value of debt holdings and various market factors. The valuation is subject to uncertainty because it is measured based on significant unobservable inputs. The value is sensitive to changes in the price of the
Company’s ordinary shares, which is based on the discounted cash flow model, and volatility. See Note 20. Fleet accounting—useful lives,
depreciation and residual value The Group’s fleet includes vessels and ships, the Group’s most significant assets, which the Group records
at cost, less accumulated depreciation and impairment. To compute depreciation expense for its vessels or ships, the Group estimates the useful lives of the major components of the vessels or ships as well as their residual values. Estimates for
useful lives and residual values differ between the Group’s ocean and expedition ships, which are exposed primarily to salt water and generally operate year-round, and the Group’s river vessels, which are exposed primarily to fresh water
and generally operate for approximately eight to nine months per year. Depreciation expense for the Group’s vessels and ships is computed net of the residual value on a straight-line basis. The Group estimates the useful lives of its vessel or ship components based on its estimated period of economic benefit, the seasonal usage of river vessels,
the comparable market for ocean and expedition ships, historical experience with river vessels, differences in salt water and fresh water deterioration rates and brokers’ assessments of the useful lives, when available. Given the large and
complex nature of its ships, its relatively young fleet and limited market information for river vessels, the Group’s accounting estimates related to vessels and ships require considerable judgment and are inherently uncertain. If factors or
circumstances cause the Group to revise its estimates of vessel or ship service lives or projected residual values, depreciation expense could be materially lower or higher. The estimated useful lives of the Group’s vessel and ship components
generally are as follows: River vessels
Hull and superstructure | 40 - 50 years
Machinery | 40 - 50 years
Hotel and restaurant | 10 years
Navigation equipment | 5 years
Ocean and expedition ships
Hull, deck and machinery | 32 years
Interior | 24 years The Group estimates the residual value of its vessels and ships based on long-term estimates of their resale value at the end
of their useful life to the Group but before the end of their physical and economic lives to others, the comparable market for ocean and expedition ships, the historical resale value of the Group’s river vessels and the higher resale value
potential of vessels exposed primarily to fresh water. The Group estimates the residual value of its vessels or ships at approximately 15% to 20% of the original vessel or ship cost. Impairment of vessels and ships, including right-of-use (“ROU”)
vessel and ship assets The Group reviews its property, plant and equipment, including ROU assets, principally vessels and ships, for impairment
whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value may not be recoverable. The Group evaluates asset impairment at the lowest level for which there are largely independent cash inflows. Impairment exists when the carrying value of an asset exceeds its recoverable amount, which is the higher of its fair value less costs of
disposal and its value in use. Impairment loss is recognized in depreciation, amortization and impairment in the consolidated statements of operations. F-11 Table of Contents For the Group’s vessels and ships, the lowest level for which there are largely independent cash
inflows is generally the individual vessel or ship. The Group considers that the following factors may be indicators of potential impairment: the decision to lay up a vessel or ship, which is to take a vessel or ship out of service, for more than
one season; the carrying value of a vessel or ship exceeds the broker estimate of the value of the vessel or ship; significant physical damage to a vessel or ship; significant, adverse changes in the yields or booking curves associated with the
vessel or ship and other general economic factors. The fair value less costs of disposal for vessels and ships may be based on broker estimates. Value in use for vessels or ships is calculated using a discounted cash flow model. The future cash
flows are derived from past actual performance and management’s assessment of future performance for the vessel’s or ship’s remaining useful life under multiple scenarios reflecting variability in possible results. The value in use is
sensitive to the discount rate used for the discounted cash flow model as well as the expected future cash flows. The Group performs this impairment assessment when there are circumstances that indicate that the carrying value of any of the
Group’s vessels or ships may not be recoverable. However, the Group’s conclusions may change if factors or circumstances cause the Group to revise its assumptions in future periods. 2.3 | Summary of material accounting policies Foreign currency translation and transactions The
functional currency of each entity in the Group is principally determined based on the primary currency of the entity’s revenues. The Group also considers each entity’s transactions with other subsidiaries of the Group. The items included
in the separate financial statements of each entity are measured using that functional currency. Transactions in non-functional currencies are recorded as follows: • | All transactions are initially recorded at the rate of exchange at the date of the transaction. • | Monetary assets and liabilities denominated in non-functional currencies are converted to functional currency using the rate of exchange at the statement of financial position date. • | Non-monetary assets are converted to functional currency at the rate of exchange in effect at the time that the asset was acquired. • | Gains or losses on the conversion of monetary assets and liabilities are reflected in currency gain (loss) in the consolidated statements of operations. Upon consolidation, the statements of financial position and statements of operations of all
companies with a functional currency other than the USD are translated from their functional currencies to the USD, the Group’s presentation currency, as follows: • | All assets and liabilities are translated at the rate of exchange at the statement of financial position date. • | All items of income and expense are translated at the average rate of exchange in the month the transaction occurred. • | Any resulting currency gains or losses are recognized as exchange differences on translation of foreign operations in the consolidated statements of other comprehensive income (loss) and as other components of equity on the consolidated statements of financial position. Cash and cash equivalents Cash and cash equivalents on
the consolidated statements of financial position comprise cash at banks and in hand with an original maturity of three months or less. All credit card and electronic transfer transactions that process in less than 21 days are classified as cash and
cash equivalents. Cash deposits that have restrictions governing their use which prevent the Group from accessing the funds are classified as restricted cash and are included in other current assets or other non-current assets, based on the remaining length of the restriction. F-12 Table of Contents Financial assets measured at amortized cost Financial assets are measured at amortized cost if the financial asset is held within a business model whose objective is to collect contractual cash flows and
if the contractual terms of the financial asset give rise on specified dates to cash flows that are solely payments of principal and interest on the principal amount outstanding. Financial assets measured at amortized cost are subsequently measured
at amortized cost using the effective interest method. Accounts and other receivables Accounts and other receivables are stated at their nominal value less provisions for bad debts. Management reviews all outstanding receivables amounts at each
financial position date to determine expected credit losses. Inventories Inventories are recorded at the lower of historic cost, as defined by the first in, first out method and net realizable values. The components of the
Group’s inventory include catering supplies, food and beverage, fuel and technical supplies. Property, plant and equipment Vessels, Ships and Equipment Critical accounting
judgments, estimates and assumptions related to vessels, ships and equipment are discussed in Note 2.2. The historical cost of vessels, ships and
equipment are comprised of their purchase price, including import duties and non-refundable purchase taxes, interest and other costs incurred during the construction period and any directly attributable costs
of bringing the asset to its working condition and location for its intended use. Payments made on newbuilding and refurbishment contracts for vessels or
ships are included in fixed assets as vessels or ships under construction. The payments are reclassified to vessels, ships and equipment and depreciated when placed in service. Vessel and ship equipment is capitalized and depreciated on a straight-line basis over the asset’s life. Renovations and improvements that add value to
vessels or ships are capitalized and depreciated on a straight-line basis over the shorter of the useful life of the improvements or the vessels’ or ships’ remaining estimated useful lives. Repair and maintenance costs are expensed when
incurred. Hotel onboard equipment (primarily furniture, food service items and linens) for the vessels or ships is depreciated and replacement costs of
such equipment are expensed as incurred. Hotel onboard equipment is depreciated on a straight-line basis over the asset’s life. Dry-dock costs are incurred when a vessel or ship is taken out of service and relate to activities which are necessary to maintain the vessel’s or ship’s class certification. Capitalized dry-dock costs are depreciated on a straight-line basis over the period until the next dry-dock, which is generally five years. The assets’ residual values, useful lives and methods of depreciation are reviewed and adjusted, if appropriate. Other Property, Plant and Equipment Other property,
plant and equipment is stated at historical cost, net of accumulated depreciation and any accumulated impairment losses. The assets are depreciated on a straight-line basis over their estimated useful lives. Estimated useful lives of property, plant
and equipment are summarized below: Furniture | 5 years
Office equipment | 3 years
Leasehold improvements | Shorter of lease term or related asset life F-13 Table of Contents Costs related to other transportation equipment are allocated to components based on manufacturer guidance.
These components are depreciated on a straight-line basis over 10 or 20 years, based on type of component. Useful lives are determined by taking into account the intended use of the components. Intangible assets, including goodwill Intangible assets
acquired in a business combination are recognized at fair value at the date of acquisition. Intangible assets acquired separate from a business combination are initially recognized at cost. Following initial recognition, intangible assets are
carried at initial value less any accumulated amortization and accumulated impairment losses. The Group’s intangible assets primarily include
capitalized software development costs and vessel design costs. The useful lives of intangible assets are assessed to be either finite or indefinite. As of December 31, 2022 and 2023, the Group had no intangible assets with indefinite
useful lives, other than goodwill. Intangible assets with finite lives are amortized on a straight-line basis over their estimated useful lives and
assessed for impairment whenever there is an indication that the intangible asset may be impaired. The amortization period and method for an intangible asset with a finite useful life is reviewed at least annually. Estimated useful lives of
intangible assets with finite lives are summarized below: Software | 3 to 5 years
Intangible vessel design costs | 20 years Leases ROU Assets The Group recognizes ROU assets at the commencement date of the leases, which is the date the asset is available for use. ROU assets are measured at
cost, net of accumulated depreciation and any impairment losses and adjusted for any remeasurement of lease liabilities. The cost of ROU assets includes the amount of lease liabilities recognized, initial direct costs incurred, and lease payments
made at or before the commencement date less any lease incentives received. The ROU asset is depreciated on a straight-line basis over the shorter of its estimated useful life or the lease term. For leases in which the Group obtains ownership of the
lease asset at the end of the lease term, the recognized ROU asset is reclassified to property, plant and equipment upon transfer of ownership. Lease
Liabilities At the commencement date of the leases, the Group recognizes lease liabilities measured at the present value of lease payments to be made
over the lease term. The lease payments include fixed payments (including in-substance fixed payments), and variable lease payments that depend only on an index or a rate, less any lease incentives. The
variable lease payments that do not depend on an index or a rate are recognized as expense in the period incurred. For all leases, except for vessel and ship charters, the Group utilizes the practical expedient to combine lease and non-lease components by asset class. For vessel and ship charters, lease components include payments related to the use of the vessel or ship asset and non-lease components
include payments for services, such as operating the vessel or ship, which are included in vessel operating in the consolidated statements of operations. The Group allocates the contractual payments to the lease and non-lease component based on the relative stand-alone prices. In calculating the present value of lease payments,
the Group uses an incremental borrowing rate for each lease at the lease commencement date, if the interest rate implicit in the lease is not readily determinable. The incremental borrowing rates are calculated based on the Group’s leases and
existing debt instruments adjusted for F-14 Table of Contents credit risk, term and currency. After the commencement date, lease liabilities increase based on the accretion of interest using the effective interest method and decrease for the lease payments
made. In addition, the carrying amount of lease liabilities is remeasured if there is a modification, a change in the lease term, a change in the in-substance fixed lease payments or a change in the assessment
to purchase the underlying asset. The Group has the option to lease the assets for additional periods beyond the original term for most of its leases.
The term for calculating the lease liabilities is the non-cancelable term of the lease, together with any periods covered by an option to extend the lease if it is reasonably certain to be exercised, or any
periods covered by an option to terminate the lease, if it is reasonably certain not to be exercised. The Group applies judgment in evaluating whether it
is reasonably certain to exercise the option to renew or not terminate the lease by considering all relevant factors including importance of the leased asset to operations and cost considerations. After the commencement date, the Group reassesses
the lease term if there is a significant event or change in circumstances that is within its control and affects its ability to exercise (or not to exercise) the option to renew (e.g., a change in business strategy). The Group utilizes the recognition exemptions for short-term leases and low-value asset leases. The expense for
short-term leases and low-value asset leases are recognized as vessel operating or selling and administration in the consolidated statements of operations. Impairment of non-financial assets, including intangible assets Critical accounting judgments, estimates and assumptions related to vessels, ships and equipment are discussed in Note 2.2. The Group assesses at each reporting date whether there is an indication that any of its assets, including property, plant and equipment and intangible
assets, and ROU assets, may be impaired. If an indication of potential impairment exists, or when annual impairment testing for an asset is required, the Group makes an estimate of the asset’s recoverable amount. The recoverable amount for each
individual asset is the greater of an asset’s fair market value less cost to sell and its value in use. The fair value less cost to sell is the estimated amount obtainable from the sale of an asset in an arm’s length transaction less
disposal costs, while value in use is the present value of estimated future cash flows from the continuing use of an asset and from its disposal at the end of its useful life. The Group’s future cash flows may be impacted by climate related
risks, including environmental changes or more stringent environmental regulations. Such changes may impact accounting estimates in future periods, which incorporate forecasted financial performance. Recoverable amounts are estimated for individual assets or, if this is not possible, for the cash-generating unit to which the asset belongs. Where the
carrying value of an asset exceeds its recoverable amount, the asset is considered impaired and is written down to its recoverable amount. An assessment
is made at each reporting date as to whether there is any indication that previously recognized impairment losses may no longer exist or have decreased. If such indication exists, the Group makes an estimate of the recoverable amount. A previously
recognized impairment loss is reversed only if there has been a change in the estimates used to determine the asset’s recoverable amount since the last impairment loss was recognized. If that is the case, the carrying amount of the asset is
increased to its recoverable amount. The increased amount cannot exceed the carrying amount that would have been determined, net of depreciation, had no impairment loss been recognized for the asset in prior years. Investments in associated companies The Group’s
investments in associated companies are accounted for using the equity method because the Group has significant influence over the associated companies. The carrying amount of the investments are adjusted to recognize changes in the Group’s
share of the associated companies’ net income (loss) less any dividends. The Group’s share of the associated companies’ net income (loss) is included in other financial income (loss) in the F-15 Table of Contents consolidated statements of operations. When the Group contributes or sells an asset to an associated company, the elimination of unrealized gains or losses is recognized as a decrease or an
increase in the carrying amount of the investment. Additionally, if the Group’s share of losses of an associated company equals or exceeds the carrying amount of its investment in the associated company, the Group no longer recognizes its share
of further income (losses) until its share of the income equals the share of losses not recognized. Derivative financial instruments that are not
hedging instruments Derivative financial instruments that are not classified as hedging instruments and any embedded derivatives are categorized as
financial assets or financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss. These instruments are measured at fair value with changes in fair value recognized in other financial income (loss) in the consolidated statements of operations. Derivative financial instruments designated as hedging instruments From time to time, the Group may use derivative financial instruments, such as forward foreign currency contracts, to hedge its foreign currency risk. At the
inception of a hedge relationship, the Group formally designates and documents the hedge relationship to which it will apply hedge accounting and the risk management objective and strategy for undertaking the hedge. The documentation includes
identification of the hedging instrument, the hedged item, the nature of the risk being hedged and how the Group will assess whether the hedging relationship meets the hedge effectiveness requirements, including the sources of hedge ineffectiveness. These derivative financial instruments to which hedge accounting applies are initially recognized at fair value. In the consolidated statement of
financial position, hedging instruments are included in prepaid expenses and other current assets or other non-current assets when the fair value is positive and in accrued expenses and other current
liabilities or other non-current liabilities when the fair value is negative. The effective portion of the unrealized gain or loss on the hedging instrument is recognized in the consolidated statements of
other comprehensive income (loss) as net change in cash flow hedges, while any ineffective portion is recognized immediately in the consolidated statements of operations in other financial income(loss). The amounts accumulated in other comprehensive
income (loss) are reclassified to the consolidated statements of operations in the same period during which the hedged cash flows affect the results of operations. When the Group discontinues hedge accounting for all or a portion of its contracts
because the hedged item is no longer expected to occur, the Group reclassifies amounts previously included in the cash flow hedge included in shareholders’ equity into the consolidated statements of operations in other financial income (loss). Warrant liability The warrants are accounted for as
a financial liability because the terms require the Company to potentially issue a variable number of Ordinary Shares in the future. The initial fair value of the warrants was recognized as a reduction to retained earnings because the warrants
represent a distribution of Company value to a shareholder, with a corresponding liability included in other non-current liabilities in the consolidated statements of financial position. The warrant liability
is carried at fair value with changes in value recognized through other financial income (loss) in the consolidated statements of operations. Interest
bearing loans and financial liabilities The Group has several types of interest bearing loans and financial liabilities, including bank loans and
financial liabilities, secured notes and unsecured notes, and the Private Placement liabilities, which may be referred to as loans, financial liabilities, and debt. Interest bearing loans and financial liabilities are initially recognized based on
the consideration received less directly attributable transaction costs and, if applicable, any embedded derivatives. After initial recognition, interest
bearing loans and financial liabilities are subsequently measured at amortized cost using the effective interest rate method. F-16 Table of Contents Directly attributable transaction costs (“debt transaction costs”) incurred in association with
obtaining debt facilities are shown as a reduction of short-term and long-term debt and are amortized over the debt term using the effective interest rate method. The Group derecognizes a financial liability when it is extinguished, which is when the contract is discharged, cancelled, or expires. Benefit plans The Group has two defined benefit pension
plans for all employees in Switzerland, which are governed by the Swiss Federal Law on Occupational Retirement, Survivors’ and Disability Pension Plans (“BVG”) and are administered by two collective pension funds. The Group’s
defined benefit pension plans are contribution-based and provide participants with a minimum guaranteed benefit, which qualifies these plans as defined benefit plans under IAS 19 Employee Benefits . The foundations of the collective pension funds are responsible for the governance of the plans, where the Group pays contributions for its employees. These
contributions are invested as part of the group assets by each foundation and will be used to cover the benefits of each individual plan participant. In certain situations, additional payments or increased periodic contributions by the employer may
become due based on the pension plans’ funded status as measured under the BVG, but the Group would not be liable for the obligations of other entities invested in the respective plans. Actuarial computations of the pension expense and related defined benefit obligations are performed using the projected unit credit method. The determination
of the defined benefit obligation and pension expense requires applying assumptions for discount rate, projected retirement age, disability, mortality and expected future compensation. The plan assets are recorded at fair value. The coverage ratio
approach is used to determine the Group’s share of the total assets in the collective pension foundations. Future payments under the plan may differ from those estimated. The current service cost under the plan and related administrative expenses are recognized in the consolidated statements of operations as part of selling and
administration expenses. Actuarial gains and losses and the return on plan assets are recognized in the consolidated statements of other comprehensive income (loss) as remeasurement gains (losses) on defined benefit plans. The Group maintains defined contribution benefit plans for its employees in the U.S. and United Kingdom. Contributions to the defined contribution plans are
expensed as incurred. Contingent liabilities A
contingent liability is a possible obligation as a result of a past event that is dependent on the occurrence of a future event. An existing obligation, in which it is not likely that the entity will have to dispose of economic benefits or where the
obligation cannot be measured with sufficient reliability, is also considered as a contingent liability. Contingent liabilities are not recognized in the consolidated financial statements but, if material, are disclosed in the accompanying notes. Revenue recognition Revenue is measured based on
the consideration specified in the Group’s contracts with customers and revenue is recognized as the performance obligations are satisfied. F-17 Table of Contents Nature of Goods and Services Cruise and land revenue includes revenue earned primarily from cruises and any other supporting activities, including air, land excursions and customer
cancellation revenues. The Group’s performance obligations under these contracts are to provide a cruise vacation and other supporting activities in exchange for the invoiced ticket price. The Group engages third parties to fulfill obligations
to customers for air, land and shore excursions but retains the ultimate risks of fulfillment and generally has discretion to select the acceptable carrier and absorbs the risk of cost fluctuations. The Group satisfies the performance obligations
and recognizes revenue pro rata over the cruise period, except for land excursions which are recognized when the services are provided, which are either on the first or last day of the cruise and cancellation revenues, which are recognized upon
cancellation. Onboard and other revenue includes revenue earned primarily from optional shore excursions and bar revenue. The Group receives payment
before or concurrently with the transfer of these goods and services to passengers during the cruise and recognizes revenue at the time of transfer. Services revenues related to China Merchants Viking Cruises Limited (“CMV”), a related
party, are recognized over time as the services are performed and are included in onboard and other revenue. When the Group is a pass-through conduit for collecting and remitting taxes to relevant government authorities, such as sales tax, the
effect of such taxes is included, net, in the related revenue. Travel Protection Also included in cruise and land revenue are revenues related to the Group’s travel protection services. The travel protection services generally include:
(1) a refund policy, whereby passengers will receive all or a portion of their deposit value back in cash; (2) a refund policy, whereby passengers will receive all or a portion of their deposit value back in the form of a travel voucher;
and (3) a policy that covers events that occur during the trip (“trip events”), such as medical expenses, emergency evacuation and baggage services. A third party insurance company underwrites all coverage for trip events and for the
majority of the refund policies. Where a third party insurance company provides the travel protection service, the Group recognizes revenue, net of the
cost of such coverage, at the time the travel protection service is sold to the customer. Where the Group provides the travel protection service, the
Group recognizes revenue as part of the cruise performance obligation pro rata over the cruise period or upon cancellation. Additionally, for passenger cancellations covered by the travel protection services provided by the Group, the Group
recognizes a liability for travel protection cancellation reserve for estimated cash and voucher refunds not yet paid or issued. Payment Terms and
Deferred Revenue Payment terms and cancellation policies vary by country of purchase. A deposit for a future cruise is required at or soon after the
time of booking to secure space on the vessel or ship. The Group collects a majority of its deposits for bookings up to and in some cases more than, a year in advance of the departure date with the remaining balances due prior to sailing. Deposits
include the total amounts paid by customers prior to sailing, for which the Group is obligated to perform services. These deposits represent contract liabilities, which are recorded as deferred revenue and are recognized as revenue generally pro
rata over the cruise period. Deferred revenue is a current liability as it relates to the Group’s normal operating cycle. Premium Cruise Vouchers
and Risk Free Vouchers Since 2020, when the Group has cancelled sailings, guests have generally had the option to receive either (1) a refund in
cash for 100% of monies paid to the Group or (2) a cruise voucher with a face value of up to 125% of monies paid (“Premium Cruise Voucher”). Premium Cruise Vouchers can generally be applied to a new booking for up to two years from
the issuance date (or longer, if the expiration date is extended) and any unused Premium F-18 Table of Contents Cruise Vouchers are refunded for the original amount paid upon expiration. In addition, in the event of travel uncertainty, the Group may temporarily update its cancellation policies to give
guests the option to cancel certain cruises closer to the date of departure and receive future cruise vouchers (“Risk Free Vouchers”), instead of incurring cancellation penalties. In response to the COVID-19 pandemic, the Group temporarily updated its cancellation policies for bookings made through June 30, 2022. Risk Free Vouchers can generally be applied to a new booking for two years from the
issuance date and are not refundable for cash. Upon issuance, the Premium Cruise Vouchers and Risk Free Vouchers are included in deferred revenue for
amounts equal to the monies paid. For customers who sail on a future cruise using a Premium Cruise Voucher or a Risk Free Voucher, the Group reduces the deferred revenue liability and recognizes revenue pro rata over the cruise period to which the
voucher is applied. Revenue recognized is equal to the original monies collected. Expired Premium Cruise Vouchers are refunded to customers in cash, with a corresponding decrease in deferred revenue when refunded. Beginning with the return to
operations in 2021, the Group recognizes cruise revenue for Risk Free Vouchers that it estimates will expire unused over the redemption period for these vouchers. Commissions and Transportation Costs and Direct Costs of Cruise, Land and Onboard Expenses from the Group’s cruise operations are recognized at the time the Group provides the services. Share capital and reserves Share Premium Share premium includes the amounts paid in excess of par upon the issuance of shares and exercises of stock options, net of the impact of share repurchases and
retirements. Treasury Shares Shares of the Company
that are reacquired and not cancelled are treasury shares and recognized at cost and deducted from equity. No gain or loss is recognized in the consolidated statement of operations for the purchase, sale, issuance or cancellation of the
Company’s shares. Any difference between the carrying amount and the consideration, if reissued, is recognized in the share premium. Other Paid-In Equity, including Share Based Payment Transactions The Group recognizes stock based compensation expense for
stock based awards granted to employees, including stock options and restricted stock units (“RSUs”), based on the grant date fair value of the awards. The grant date fair value of stock options is estimated using the Black-Scholes option
pricing model. The grant date fair value of RSUs is estimated based on the fair value of the Company’s Non-Voting Ordinary Shares. Stock based compensation is recognized in other paid-in equity, with a corresponding cost in the consolidated statements of operations over the period the employee provides service to the Group. Stock options vest based on the satisfaction of a service condition, which is generally two to four years. Stock options generally expire eight years after
grant date. RSUs have two vesting types. Liquidity-only RSUs vest based on the consummation of an Initial Public Offering or Change in Control by the
Group (“liquidity condition”). Double Trigger RSUs vest based on both a liquidity condition and a service condition of two to four years. Both types of RSUs generally expire seven years after grant date if vesting requirements are not met.
As the time period to satisfy the liquidity condition is longer than the service period required for all RSUs, the liquidity condition is considered a non-vesting condition under IFRS 2, Share-based
payment . Once the employee has satisfied the service period, if any, the RSU remains outstanding even if the employee subsequently terminates employment with the Group. For certain RSUs, the vesting of the award accelerates upon the satisfaction
of the liquidity condition if the employee remains employed by the Group. The Group considers the likelihood of a non-vesting condition not occurring in the grant date fair value of the RSUs. F-19 Table of Contents The Group recognizes stock based compensation expense over the service period and based on the Group’s
best estimate of the number of equity awards for which the service period will ultimately be fulfilled. No expense is recognized for awards granted to employees who do not ultimately fulfill the requisite service requirement. A deferred tax asset is recognized for the estimated future tax deduction related to stock based awards, with a corresponding amount recognized in deferred
tax expense, up to the cumulative stock based compensation expense. Any estimated tax deduction in excess of the cumulative stock based compensation expense is recognized in other paid-in equity. When the
stock based awards are exercised or settled, the tax deduction occurs and the deferred tax asset is realized. Amounts included in other paid-in equity relate to both the historical tax deductions and the
estimated future tax deductions. When the terms of stock based awards are modified, the cumulative minimum expense recognized is the expense as if the
terms had not been modified, if the original service is satisfied. Additional stock based compensation expense is recognized for any modification that increases the total fair value of the stock based payment transaction, or is otherwise beneficial
to the employee as measured at the date of modification. Retained Losses Retained losses include accumulated earnings (losses), distributions to shareholders and repurchases and retirement of shares. All other reserves are as stated in the consolidated statements of changes in shareholders’ equity. Selling and administration costs Selling and
administration costs include marketing costs, employee costs, office expenses, professional services and other administrative costs. Marketing costs include media advertising, brochure production, direct mail costs, promotional expenses, search
engine marketing and other costs that support the ongoing development of the Group’s brand and customer database. Marketing costs are expensed as incurred. For the years ended December 31, 2021, 2022 and 2023, marketing costs were
$204.7 million, $312.4 million and $353.6 million, respectively. Employee costs include salaries, stock based compensation, wages, bonus, payroll taxes and other social costs, employee benefit costs, recruiting costs and travel
expenses related to land based employees. Office expenses include facility costs, utility costs, office supplies and telecommunication costs. Professional service fees include costs for accounting services, legal services and information technology
consulting services. Other administrative costs include corporate insurance, postage and other taxes. Employee costs, office expenses, professional service fees and other administrative expenses are expensed as incurred. Total employee costs, office
expenses, professional service fees and other administrative expenses for the years ended December 31, 2021, 2022 and 2023 were $254.4 million, $370.4 million and $435.4 million, respectively. For the years ended
December 31, 2021, 2022 and 2023, the Group received $3.1 million, $1.2 million and nil, respectively, in government subsidies generally related to furloughing staff in certain locations. These subsidies constitute government grants
related to income and have been presented as a reduction of the employee costs within selling and administration in the consolidated statements of operations. Income tax The Group’s companies are subject to
taxation in the countries in which they operate and tax is calculated at current rates on their respective taxable income. Where appropriate, deferred income taxes are determined using the deferred tax liability method whereby the future expected
impacts of temporary differences between the tax bases of assets and liabilities and their reported amounts in the consolidated financial statements are recognized as deferred tax assets and liabilities. Management evaluates positions taken in the
tax returns with respect to situations in which applicable tax regulations are subject to interpretation and establishes provisions where appropriate. F-20 Table of Contents Deferred tax is recognized for temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities
for financial reporting purposes and the amounts used for taxation purposes. Deferred tax liabilities are recognized for all taxable temporary
differences that will result in taxable amounts in future years. Deferred tax liabilities are not recognized for: • | Temporary differences on the initial recognition of assets or liabilities in a transaction that is not a business combination and that affects neither accounting nor taxable profit or loss; and • | Temporary differences related to investments in subsidiaries and associated companies, to the extent that the Group is able to control the timing of the reversal of the temporary differences and it is probable that they will not reverse in the foreseeable future. Deferred tax assets are recognized when it is probable that sufficient taxable profit will be available against which the deferred tax assets can be utilized.
At each reporting date, the Group reassesses unrecognized deferred tax assets and the carrying amount of deferred tax assets. The Group recognizes a previously unrecognized deferred tax asset to the extent that it has become probable that future
taxable profit will allow the deferred tax asset to be recovered within the timeframe or carryback provisions of the applicable statutes. Conversely, the Group reviews deferred tax assets at each reporting date and reduces the carrying amount of a
deferred tax asset to the extent that it is no longer probable that sufficient taxable profit will be available to allow the utilization of part or all of the deferred tax. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured at the enacted tax rates that apply in the year when the asset is realized or the liability is settled, based
on tax rates and tax laws that have been enacted or substantively enacted at the reporting date. Deferred tax relating to items recognized outside of the
consolidated statements of operations are recognized in correlation to the underlying transaction either in the consolidated statements other comprehensive income (loss) or in the consolidated statements of changes in shareholders’ equity. Deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities are offset if a legally enforceable right exists to set off current tax assets against current income tax
liabilities and the deferred taxes relate to the same taxable entity and the same taxation authority. The Group recognizes income tax provisions for
uncertain tax positions, based solely on their technical merits, when they are not more likely than not to be sustained upon examination by the relevant tax authority. The tax benefit to be recognized is measured as the largest amount of benefit
that is more likely than not of being realized upon ultimate resolution. All interest expense related to income tax liabilities is included in income tax expense. F-21 Table of Contents 3. | GROUP STRUCTURE AND RECENT CHANGES As of December 31, 2023, the Group included the following subsidiaries: Subsidiary | Ownership | Country of Incorporation
Viking River Cruises Australia Pty. Ltd. | 100% | Australia
Viking China Investments Ltd | 100% | Bermuda
Viking Cruises China Ltd | 100% | Bermuda
Viking Cruises Holdings Ltd | 100% | Bermuda
Viking Cruises Ltd | 100% | Bermuda
Viking Cruises USA Ltd | 100% | Bermuda
Viking Expedition Ltd | 100% | Bermuda
Viking Expedition Ship I Ltd | 100% | Bermuda
Viking Expedition Ship II Ltd | 100% | Bermuda
Viking Financial Services Ltd | 100% | Bermuda
Viking Fulfillment Center Ltd (previously Viking Sun Ltd) | 100% | Bermuda
Viking Investments Asia Ltd | 100% | Bermuda
Viking Ocean Cruises Finance Ltd | 100% | Bermuda
Viking Ocean Cruises Ltd | 100% | Bermuda
Viking Ocean Cruises II Ltd | 100% | Bermuda
Viking Ocean Cruises Ship I Ltd | 100% | Bermuda
Viking Ocean Cruises Ship II Ltd | 100% | Bermuda
Viking Ocean Cruises Ship V Ltd | 100% | Bermuda
Viking Ocean Cruises Ship VI Ltd | 100% | Bermuda
Viking Ocean Cruises Ship VII Ltd | 100% | Bermuda
Viking Ocean Cruises Ship VIII Ltd | 100% | Bermuda
Viking Ocean Cruises Ship IX Ltd | 100% | Bermuda
Viking Ocean Cruises Ship X Ltd | 100% | Bermuda
Viking Ocean Cruises Ship XI Ltd | 100% | Bermuda
Viking Ocean Cruises Ship XII Ltd | 100% | Bermuda
Viking Ocean Cruises Ship XIII Ltd | 100% | Bermuda
Viking Ocean Cruises Ship XIV Ltd | 100% | Bermuda
Viking Ocean Cruises Ship XV Ltd | 100% | Bermuda
Viking Ocean Cruises Ship XVI Ltd | 100% | Bermuda
Viking Ocean Cruises Ship XVII Ltd | 100% | Bermuda
Viking Ocean Cruises Ship XVIII Ltd | 100% | Bermuda
Viking Ocean Cruises Ship XIX Ltd | 100% | Bermuda
Viking Ocean Cruises Ship XX Ltd | 100% | Bermuda
Viking River Cruises (Bermuda) Ltd | 100% | Bermuda
Viking River Cruises Ltd | 100% | Bermuda
Viking River Tours Ltd | 100% | Bermuda
Viking Sea Ltd | 100% | Bermuda
Viking Services Ltd | 100% | Bermuda
Viking Tours Ltd | 100% | Bermuda
Viking Services V.R.C.S (Cambodia) Co., Ltd | 100% | Cambodia
Shenzhen China Merchants Viking Cruises Tourism Ltd | 50% | China
Viking Cruises (Shanghai) Ltd | 100% | China
Dilo Holdings Limited | 99.8% | Cyprus
Laspenta Holdings Limited | 100% | Cyprus
Sherry Nile Cruises Company for Floating Hotels JSC | 55% | Egypt
Viking Aton Nile Cruises LLC | 95% | Egypt
Viking Osiris Nile Cruises JSC | 95% | Egypt F-22 Table of Contents Continued Subsidiary | Ownership | Country of Incorporation
Viking River Cruises Egypt for Floating Hotels (S.A.E.) | 95% | Egypt
Viking Catering France SAS | 100% | France
Viking Cruises S.A. | 100% | France
Viking Technical GmbH | 100% | Germany
Viking River Cruises UK Limited | 100% | Great Britain
Viking Cruises Asia Limited | 100% | Hong Kong
Viking Investments Hong Kong Ltd | 100% | Hong Kong
River Dock Danube Investment Ltd. | 100% | Hungary
Viking Hungary Kft | 100% | Hungary
Viking Kikoto Zartkoruen Mukodo Reszvenytarsasag | 100% | Hungary
Viking Travel Services Limited | 100% | Isle of Man
Viking River Cruises Limited | 100% | Liberia
Viking Croisieres S.A. | 100% | Luxembourg
Viking Hydrogen AS | 100% | Norway
Viking Cruises Portugal, S.A. | 100% | Portugal
Passenger Fleet LLC | 100% | Russia
Riverport sro | 100% | Slovak Republic
Viking Catering AG | 100% | Switzerland
Viking Cruises (Switzerland) AG | 100% | Switzerland
Viking River Cruises AG | 100% | Switzerland
Viking Fleet Ukraine Ltd. | 100% | Ukraine
Viking Ukraine Ltd. | 99.9% | Ukraine
Viking Catering USA LLC | 100% | USA
Viking Mississippi LLC | 100% | USA
Viking Mississippi Services LLC | 100% | USA
Viking River Cruises, Inc. | 100% | USA
Viking River Cruises (International) LLC | 100% | USA
Viking USA LLC | 100% | USA The Group’s new subsidiaries in 2023 included Viking Catering France SAS and Riverport sro. 4. | REVENUE FROM CONTRACTS WITH CUSTOMERS Disaggregation of revenue The table below disaggregates
total revenue by reportable segment (see Note 23) for the years ended December 31, 2021, 2022 and 2023: Year Ended December 31,
2021 | 2022 | 2023
(in USD and thousands)
River | $ | 339,208 | $ | 1,796,498 | $ | 2,341,274
Ocean | 250,451 | 1,189,298 | 1,945,200
Other | 35,442 | 190,183 | 424,019
Total revenue | $ | 625,101 | $ | 3,175,979 | $ | 4,710,493 Total revenue for the year ended December 31, 2022 increased by $2,550.9 million to $3,176.0 million from
$625.1 million in 2021. The increase was due to the operation of substantially all of the Group’s fleet and higher occupancy in 2022 compared to 2021. Due to the COVID-19 pandemic, the Group operated
about half of its river fleet and its full fleet of six ocean ships at the peak of operations in 2021. In addition, during 2022, two F-23 Table of Contents additional ocean ships, two additional river vessels, two additional expedition ships and the Viking Mississippi began operations. Total revenue for the year ended December 31, 2023 increased by $1,534.5 million to $4,710.5 million from $3,176.0 million in 2022. The
increase was due to an increase in the size of the Group’s fleet and higher occupancy in 2023 compared to 2022. During the year ended December 31, 2023, the Group operated ships and vessels delivered in 2022 for the entire 2023 season. The
Group also operated additional ships delivered in 2023, including the Viking Saturn and Viking Aton. Regional economic trends affect the Group’s
revenue and cash flows. The table below disaggregates percentage of passengers by source market, which is the passenger’s home country or region, for the years ended December 31, 2021, 2022 and 2023: Year Ended December 31,
2021 | 2022 | 2023
North America | 93.2% | 92.7% | 90.5%
United Kingdom | 6.8% | 5.4% | 4.3%
Other | 0.0% | 1.9% | 5.2%
100.0% | 100.0% | 100.0% The disaggregation by source market is similar across all reportable segments. The Group’s vessels and ships primarily operate in Europe. Deferred revenue (contract liability) Activity in the
Group’s deferred revenue for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2023 is as follows: (in USD and thousands)
As of January 1, 2022 | $ | 3,486,957
Increases due to customer bookings | 3,162,838
Revenue recognized | (3,155,862)
Other | (174,755)
As of December 31, 2022 | $ | 3,319,178
Increases due to customer bookings | 5,048,883
Revenue recognized | (4,685,181)
Other | (196,301)
As of December 31, 2023 | $ | 3,486,579 The Group recognized revenue of $3,155.9 million and $4,685.2 million from contract liabilities during the years
ended December 31, 2022 and 2023, respectively, which primarily related to the Group’s deferred revenue at the beginning of each year and the cash received in each year. Of the $3,486.6 million in deferred revenue as of
December 31, 2023, $162.8 million related to Risk Free Vouchers and $24.2 million related to Premium Cruise Vouchers. Based on booking information as of December 31, 2023, of the $3,486.6 million deferred revenue balance,
94% related to sail dates within the next 12 months. Assets recognized from the costs to obtain a contract with a customer Prepaid commissions and prepaid credit card fees are incremental costs of obtaining contracts with customers that the Group recognizes as assets, which are
included within prepaid expenses and other current assets and other non-current assets on the consolidated statements of financial position. F-24 Table of Contents Prepaid commissions was $45.5 million as of December 31, 2023, of which $39.8 million was
included in prepaid expenses and other current assets and $5.7 million was included in other non-current assets on the consolidated statements of financial position. Prepaid commissions increased from
$31.8 million as of December 31, 2022, to $45.5 million as of December 31, 2023, due to an increase in commission payments due to higher bookings. The majority of the Group’s prepaid commissions as of December 31, 2022
were expensed and reported within commissions and transportation costs and selling and administration in the consolidated statement of operations for the year ended December 31, 2023. See Note 8. Prepaid credit card fees increased from $29.3 million as of December 31, 2022, to $32.5 million as of December 31, 2023, primarily due to
an increase in cash collected from passengers. The majority of the Group’s prepaid credit card fees as of December 31, 2022 were expensed and reported within direct costs of cruise, land and onboard in the consolidated statement of
operations for the year ended December 31, 2023. See Note 8. 5. | CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS A summary of the Group’s cash and cash equivalents as of December 31, 2022 and 2023 is outlined below: December 31,
2022 | 2023
(in USD and thousands)
Cash at bank and in hand | $ | 1,213,433 | $ | 1,481,370
Credit card receivables | 39,707 | 32,343
Total | $ | 1,253,140 | $ | 1,513,713 As of December 31, 2022 and 2023, cash at bank and in hand included $78.4 million and $148.2 million,
respectively, subject to restrictions on use arising from contracts with third parties. 6. | ACCOUNTS AND OTHER RECEIVABLES A summary of the Group’s accounts and other receivables as of December 31, 2022 and 2023 is outlined below: December 31,
2022 | 2023
(in USD and thousands)
Credit card receivables | $ | 472,526 | $ | 207,374
Accounts receivable | 41,437 | 49,988
Indirect tax receivables | 34,134 | 41,982
Yard receivables | 5,537 | 19,932
Other | 13,625 | 25,478
Total | $ | 567,259 | $ | 344,754 Credit card receivables that are not classified as cash and cash equivalents are included in accounts and other receivables.
Credit card receivables represent amounts subject to a priority claim from credit card processors. The priority claim amount, which decreased as of December 31, 2023, compared to December 31, 2022, is based on various factors as determined
by the credit card processors. In addition, as a result of changes in the terms of certain credit card processor agreements, some priority claim amounts which were included in accounts and other receivables as of December 31, 2022 are
restricted cash included in prepaid expenses and other current assets on the consolidated statements of financial position as of December 31, 2023. See Note 8. Accounts receivable includes insurance receivables, vendor receivables, airline receivables and passenger receivables. F-25 Table of Contents 7. | INVENTORIES A summary of the Group’s inventories as of December 31, 2022 and 2023 is outlined below: December 31,
2022 | 2023
(in USD and thousands)
Catering supplies | $ | 11,147 | $ | 16,790
Food and beverage | 11,924 | 14,328
Fuel | 14,208 | 14,011
Technical supplies | 8,099 | 9,473
Total | $ | 45,378 | $ | 54,602 8. | PREPAID EXPENSES AND OTHER CURRENT ASSETS A summary of the Group’s prepaid expenses and other current assets as of December 31, 2022 and 2023 is outlined below: December 31,
2022 | 2023
(in USD and thousands)
Air | $ | 86,212 | $ | 161,992
Restricted cash | — | 75,786
Operating, product and administration costs | 45,272 | 57,181
Commissions | 31,780 | 39,766
Credit card fees | 29,290 | 32,531
Cash deposits | 20,549 | 20,498
Debt transaction costs | 9,613 | 12,332
Advertising | 9,896 | 10,470
2025 Secured Notes embedded derivative | 40,632 | —
Other | 15,064 | 16,646
Total | $ | 288,308 | $ | 427,202 Air increased as of December 31, 2023, compared to December 31, 2022, primarily due to the timing of air ticket
purchases. Restricted cash relates to deposits required by certain credit card processors. As a result of the changes in the terms of certain credit card
processor agreements, the Group earns interest on these deposits. See Note 6. The Group determined that certain redemption features of the 2025 Secured
Notes, as defined in Note 14, included an embedded derivative (the “2025 Secured Notes embedded derivative”). The 2025 Secured Notes embedded derivative was bifurcated from the 2025 Secured Notes and carried at fair value. Changes in fair
value were included in other financial income (loss) in the consolidated statements of operations. In 2023, the Group derecognized the 2025 Secured Notes embedded derivative because the Group exercised the redemption feature of the 2025 Secured
Notes and fully extinguished the 2025 Secured Notes. See Notes 14 and 26. For the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2022, the Group recognized a
gain of $59.9 million and a loss of $27.0 million, respectively, on remeasurement of the 2025 Secured Notes embedded derivative. For the year ended December 31, 2023, the Group recognized a loss of $40.6 million, which included a
$7.3 million loss on remeasurement of the 2025 Secured Notes embedded derivative and a $33.3 million loss to derecognize the 2025 Secured Notes embedded derivative. F-26 Table of Contents 9. | PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT AND INTANGIBLE ASSETS Movements in property, plant and equipment and intangible assets during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2023 are outlined below: (in USD and thousands) | River Vessels & Equipment | Ocean and Expedition Ships & Equipment | River Vessels under Construction | Ocean and Expedition Ships under Construction | Office Equipment | Land & Buildings | Other Fixed Assets | Intangible Assets, including Goodwill | Total
Cost as of January 1, 2022 | $ | 2,566,171 | $ | 2,533,231 | $ | 42,183 | $ | 364,276 | $ | 27,038 | $ | 15,376 | $ | 58,101 | $ | 165,551 | $ | 5,771,927
Additions | 10,596 | 212 | 39,626 | 882,498 | 5,999 | 1,878 | 549 | 13,540 | 954,898
Disposals | (13,550) | (45) | (10,094) | — | (8,645) | — | (6,331) | (387) | (39,052)
Reclassified to finance lease receivables | (28,837) | — | — | — | — | — | — | — | (28,837)
Reclassified between assets | 40,565 | 1,054,356 | (34,960) | (1,053,395) | — | 1,318 | — | (7,884) | —
Effect of currency translation | (5,847) | — | — | — | (155) | (756) | (87) | (406) | (7,251)
Cost as of December 31, 2022 | $ | 2,569,098 | $ | 3,587,754 | $ | 36,755 | $ | 193,379 | $ | 24,237 | $ | 17,816 | $ | 52,232 | $ | 170,414 | $ | 6,651,685
Accumulated depreciation, amortization and impairment as of January 1, 2022 | $ | (781,799) | $ | (255,425) | $ | (10,094) | $ | — | $ | (22,855) | $ | (6,589) | $ | (33,990) | $ | (85,185) | $ | (1,195,937)
Depreciation, amortization and impairment | (142,864) | (88,648) | — | — | (3,199) | (963) | (4,311) | (19,823) | (259,808)
Depreciation and amortization of disposals | 13,218 | 12 | 10,094 | — | 8,248 | — | 4,247 | 180 | 35,999
Reclassified to finance lease receivables | 19,808 | — | — | — | — | — | — | — | 19,808
Effect of currency translation | 2,623 | — | — | — | 135 | 344 | 79 | 309 | 3,490
Accumulated depreciation, amortization and impairment as of December 31, 2022 | $ | (889,014) | $ | (344,061) | $ | — | $ | — | $ | (17,671) | $ | (7,208) | $ | (33,975) | $ | (104,519) | $ | (1,396,448)
Net book value
As of January 1, 2022 | $ | 1,784,372 | $ | 2,277,806 | $ | 32,089 | $ | 364,276 | $ | 4,183 | $ | 8,787 | $ | 24,111 | $ | 80,366 | $ | 4,575,990
As of December 31, 2022 | $ | 1,680,084 | $ | 3,243,693 | $ | 36,755 | $ | 193,379 | $ | 6,566 | $ | 10,608 | $ | 18,257 | $ | 65,895 | $ | 5,255,237 (in USD and thousands) | River Vessels & Equipment | Ocean and Expedition Ships & Equipment | River Vessels under Construction | Ocean and Expedition Ships under Construction | Office Equipment | Land & Buildings | Other Fixed Assets | Intangible Assets, including Goodwill | Total
Cost as of January 1, 2023 | $ | 2,569,098 | $ | 3,587,754 | $ | 36,755 | $ | 193,379 | $ | 24,237 | $ | 17,816 | $ | 52,232 | $ | 170,414 | $ | 6,651,685
Additions | 23,724 | 20,348 | 102,541 | 505,811 | 2,969 | 3,491 | 1,561 | 13,487 | 673,932
Disposals | (1,138) | (15,356) | — | — | (5,799) | (23) | (500) | (12,779) | (35,595)
Reclassified from ROU assets | — | 7,451 | — | — | — | — | — | — | 7,451
Reclassified between assets | 27,377 | 401,133 | (27,377) | (401,133) | — | — | — | — | —
Effect of currency translation | 2,153 | — | — | — | 79 | 502 | 15 | 23 | 2,772
Cost as of December 31, 2023 | $ | 2,621,214 | $ | 4,001,330 | $ | 111,919 | $ | 298,057 | $ | 21,486 | $ | 21,786 | $ | 53,308 | $ | 171,145 | $ | 7,300,245
Accumulated depreciation, amortization and impairment as of January 1, 2023 | $ | (889,014) | $ | (344,061) | $ | — | $ | — | $ | (17,671) | $ | (7,208) | $ | (33,975) | $ | (104,519) | $ | (1,396,448)
Depreciation and amortization | (93,692) | (114,699) | — | — | (3,235) | (1,095) | (2,799) | (17,230) | (232,750)
Depreciation and amortization of disposals | — | 3,113 | — | — | 5,481 | — | 500 | 12,749 | 21,843
Reclassified from ROU assets | — | (7,451) | — | — | — | — | — | — | (7,451)
Effect of currency translation | (785) | — | — | — | (57) | (243) | (19) | (20) | (1,124)
Accumulated depreciation, amortization and impairment as of December 31, 2023 | $ | (983,491) | $ | (463,098) | $ | — | $ | — | $ | (15,482) | $ | (8,546) | $ | (36,293) | $ | (109,020) | $ | (1,615,930)
Net book value
As of January 1, 2023 | $ | 1,680,084 | $ | 3,243,693 | $ | 36,755 | $ | 193,379 | $ | 6,566 | $ | 10,608 | $ | 18,257 | $ | 65,895 | $ | 5,255,237
As of December 31, 2023 | $ | 1,637,723 | $ | 3,538,232 | $ | 111,919 | $ | 298,057 | $ | 6,004 | $ | 13,240 | $ | 17,015 | $ | 62,125 | $ | 5,684,315 F-27 Table of Contents River vessels River vessels and equipment and river vessels under construction include amounts attributable to the Group’s river fleet, including vessels improvements
and equipment for the Viking Mississippi. In 2012, the Group launched the Longship series of vessels. As of December 31, 2023, the Group’s river fleet consisted of 81 river vessels, of which 58 are Longships, 10 are small classes based on
the Longship design, 11 are other river vessels and two are river vessel charters, including the Viking Mississippi. See Note 10 for ROU assets related to river vessel charters. During the year ended December 31, 2022, additions to river vessels and equipment included $10.6 million in improvements to river vessels.
Additionally, the Group derecognized $9.0 million, net, from river vessels and equipment and recognized a finance lease receivable in accounts and other receivables on the consolidated statement of financial position for the Group’s
charter agreement for the Viking Legend. During the year ended December 31, 2023, additions to river vessels and equipment included
$23.7 million in improvements to river vessels. During the year ended December 31, 2022, there were $39.6 million in additions to river
vessels under construction, of which $25.5 million related to Egypt river vessels under construction scheduled for delivery in 2023 and 2024, $6.7 million related to the Viking Osiris, which was delivered in 2022, and $7.4 million
related to vessel equipment for the Viking Mississippi, which was delivered in 2022. During the year ended December 31, 2023, there were
$102.5 million in additions to river vessels under construction, of which $55.2 million related to Egypt river vessels under construction scheduled for delivery between 2024 and 2026, $41.2 million related to eight Longships and two
Longships-Seine scheduled for delivery in 2025 and 2026 and $6.1 million related to the Viking Aton, which was delivered in 2023. During the year
ended December 31, 2022, the Group reclassified $25.9 million from river vessels under construction to river vessels and equipment, in conjunction with the delivery of the Viking Osiris. Additionally, the Group reclassified
$7.7 million and $7.0 million related to the Viking Mississippi vessel from river vessels under construction and intangible assets, respectively, to river vessels and equipment, upon delivery of the Viking Mississippi. During the year ended December 31, 2023, the Group reclassified $27.4 million from river vessels under construction to river vessels and equipment,
in conjunction with the delivery of the Viking Aton. Ocean and expedition ships In 2015, the Group took delivery of its first ocean ship and as of December 31, 2023, the Group had a fleet of nine ocean ships, including the Viking
Saturn, which was delivered in 2023. In 2021, the Group took delivery of its first expedition ship, which is designed for sailings in the polar regions
and the Great Lakes of North America. As of December 31, 2023, the Group had a fleet of two expedition ships. During the year ended
December 31, 2022, additions to ocean and expedition ships and equipment included $0.2 million in improvements for ships. During the year ended
December 31, 2023, additions to ocean and expedition ships and equipment included $20.3 million primarily related to improvements for ships made during dry-dock. During the year ended
December 31, 2023, the Group also had $12.2 million, net, in disposals related to ocean and expedition ships and equipment, primarily due to ocean dry-dock activities. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Group capitalized $882.5 million in ocean and expedition ships under construction primarily related to
shipyard progress payments, primarily consisting of $299.4 million for the F-28 Table of Contents Viking Mars, $232.4 million for the Viking Polaris, $288.2 million for the Viking Neptune, $19.2 million for the Viking Saturn, $21.4 million for the
Viking Vela and $21.8 million for the Viking Vesta. The Group reclassified $1,053.4 million from ocean and expedition ships under construction to ocean and expedition ships and equipment, in conjunction with the deliveries of the Viking
Mars, Viking Polaris and Viking Neptune in 2022. During the year ended December 31, 2023, the Group capitalized $505.8 million in ocean and
expedition ships under construction primarily related to shipyard progress payments, consisting of $316.3 million for the Viking Saturn, which was delivered in 2023, $22.6 million for the Viking Vela, $22.6 million for the Viking
Vesta, $49.6 million for Ship XIII, $24.8 million for Ship XIV, $25.6 million for Ship XV and $25.6 million for Ship XVI. Additions also included $18.7 million in costs related to hydrogen fuel cell technology for certain
ocean ships. The Group reclassified $401.1 million from ocean and expedition ships under construction to ocean and expedition ships and equipment, in conjunction with the delivery of the Viking Saturn. Impairment During the year ended December 31, 2021,
the Group determined certain indicators of potential impairment had occurred as a result of the impact of COVID-19 on the Group’s operations. The Group performed impairment analyses throughout 2021. For
all vessels and ships, the calculated value in use exceeded the carrying value by greater than 20% as of December 31, 2021. For the year ended December 31, 2021, the Group did not recognize any impairment. The Group has five river vessels in Russia and one river vessel in Ukraine, which are not Longships and were built prior to 1991. As a result of the
Russia-Ukraine conflict, in the first quarter of 2022, the Group cancelled all sailings on these vessels. These cancellations were an indicator of potential impairment for these vessels. Accordingly, the Group recognized a $28.6 million
impairment to decrease the carrying value of these river vessels to their estimated values in use of zero. The impairment is included in depreciation, amortization and impairment in the consolidated statement of operations for the year ended
December 31, 2022. Additionally, in 2022, the Group entered into a charter agreement for the Viking Legend river vessel, which included a sale of
the vessel at the end of the lease. Based on the terms of the charter agreement, the Group determined that the carrying value of the Viking Legend exceeded its fair value less costs of disposal. Due to the similarities between the Viking Legend and
Viking Prestige, including that neither vessel is a Longship and the Group has a similar strategy for the vessels, the Group also determined the carrying value of the Viking Prestige exceeded its recoverable amount. Accordingly, the Group recognized
a $13.3 million impairment, which is included in depreciation, amortization and impairment in the consolidated statements of operations for the year ended December 31, 2022. Other than as described above, the Group did not identify any
impairment indicators as of December 31, 2022. The Group did not identify any impairment indicators related to property, plant and equipment and
intangible assets as of December 31, 2023. The Group’s conclusions regarding the valuation of its property, plant and equipment and intangible
assets (including goodwill) may change in future periods if factors or circumstances cause the Group to revise its assumptions in future periods, including related to inflation and rising interest rates. The Group’s future cash flows may be
impacted by climate related risks, including environmental changes or more stringent environmental regulations. Such changes may impact accounting estimates in future periods, which incorporate forecasted financial performance. See Note 2. Intangible assets (including goodwill) During the year
ended December 31, 2022, additions to intangible assets of $13.5 million consisted of $9.5 million related to software and $4.0 million related to other intangible assets. Net intangible assets as of F-29 Table of Contents December 31, 2022 included software of $36.0 million, vessel design of $16.6 million, goodwill of $7.8 million and other intangible assets of $5.6 million. During the year ended December 31, 2023, additions to intangible assets of $13.5 million consisted of $13.2 million related to software and
$0.3 million related to other intangible assets. Net intangible assets as of December 31, 2023 included software of $33.4 million, vessel design of $15.5 million, goodwill of $8.0 million and other intangible assets of
$5.2 million. 10. | LEASES Movements in the Group’s ROU assets during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2023 are outlined below: (in USD and thousands) | River Vessels | Buildings | Other | Total
Cost as of January 1, 2022 | $ | — | $ | 75,143 | $ | 20,134 | $ | 95,277
Additions | 225,141 | 6,776 | 6,153 | 238,070
Decreases and disposals | — | (12,570) | (4,172) | (16,742)
Effect of currency translation | — | (99) | (922) | (1,021)
Cost as of December 31, 2022 | $ | 225,141 | $ | 69,250 | $ | 21,193 | $ | 315,584
Accumulated depreciation and impairment as of January 1, 2022 | — | (19,191) | (6,510) | (25,701)
Depreciation and impairment | (3,239) | (6,339) | (7,127) | (16,705)
Depreciation of disposals | — | 14 | 3,329 | 3,343
Effect of currency translation | — | 100 | 401 | 501
Accumulated depreciation and impairment as of December 31, 2022 | $ | (3,239) | $ | (25,416) | $ | (9,907) | $ | (38,562)
Net book value
As of January 1, 2022 | $ | — | $ | 55,952 | $ | 13,624 | $ | 69,576
As of December 31, 2022 | $ | 221,902 | $ | 43,834 | $ | 11,286 | $ | 277,022 (in USD and thousands) | River Vessels | Buildings | Other | Total
Cost as of January 1, 2023 | $ | 225,141 | $ | 69,250 | $ | 21,193 | $ | 315,584
Additions | — | 9,364 | 1,758 | 11,122
Disposals and decreases | — | — | (1,759) | (1,759)
Reclassified to property, plant and equipment and intangible assets | — | — | (7,451) | (7,451)
Reclassified to finance lease receivable | — | (1,535) | — | (1,535)
Effect of currency translation | — | 11 | 241 | 252
Cost as of December 31, 2023 | $ | 225,141 | $ | 77,090 | $ | 13,982 | $ | 316,213
Accumulated depreciation and impairment as of January 1, 2023 | (3,239) | (25,416) | (9,907) | (38,562)
Depreciation and impairment | (8,437) | (6,692) | (3,432) | (18,561)
Depreciation of disposals | — | — | 1,122 | 1,122
Reclassified to property, plant and equipment and intangible assets | — | — | 7,451 | 7,451
Reclassified to finance lease receivable | — | 1,289 | — | 1,289
Effect of currency translation | — | (46) | (72) | (118)
Accumulated depreciation and impairment as of December 31, 2023 | $ | (11,676) | $ | (30,865) | $ | (4,838) | $ | (47,379)
Net book value
As of January 1, 2023 | $ | 221,902 | $ | 43,834 | $ | 11,286 | $ | 277,022
As of December 31, 2023 | $ | 213,465 | $ | 46,225 | $ | 9,144 | $ | 268,834 F-30 Table of Contents During the year ended December 31, 2022, additions of $238.1 million primarily related to the
commencement of the time charters for the Viking Mississippi and Viking Saigon. The ROU assets and lease liabilities related to these charters include the amounts attributable to the use of the vessel asset, while amounts attributable to non-lease components for services are expensed as incurred and included in vessel operating in the consolidated statements of operations. The Viking Mississippi charter agreement commenced in September 2022 and has an initial term of eight years with renewal options to extend the term to a total
of 30 years, which the Group is reasonably certain to exercise. The charter agreement includes a base charter rate for the lease of the vessel asset and also includes expenses for services, such as management fees and vessel operating expenses,
which are subject to change based on actual operating expenses. The Group recognized a $211.3 million ROU asset, which primarily included $173.8 million in lease liabilities related to the Viking Mississippi charter and $37.2 million
in prepaid charter fees. The non-lease components for services are expensed as incurred. Viking Cruises Ltd (“VCL”), a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company, issued a corporate guarantee for all of
the payments under the Viking Mississippi charter agreement. The Viking Saigon charter agreement commenced in May 2022 and has an initial term of eight
years with renewal options to extend the term to a total of 10 years, which the Group is reasonably certain to exercise. The Group recognized a $13.8 million ROU asset and $9.9 million in lease liabilities related to the Viking Saigon
charter. During the year ended December 31, 2023, additions of $11.1 million consisted primarily of $9.4 million related to leases for
office spaces. During the year ended December 31, 2022, decreases and disposals, net of accumulated depreciation, of $13.4 million consisted
primarily of a $11.5 million decrease in ROU assets and lease liabilities, as a result of the Group’s reassessment of lease terms for certain office spaces. The table below presents the Group’s lease liabilities movements during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2023: 2022 | 2023
(in USD and thousands)
As of January 1 | $ | 98,241 | $ | 262,410
Additions | 196,575 | 11,122
Decreases and disposals | (13,120) | (1,280)
Interest expense | 11,792 | 22,533
Payments | (30,120) | (41,722)
Effect of currency translation | (958) | 960
Other | — | (1,397)
As of December 31 | $ | 262,410 | $ | 252,626 The table below presents the carrying amounts of the Group’s short-term and long-term lease liabilities as of
December 31, 2022 and 2023: December 31,
2022 | 2023
(in USD and thousands)
Short-term portion of lease liabilities | $ | 22,991 | $ | 24,670
Long-term portion of lease liabilities | 239,419 | 227,956
Total | $ | 262,410 | $ | 252,626 F-31 Table of Contents Total operating expenses related to short-term leases and leases for low-value assets for the years ended December 31, 2021, 2022 and 2023 were $1.6 million, $1.7 million and $0.9 million, respectively. Operating expenses related to variable lease payments
for the years ended December 31, 2021, 2022 and 2023 were $15.9 million, $17.0 million and $2.1 million, respectively, primarily related to COVID-19 testing labs. The table below summarizes the timing of future cash payments of the Group’s lease liabilities based on contractual undiscounted cash flows as of
December 31, 2022 and 2023: December 31,
2022 | 2023
(in USD and thousands)
3 months or less | $ | 9,311 | $ | 8,398
4 to 12 months | 30,622 | 34,768
1 to 5 years | 167,470 | 161,718
Over 5 years | 291,610 | 249,605
Total | $ | 499,013 | $ | 454,489 The ship and vessel charters also include future cash payments for non-lease components, which are not included in the table above. Payments for non-lease components include expenses for services, such as management fees and vessel operating expenses, of which certain costs are subject
to change based on actual operating expenses. The table above excludes amounts for executed lease agreements not yet commenced as of December 31,
2022 and 2023, for ROU assets of which the Group has not yet obtained control. In 2023, the Group entered into a charter agreement for an 80-berth river vessel, traveling through Vietnam and Cambodia for the 2025 through 2033 sailing seasons. The Group has an option to extend the charter for two additional seasons. The total amount of contractual
payments for the initial term of nine seasons is $24.9 million, which includes payments for both lease and non-lease components. 11. | OTHER NON-CURRENT ASSETS A summary of the Group’s other non-current assets as of December 31, 2022 and 2023 is outlined below: December 31,
2022 | 2023
(in USD and thousands)
Prepaid debt transaction costs | $ | 61,539 | $ | 69,239
Security for letters of credit | 66,345 | 50,019
Other | 9,975 | 17,597
Total | $ | 137,859 | $ | 136,855 Prepaid debt transaction costs are comprised of the non-current portion of the fees
paid in advance of loan and financial liability drawdowns, such as bank fees, commitment fees and export credit guarantee fees. Security for letters of
credit consists primarily of letters of credit required by various travel agencies and tourism regulatory bodies. F-32 Table of Contents 12. | ACCRUED EXPENSES AND OTHER CURRENT LIABILITIES A summary of the Group’s accrued expenses and other current liabilities as of December 31, 2022 and 2023 is outlined below: December 31,
2022 | 2023
(in USD and thousands)
Interest payable | $ | 75,143 | $ | 97,387
Operating costs | 40,793 | 55,880
Product and commission costs | 19,887 | 34,124
Marketing expenses | 29,421 | 30,681
Payroll and employee costs | 26,839 | 25,830
Overhead costs | 18,818 | 23,368
Indirect taxes payable | 14,899 | 18,250
Travel protection cancellation reserve | 24,446 | 9,591
Other | 60,984 | 59,930
Total | $ | 311,230 | $ | 355,041 The changes in accrued expenses and other current liabilities are based on the timing of accruals for goods and services and
payments. 13. | INCOME TAX As the Company is a Bermuda entity, its statutory tax rate is in line with Bermuda’s 0% corporate income tax rate for the years ended December 31,
2021, 2022 and 2023. However, the Group operates worldwide and is subject to income tax in the countries where income is earned. The Group files income tax returns in international jurisdictions, including the U.S. federal jurisdiction and various
U.S. state jurisdictions. The income tax expense relates to foreign local taxes as well as temporary differences between book and tax. The major
components of income tax expense for the years ended December 31, 2021, 2022 and 2023 are as follows: Year Ended December 31,
2021 | 2022 | 2023
(in USD and thousands)
Current income tax:
Current income tax charge | $ | (4,487) | $ | (10,708) | $ | (10,963)
Adjustments in respect of current income tax of previous year | (1,109) | (271) | 3,897
Deferred income tax:
Relating to origination and reversal of temporary differences | 566 | 2,077 | 427
Income tax expense reported in the consolidated statements of operations | $ | (5,030) | $ | (8,902) | $ | (6,639)
Year Ended December 31,
2021 | 2022 | 2023
(in USD and thousands)
Consolidated statements of other comprehensive income (loss)
Tax effect of remeasurement on defined benefit plans | $ | (701) | $ | — | $ | 412
Income tax charged directly to other comprehensive (loss) income | $ | (701) | $ | — | $ | 412 F-33 Table of Contents A reconciliation between the income tax expense and income before tax multiplied by Bermuda’s domestic
tax rate for the years ended December 31, 2021, 2022 and 2023 is as follows: Year Ended December 31,
2021 | 2022 | 2023
(in USD and thousands)
(Loss) income before income taxes | $ | (2,107,212) | $ | 407,420 | $ | (1,851,962)
At statutory income tax rate of 0% | — | — | —
Effects of higher tax rates in local jurisdictions | (5,030) | (8,902) | (6,639)
Income tax expense reported in the consolidated statements of operations | $ | (5,030) | $ | (8,902) | $ | (6,639) Deferred Income Tax Deferred income tax relates to the following: Consolidated statements of financial position | Consolidated statements of operations, consolidated statements of other comprehensive income (loss) and consolidated statements of changes in shareholders’ equity
December 31, | Year Ended December 31,
2022 | 2023 | 2021 | 2022 | 2023
(in USD and thousands)
Property, plant and equipment and intangible assets | $ | (2,340) | $ | (3,066) | $ | 1,631 | $ | 2,981 | $ | (726)
Prepaid credit card fees and commissions | (11,491) | (14,001) | (5,049) | (1,792) | (2,510)
Stock based compensation | 13,835 | 44,916 | 11,453 | (4,766) | 31,081
Net operating losses available for offset against future taxable income | 1,363 | 1,993 | 1,128 | (1,711) | 630
Leases | 6,769 | 7,769 | 170 | 195 | 1,000
Other | 2,833 | 1,160 | (807) | (373) | (1,673)
Deferred income tax | $ | 8,526 | $ | (5,466) | $ | 27,802
Net deferred tax asset | $ | 10,969 | $ | 38,771
Deferred tax asset | $ | 16,232 | $ | 42,853
Deferred tax liability | (5,263) | (4,082)
Deferred tax asset, net | $ | 10,969 | $ | 38,771
Reconciliation of deferred tax asset, net
2022 | 2023
As of January 1 | $ | 16,435 | $ | 10,969
Change in deferred taxes during the period recognized in the consolidated statements of operations | 2,077 | 427
Change in deferred taxes during the period recognized in the consolidated statements of other comprehensive income (loss) | — | 412
Change in deferred taxes during the period recognized in the consolidated statements of changes in shareholders’ equity | (7,543) | 26,963
As of December 31 | $ | 10,969 | $ | 38,771 F-34 Table of Contents As of December 31, 2022 and 2023, the Group had $13.4 million and $21.4 million,
respectively, in unused tax losses for which no deferred tax assets were recognized in the consolidated statements of financial position, for all jurisdictions other than Bermuda. Of the $21.4 million unused tax losses as of December 31,
2023, $3.6 million will begin to expire in 2030 and $17.8 million do not expire. As of December 31, 2022 and 2023, the Group had $25.6 million and $20.4 million, respectively, in deductible temporary differences for which no
deferred tax asset was recognized in the consolidated statements of financial position. In December 2023, Bermuda enacted the Corporate Income Tax Act
2023 (the “CIT Act”), which applies to Bermuda entities that are part of multinational enterprise groups with annual revenues of €750 million or more, effective beginning on January 1, 2025. The CIT Act imposes a new
corporate income tax rate of 15%. As part of the transition into the CIT Act, companies can elect to calculate an opening tax loss carryforward based on cumulative losses for 2020 to 2024, which can be used to offset taxable income beginning in
2025. Additionally, income arising from international shipping is exempted from the scope of the CIT Act to the extent certain requirements relating to strategic or commercial management in Bermuda are satisfied. The Group expects that the tax
imposed under the CIT Act will be applicable to the Group and that its income arising from international shipping will be exempt from such tax in Bermuda. As of December 31, 2023, the Group had $149.4 million in cumulative unused tax
losses for 2020 to 2023 in Bermuda related to non-exempt income for which no deferred tax assets were recognized in the consolidated statements of financial position. Tax losses in Bermuda do not expire. The Group generates a portion of its cruise income from its international ocean and expedition cruises from sources within the U.S. Under Section 883
(“Section 883”) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the “Code”), certain foreign corporations are exempt from U.S. federal income or branch profits tax on U.S. source income derived from or incidental to
the international operation of vessels or ships. Section 883 does not exempt U.S. source income derived from a U.S. domestic trade or business. The Group has assessed that it qualifies for the benefits of Section 883. However,
qualification for Section 883 depends upon various factors, including a specified percentage of the Group’s shares being owned, directly or indirectly, by shareholders who meet certain requirements, and can be challenged or could change in
the future. Provisions of the Code, including Section 883, are subject to change at any time, and changes could occur in the future with respect to the identity, residence or holdings of the Group’s direct or indirect shareholders, which
could impact the Group’s ability to qualify for the benefits of Section 883. In December 2021, the Organization for Economic Cooperation and
Development (“OECD”) issued model rules for the implementation of a 15% global minimum tax (“Pillar Two”). The Group is within the scope of the OECD Pillar Two model rules, however each country must enact local tax legislation to
adopt the model rules. The current OECD guidelines exclude international shipping income from the scope of the global minimum tax to the extent certain requirements relating to strategic or commercial management are satisfied. Though the majority of
the Group’s income is derived from international shipping, the Group continues to analyze the impact of the Pillar Two rules, which are inherently complex, not yet finalized in all jurisdictions and require multiple tax authorities to align on
rules and interpretations. The primary factors that may change the Group’s final assessment of Pillar Two are the effect of the international shipping exemption, application of the CIT Act, and interpretations by various tax authorities of
Pillar Two and corporate tax laws applied in other jurisdictions. The Group regularly assesses its income tax provisions for uncertain tax positions,
based solely on their technical merits, when it is not more likely than not to be sustained upon examination by the relevant tax authority. Based on all known facts and circumstances and current tax law, the total amount of the Group’s
uncertain income tax position liabilities and related accrued interest are not significant to the Group’s financial position. F-35 Table of Contents 14. | LOANS AND FINANCIAL LIABILITIES A summary of the Group’s loans and financial liabilities recorded at amortized cost as of December 31, 2022 and 2023 is outlined below: Loans and financial liabilities December 31,
2022 | 2023
Loans and Financial Liabilities | Vessels and Ships Financed and Mortgaged | (in USD and thousands)
€54.2 million loan, variable base rate plus 2.2%—2.4%, due 2025 | Viking Legend refinancing, Viking Baldur, Viking Magni | $ | 35,201 | $ | 21,740
€236.1 million loan, fixed at 4.73% or variable at SOFR plus CAS and 2.0%, due through 2024 | Viking Hermod, Viking Buri, Viking Heimdal, Viking Delling, Viking Lif | 25,237 | 12,619
€20.3 million loan, variable base rate plus 2.4%, due 2026 | Viking Kvasir | 16,356 | 14,414
€288.9 million loan, fixed at 4.73% or variable at SOFR plus CAS and 2.0%, due through 2025 | Viking Hlin, Viking Kara, Viking Mani, Viking Eir, Viking Lofn, Viking Vidar, Viking Skirnir, Viking Modi, Viking Gefjon, Viking Ve, Viking Mimir, Viking Vili | 89,257 | 35,368
€225.8 million loan, fixed at 4.73% or variable at SOFR plus CAS and 2.0%, due through 2027 | Viking Alruna, Viking Egil, Viking Kadlin, Viking Rolf, Viking Tialfi, Viking Vilhjalm, Viking Herja, Viking Hild, Viking Sigrun, Viking Einar | 131,384 | 83,017
$53.5 million loan, fixed at 5.12%, due 2025 | Viking Idi refinancing, Viking Astrild, Viking Beyla | 22,412 | 18,398
$40.0 million loan, fixed at 5.43%, due 2027 | Viking Hemming, Viking Osfrid and Viking Torgil refinancing | 25,000 | 20,000
$102.0 million loan, fixed at 5.22%—5.26%, due 2028 | Viking Vali, Viking Tir, Viking Ullur, Viking Sigyn | 75,303 | 63,531
$15.1 million loan, variable base rate plus 2.35%, due 2029 | Viking Helgrim | 12,638 | 11,029
€153.2 million loan, variable at SOFR plus CAS and 1.30%—1.40%, due through 2029 | Viking Hervor, Viking Gersemi, Viking Kari, Viking Radgrid, Viking Skaga, Viking Fjorgyn | 158,774 | 129,222
€53.6 million loan, variable at SOFR plus CAS and 1.30%—1.40%, due through 2029 | Viking Gymir, Viking Egdir | 59,085 | 50,109
$291.2 million financial liability, due 2030 | Viking Orion | 237,324 | 223,896
$290.2 million financial liability, due 2031 | Viking Jupiter | 247,748 | 234,840
$255.7 million financial liability, variable at SOFR plus CAS and 3.0%, due 2033 | Viking Octantis | 242,931 | 230,145
$299.5 million financial liability, due 2034 | Viking Mars | 294,219 | 283,312
€316.6 million loan, fixed at 1.81%, due 2034 | Viking Neptune | 339,056 | 320,367
€316.6 million loan, fixed at 1.87%, due 2035 | Viking Saturn | — | 334,930
€6.2 million loan, fixed at 0.3%, due 2026 | 4,989 | 3,777
20.0 million CHF loan, fixed at 1.5%—2.0%, due 2027 | 18,040 | 15,847
Gross bank loans and financial liabilities | $ | 2,034,954 | $ | 2,106,561
Less: Unamortized loan and financial liability fees | (72,062) | (96,169)
Total bank loans and financial liabilities | $ | 1,962,892 | $ | 2,010,392
Less: Short-term portion of bank loans and financial liabilities | (251,561) | (253,020)
Long-term portion of bank loans and financial liabilities | $ | 1,711,331 | $ | 1,757,372 F-36 Table of Contents London Interbank Offered Rates Transition Certain of the Group’s variable interest rate borrowings used USD London Interbank Offered Rates (“LIBOR”) through June 30, 2023. After
June 30, 2023, LIBOR was no longer published. The Alternative Reference Rate Committee, a committee convened by the Federal Reserve, identified the
Secured Overnight Financing Rate (“SOFR”), a new index calculated by short-term repurchase agreements that is backed by United States Treasury securities, as its preferred alternative rate for LIBOR. As discussed below, the terms of the
Group’s borrowings which had previously used LIBOR were amended to adopt the use of SOFR. These borrowings began using Term SOFR at the first interest rate adjustment date subsequent to June 30, 2023. In connection with the transition from LIBOR to Term SOFR, the Group applied the practical expedient permitted by IFRS 9 Financial Instruments (“IFRS
9”), as issued by the IASB in 2020 and effective January 1, 2021. Term SOFR is expected to be largely equivalent on an economic basis to LIBOR, which allows for use of the practical expedient under IFRS 9. The practical expedient enables a
company to account for a change in the contractual cash flows that are required by the reform by updating the effective interest rate to reflect the change in the benchmark rate, rather than treating the change as a termination of old debt replaced
with new debt. The transition did not result in a significant change to the Group’s financial statements, its interest rate risk management strategy or its interest rate risk. River vessel financing Hermes Financing Euler Hermes Aktiengesellschaft (“Hermes”) manages the official export credit guarantee scheme on behalf and for the account of the German Federal
Government. Subsidiaries of the Group have loan agreements for which Hermes has provided guarantees equal to 95% of the loan amounts (the “Hermes Financing”). The Hermes Financing includes the €236.1 million loan, the
€288.9 million loan, the €225.8 million loan, the €153.2 million loan and the €53.6 million loan. All loans that are part of the Hermes Financing are denominated in euros (“EUR” or
“€”) at drawdown dates and are converted to USD based on the prevailing exchange rates on the dates of drawdown and have a term of eight and a half years from the drawdown dates with semi-annual payments. The Group selected fixed or
variable rate financing for each of the drawdowns. Viking River Cruises Ltd (“VRC”), a subsidiary of the Group, has also issued a corporate guarantee for the obligations related to these loans. The Hermes Financing contains customary
insurance and loan to value requirements and negative covenants subject to a number of important exceptions and qualifications, including, without limitation, covenants restricting indebtedness, liens, investments, mergers, affiliate transactions,
asset sales, prepayment of indebtedness, dividends and other distributions. In 2020 and 2021, the Group amended the Hermes Financing to defer principal
payments due from April 2020 to March 2022 (the “deferral period”). Under the amended terms of the agreements, at each date within the deferral period that a principal payment was due, the Group made the principal payments with drawdowns
of new tranches on the existing loans (“deferred tranches”). The deferred tranches have variable interest rates and are to be repaid semi-annually over a three to five year term beginning after the end of the deferral period, or can be
repaid earlier. In connection with the amendments to these loan agreements, VCL became an additional guarantor of the loans while the deferred tranches are outstanding. The Hermes Financing also has financial maintenance covenants that require VRC, as guarantor, and Viking River Cruises AG (“VRC AG”), as borrower,
to maintain at all times following the first drawdown, an aggregate amount of consolidated free liquidity equal to or greater than $75.0 million. As defined by the loan, consolidated free liquidity includes cash and cash equivalents, marketable
securities and receivables from credit card processors. As of December 31, 2023, VRC and VRC AG were in compliance with these financial maintenance covenants. F-37 Table of Contents In 2023, the Group amended its outstanding loan agreements related to the Hermes Financing. Beginning with
the first interest rate adjustment for each variable rate loan subsequent to June 30, 2023, the variable rate is based on Term SOFR plus the Credit Adjustment Spread (“CAS”) and a margin. Term SOFR is administered by CME Group
Benchmark Administration Limited. The relevant CAS was published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association on March 5, 2021. The margin is determined by the lender, consistent with periods where LIBOR was published. €54.2 Million Loan In January 2013, the Group
entered into a loan agreement for €54.2 million to finance the Viking Baldur and Viking Magni and to refinance the Viking Legend. The €54.2 million loan was converted to USD based on the prevailing exchange rates two days prior
to the dates of drawdown and has a term of 10 years from drawdown dates with monthly payments and a balloon payment due upon maturity of the loan. The loan has variable rate financing. The loan also includes customary insurance requirements. VRC
issued a corporate guarantee for this arrangement. In 2020 and 2021, the Group deferred principal payments for the €54.2 million loan for
principal payments due from April 2020 through March 2022 and extended the maturity date of the loan by a total of 25 months. In November 2023, in
connection with the planned sale of the Viking Legend at the end of its charter, the Group repaid $8.1 million of the €54.2 million loan, which reduced the portion of the loan associated with the Viking Legend to zero. See Note 28 for
events taking place subsequent to December 31, 2023. €20.3 Million Loan In April 2014, the Group entered into a loan agreement for €20.3 million to finance the Viking Kvasir. The €20.3 million loan was converted
to USD based on the prevailing exchange rates two days prior to the date of drawdown, and has a term of 10 years from the drawdown date with monthly payments and a balloon payment due upon maturity of the loan. The loan has variable rate financing.
The loan also includes customary insurance requirements. VRC issued a corporate guarantee for this arrangement. In 2020 and 2021, the Group deferred
principal payments for the €20.3 million loan for principal payments due from April 2020 through March 2022 and extended the maturity date of the loan by a total of two years. $53.5 Million Loan In March 2015, the Group entered into
a loan agreement for $53.5 million to finance the Viking Astrild and the Viking Beyla and to refinance the Viking Idi. The $53.5 million loan has a term of 10 years from drawdown dates with quarterly installments and a balloon payment due
upon maturity of the loan. The loan has fixed rate financing. The loan also includes customary insurance requirements. VRC issued a corporate guarantee for this arrangement. $40.0 Million Loan In December 2017, the Group entered
into a loan agreement for $40.0 million to refinance three vessels operating in Portugal, the Viking Hemming, Viking Osfrid and Viking Torgil. The $40.0 million loan has a term of eight years from drawdown date with quarterly payments. The
loan has fixed rate financing. The loan also includes customary insurance requirements. VCL issued a corporate guarantee for this arrangement. In 2020
and 2021, the Group amended the $40.0 million loan to defer principal payments due from June 2020 through March 2022 and extended the maturity date of the loan by a total of two years. F-38 Table of Contents $102.0 Million Loan In December 2017, the Group entered into a loan agreement for $102.0 million to finance the Viking Vali, Viking Tir, Viking Sigyn and Viking Ullur. The
$102.0 million loan has a term of eight and half years from drawdown date with monthly payments. The loan has fixed rate financing. The loan also includes customary insurance requirements. VRC issued a corporate guarantee for this arrangement. In 2020, the Group amended the $102.0 million loan to defer principal payments due from June 2020 through May 2021. The amendment also increased the
interest rate by 0.25% for June 2020 through December 2022, which increased the fixed interest rates to a range of 5.47% to 5.51%. In 2021, the Group amended the $102.0 million loan to defer principal payments due from June 2021 through May
2022. As a result of the deferrals in 2020 and 2021, the maturity date of the loan was extended by a total of one year and the remaining monthly principal payment amounts increased. $15.1 Million Loan In April 2019, the Group entered into
a loan agreement for $15.1 million to refinance the Viking Helgrim. The $15.1 million loan has a term of 10 years from the drawdown date with monthly payments. The loan has variable rate financing. The loan also includes customary
insurance requirements. VRC issued a corporate guarantee for this arrangement. In 2020 and 2021, the Group deferred principal payments for the
$15.1 million loan for principal payments due from May 2020 through March 2022, which increased all remaining monthly principal payment amounts. These deferrals did not extend the maturity date of the loan. Other loans €6.2 Million Loan In July 2020, the Group entered into a loan agreement for €6.2 million and drew down the full amount, of which 90% is guaranteed by the French
government. The loan has a fixed interest rate and is denominated in EUR. In March 2021, the Group selected a five year repayment term, with quarterly payments from the selection date. 20.0 Million CHF Loan In the third quarter of 2020, the
Group obtained a credit facility for 20.0 million Swiss Francs (“CHF”), of which 85% is guaranteed by the Swiss government, due December 2024, denominated in CHF with semi-annual payments beginning in 2021. In 2021, the Group amended
the credit facility, which extended the due date to 2027 and reduced the amount of each semi-annual payment beginning in the first quarter of 2022. Effective April 1, 2023, the interest rate for the credit facility increased by 1.5%. The credit
facility contains customary requirements including, without limitation, covenants restricting indebtedness. Ocean and Expedition Ship Financing Charter Financing The Group previously entered
into charter agreements to finance the Viking Orion, Viking Jupiter, Viking Octantis and Viking Mars. The charter agreements are accounted for as financial liabilities. The charter rates for the Viking Orion, Viking Jupiter and Viking Mars are
designated as fixed rate charters. The charter rate for the Viking Octantis is designated as a variable rate charter, which was previously based on LIBOR. Beginning in the third quarter of 2023, the variable rate charter for the Viking Octantis
charter is based on SOFR plus the CAS and a margin. The charter periods are 144 months beginning from the delivery date of each ship and include a purchase obligation at the end of the charter term, with an option to purchase the ship beginning on
the third F-39 Table of Contents anniversary of the charter commencement date. VCL issued a corporate guarantee for these arrangements. The Group took delivery of the Viking Orion in June 2018, Viking Jupiter in February 2019,
Viking Octantis in December 2021 and Viking Mars in May 2022. SACE Financing SACE SpA (“SACE”), which manages the official export credit guarantee scheme on behalf and for account of the Italian Government, provides an
insurance policy to the lenders covering 100% of the principal and interest of a facility amount. Eight subsidiaries of the Group each have a loan agreement for which SACE has provided an insurance policy to the lenders covering 100% of the
principal and interest of the facility amount (the “SACE Financing”). Each loan will be drawn down upon delivery of the related ocean ship. As of December 31, 2023, the outstanding SACE Financing includes the €316.6 million
Neptune loan and the €316.6 million Saturn loan. All loans that are part of the SACE Financing are for up to 80% of the newbuild’s contract price, including certain change orders, plus 100% of the Export Credit Agency premium
(the “Facility”). The interest rate for each of these loans is fixed and the loans have a term of 12 years from the drawdown date with semi-annual payments, the first of which is due six months after the drawdown at delivery. VCL and
Viking Ocean Cruises II Ltd (“VOC II”), a subsidiary of the Group, have jointly and severally guaranteed each of these loans. For the €316.6 million Neptune and the €316.6 million Saturn loans, the Group exercised the
euro option. Unless the euro option is exercised for the Viking Vela and Viking Vesta, these SACE supported loans are denominated in USD and the total amount of the loans is determined based on the Facility converted to USD within 12 business days
prior to the intended dates of drawdown. For Ship XIII, Ship XIV, Ship XV and Ship XVI, SACE Financing will be available for drawdown in USD. The Group
took delivery of the Viking Neptune in November 2022. Upon delivery of the Viking Saturn in April 2023, the Group drew down €316.6 million
($349.1 million) from the related SACE supported loan. In addition, the Group capitalized loan costs of $41.3 million, which are presented as a reduction of the loan amount. As the principal amount of both the €316.6 million Neptune and the €316.6 million Saturn loans are outstanding in euros, the loan balances
at each period end are translated to USD. For the year ended December 31, 2022, the translation resulted in a currency loss of $20.0 million and an increase to the loan balance of $20.0 million for the €316.6 million Neptune
loan. For the year ended December 31, 2023, the translation resulted in a net currency loss of $9.7 million and a net increase to the loan balances of $9.7 million for the €316.6 million Neptune and the
€316.6 million Saturn loans. The changes on the conversion of these loans were included in currency gain (loss) in the consolidated statements of operations for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2023. Ocean cruise financial liability deposit The Viking
Orion charter agreement requires the Group to maintain a minimum of $6.5 million in a financial liability deposit throughout the charter period, which is included in cash and cash equivalents on the consolidated statements of financial
position. Undrawn borrowing facilities As of
December 31, 2023, the Group had SACE Financing to finance the Viking Vela, Viking Vesta, Ship XIII, Ship XIV, Ship XV and Ship XVI. The Group has also entered into two loan agreements for €167.5 million each to finance eight
Longships and two Longships–Seine scheduled for delivery in 2025 and 2026. These loan agreements will be drawn down on the delivery of each ship or vessel. See Note 24. See Note 28 for events taking place subsequent to December 31, 2023. F-40 Table of Contents Secured Notes December 31,
2022 | 2023
Notes | Collateral | (in USD and thousands)
$675.0 million Secured Notes, fixed 5.000% due 2028 | Viking Star, Viking Sea and Viking Sky | $ | 675,000 | $ | 675,000
$675.0 million Secured Notes, fixed 13.000% due 2025 | Viking Prestige, Viking Odin, Viking Idun, Viking Freya, Viking Njord, Viking Eistla, Viking Bestla, Viking Embla, Viking Aegir, Viking Skadi, Viking Bragi, Viking Tor, Viking Var, Viking Forseti, Viking Rinda, Viking Jarl, Viking Atla, Viking Gullveig, Viking Ingvi, Viking Alsvin and certain intellectual property | 675,000 | —
$350.0 million Secured Notes, fixed 5.625% due 2029 | Viking Venus | 350,000 | 350,000
Gross Secured Notes | $ | 1,700,000 | $ | 1,025,000
Less: Secured Notes fees and discounts | (29,608) | (9,343)
Total Secured Notes | $ | 1,670,392 | $ | 1,015,657 $675.0 Million 2028 Secured Notes In February 2018, VOC Escrow Ltd, a wholly owned subsidiary that was subsequently merged into Viking Ocean Cruises Ltd, issued $675.0 million in principal
amount of its 5.000% Senior Secured Notes due 2028 (the “2028 Secured Notes”) with semi-annual interest payments. The 2028 Secured Notes are guaranteed on a senior unsecured basis by VCL and on a senior secured basis by Viking Ocean
Cruises Ship I Ltd, Viking Ocean Cruises Ship II Ltd and Viking Sea Ltd. The 2028 Secured Notes are secured on a first priority basis by mortgages granted by Viking Ocean Cruises Ship I Ltd, Viking Ocean Cruises Ship II Ltd and Viking Sea Ltd over
the Viking Star, Viking Sky and Viking Sea, respectively, and certain of their other ship related assets. $675.0 Million 2025 Secured Notes In May 2020, VCL issued $675.0 million in principal amount of its 13.000% Senior Secured Notes due 2025 (the “2025 Secured Notes”) with
semi-annual interest payments. The Group used the net proceeds from the 2025 Secured Notes to fund an intercompany loan to VRC AG, which used $74.2 million of the proceeds thereof to repay outstanding debt, accrued interest and fees on certain
outstanding loans for river vessels, as outlined in the table above, and the remainder for general corporate purposes. The 2025 Secured Notes were secured on a first priority basis by certain intellectual property and the intercompany loan made by
VCL to VRC AG, which was secured by certain river vessels as noted in the table above and certain of VRC AG’s other assets related to these river vessels. The 2025 Secured Notes were guaranteed by VCL’s subsidiaries that guarantee the 2025
VCL Notes and the 2027 VCL Notes, as defined below. In July 2023, the Group used the proceeds from the issuance of the 2031 VCL Notes, as defined below,
and cash on hand, to fund the redemption of all outstanding 2025 Secured Notes, thereby fully extinguishing the 2025 Secured Notes. For the year ended December 31, 2023, in connection with the redemption, the Group recognized non-recurring charges in interest expense of $48.0 million, comprised of $32.9 million for the redemption F-41 Table of Contents premium and $15.1 million of unamortized loan fees. For the year ended December 31, 2023, the Group also had a loss of $33.3 million to derecognize the 2025 Secured Notes embedded
derivative, which is included in other financial income (loss) in the consolidated statement of operations. See Note 8. $350.0 Million 2029 Secured
Notes In February 2021, Viking Ocean Cruises Ship VII Ltd (“Ship VII”), a wholly owned subsidiary, issued $350.0 million in principal
amount of its 5.625% Senior Secured Notes due 2029 (the “2029 Secured Notes” and, collectively with the 2028 Secured Notes and the 2025 Secured Notes, the “Secured Notes”) with semi-annual interest payments. The net proceeds from
the 2029 Secured Notes were used to pay the remaining contract price for the Viking Venus. The 2029 Secured Notes are secured on a first priority basis by a mortgage granted by Ship VII over the Viking Venus and certain of its other ship related
assets. The 2029 Secured Notes are guaranteed on a senior unsecured basis by VCL. The indentures governing the Secured Notes contain customary negative
covenants applicable to VCL and its restricted subsidiaries, subject to a number of important exceptions and qualifications, including, without limitation, covenants restricting indebtedness, liens, investments, mergers, affiliate transactions,
asset sales, prepayment of indebtedness and dividends and other distributions. In addition, the indentures governing the Secured Notes contain a cross-default provision whereby the failure by VCL or any of its restricted subsidiaries to make
principal payments under other borrowing arrangements or the occurrence of certain events affecting those other borrowing arrangements could trigger an obligation to repay the Secured Notes. Pursuant to the indentures governing the Secured Notes,
the issuers or the guarantors also entered into security documents containing customary insurance requirements. The Secured Notes do not contain any
financial maintenance covenants. Unsecured Notes December 31,
2022 | 2023
Notes | Purpose | (in USD and thousands)
$250.0 million VCL Notes, fixed 6.250% due 2025 | General corporate purposes, including without limitation working capital, capital expenditures, repayment of outstanding indebtedness and the acquisition of river vessels or ocean ships | $ | 250,000 | $ | 250,000
$825.0 million VCL Notes, fixed 5.875% due 2027 | To fund the tender offer and redemption of the 2022 VCL Notes and general corporate purposes | 825,000 | 825,000
$500.0 million VCL Notes, fixed 7.000% due 2029 | General corporate purposes | 500,000 | 500,000
$720.0 million VCL Notes, fixed 9.125% due 2031 | To fund the redemption of the 2025 Secured Notes | — | 720,000
Gross Unsecured Notes | $ | 1,575,000 | $ | 2,295,000
Less: Unsecured Notes fees and discounts, net of premiums | (19,143) | (24,754)
Total Unsecured Notes | $ | 1,555,857 | $ | 2,270,246 F-42 Table of Contents $250.0 Million 2025 VCL Notes In May 2015, VCL issued $250.0 million in principal of the 6.250% Senior Notes due 2025 (the “2025 VCL Notes”) with semi-annual interest
payments. Certain of the Group’s subsidiaries jointly and severally guarantee the 2025 VCL Notes on a senior basis. $825.0 Million 2027 VCL Notes In September 2017, VCL issued $550.0 million in principal of the 5.875% Senior Notes due 2027 (the “2027 VCL Notes”) with semi-annual
interest payments. In February 2018, VCL issued $275.0 million in principal amount of additional 2027 VCL Notes. The 2027 VCL Notes are guaranteed by the same subsidiaries that guarantee the 2025 VCL Notes. $500.0 Million 2029 VCL Notes In 2021, VCL issued
$500.0 million in principal amount of its 7.000% Senior Notes due 2029 (the “2029 VCL Notes”) with semi-annual interest payments. The 2029 VCL Notes are guaranteed by VCL’s subsidiaries that guarantee the 2025 VCL Notes and the
2027 VCL Notes, except for Viking Catering AG. $720.0 Million 2031 VCL Notes In June 2023, VCL issued $720.0 million in principal amount of its 9.125% Senior Notes due 2031 (the “2031 VCL Notes” and, together with the
2025 VCL Notes, the 2027 VCL Notes and the 2029 VCL Notes, the “Unsecured Notes”) with semi-annual interest payments. As described above, the net proceeds from the 2031 VCL Notes, together with cash on hand, were used to fund the
redemption of the 2025 Secured Notes, including all premiums, accrued and unpaid interest and costs and expenses related to the redemption, and the satisfaction and discharge of the indenture governing the 2025 Secured Notes and related fees and
expenses. The 2031 VCL Notes are guaranteed by VCL’s subsidiaries that guarantee the 2025 VCL Notes and the 2027 VCL Notes, except for Viking Catering AG and Passenger Fleet LLC. The Group capitalized debt transaction costs related to the 2031 VCL Notes totaling $10.0 million, which are presented as a reduction to the loan amount. The indentures governing the Unsecured Notes contain customary negative covenants applicable to VCL and its restricted subsidiaries, subject to a number
of important exceptions and qualifications, including, without limitation, covenants restricting indebtedness, liens, investments, mergers, affiliate transactions, asset sales, prepayment of indebtedness and dividends and other distributions. In
addition, the indentures governing the Unsecured Notes contain a cross-default provision whereby the failure by VCL or any of its restricted subsidiaries to make principal payments under other borrowing arrangements or the occurrence of certain
events affecting those other borrowing arrangements could trigger an obligation to repay the Unsecured Notes. The Unsecured Notes do not contain any
financial maintenance covenants. The indentures governing the Secured Notes and Unsecured Notes include covenants that generally restrict the amount of
funds that can be transferred from VCL and its restricted subsidiaries to the Company to a basket, which is calculated based on a cumulative earnings metric. As of December 31, 2022 and 2023, essentially all of the net assets of the
subsidiaries of the Company, but excluding the Company itself, were restricted. F-43 Table of Contents 15. | OTHER NON-CURRENT LIABILITIES A summary of the Group’s other non-current liabilities as of December 31, 2022 and 2023 is outlined below: December 31,
2022 | 2023
(in USD and thousands)
Warrant liability | $ | 26,597 | $ | 134,270
Travel protection payable | 13,080 | 31,701
Other | 10,003 | 5,310
Total | $ | 49,680 | $ | 171,281 The warrant liability relates to the fair value of warrants for Ordinary Shares issued to VCAP. See Note 19. The fair value of
the warrant liability increased from December 31, 2022 to December 31, 2023 as a result of an increase in the Ordinary Share price of the Company. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2023, the Company recognized a gain of
$40.6 million and a loss of $107.7 million, respectively, on remeasurement of the warrant liability. Travel protection payable relates to the non-current portion of amounts payable to the insurance company that underwrites certain parts of the Group’s travel protection. 16. | BENEFIT PLANS Defined benefit plans The Group’s obligations under
the collective pension funds in Switzerland include obligations for current and future payments for both its employees in Switzerland and their dependents in the event of old age, disability or death. The retirement age under the plans is 64 years
for women and 65 years for men, and beneficiaries of the plans can choose between annuity payments or a lump sum payment. The outflow of funds due to
pension payments and other obligations can be reliably estimated. Contributions to the pension funds are equally made by the participants and the employer on a regular basis based on age as specified under the BVG. Individual retirement savings
accounts are maintained for each beneficiary, to which contributions of the employer and employees and accrued interest are credited. All pension assets are held by the collective pension funds and the Group does not have involvement in how the
Group’s assets are invested or allocated within the collective funds. The Group does not make use of any assets held by the pension plans. A summary
of the Group’s defined benefit obligations, plan assets and asset ceiling as of December 31, 2022 and 2023 is outlined below: December 31,
2022 | 2023
(in USD and thousands)
Present value of pension obligations | $ | 36,397 | $ | 49,884
Plan assets | (36,642) | (48,981)
Asset ceiling | 367 | —
Net book value of pension obligations | $ | 122 | $ | 903 The net book value of pension obligations is included within other non-current liabilities on the consolidated statements of financial position as of December 31, 2022 and 2023. See Note 15. F-44 Table of Contents A summary of the changes in plan assets, defined benefit obligations and asset ceiling is outlined below: Plan assets December 31,
2022 | 2023
(in USD and thousands)
Balance as of January 1 | $ | 40,491 | $ | 36,642
Interest income | 131 | 865
Return on plan assets | (4,136) | (1,312)
Contributions by participants and employer | 8,232 | 9,472
Other (1) | (4,059) | 4,754
Benefits paid | (3,401) | (5,619)
Translation differences | (616) | 4,179
Balance as of December 31 | $ | 36,642 | $ | 48,981 Defined benefit obligations December 31,
2022 | 2023
(in USD and thousands)
Balance as of January 1 | $ | 41,634 | $ | 36,397
Service costs | 3,214 | 2,452
Interest expense | 131 | 826
Contributions by participants | 4,069 | 4,662
Actuarial (gains) losses | (4,504) | 2,227
Other (1) | (4,059) | 4,754
Benefits paid | (3,401) | (5,619)
Translation differences | (687) | 4,185
Balance as of December 31 | $ | 36,397 | $ | 49,884 (1) | These amounts relate to the plan assets and defined benefit obligations of employees with seasonal contracts who do not have active contracts with the Group as of December 31 of the respective period. Asset ceiling December 31,
2022 | 2023
(in USD and thousands)
Balance as of January 1 | $ | — | $ | 367
Asset ceiling effect excluding interest expense and foreign currency translation | 356 | (377)
Foreign currency translation | 11 | 10
Balance as of December 31 | $ | 367 | $ | — F-45 Table of Contents Reconciliation of net pension liability December 31,
2022 | 2023
(in USD and thousands)
Net pension liability as of January 1 | $ | 1,143 | $ | 122
Pension expenses recognized in the consolidated statements of operations | 3,214 | 2,413
Amounts recognized in the consolidated statements of other comprehensive income (loss) | (1) | 3,162
Contributions by employer | (4,163) | (4,810)
Translation differences | (71) | 16
Net pension liability as of December 31 | $ | 122 | $ | 903 A summary of the amounts included in the Group’s consolidated statements of operations and consolidated statements of
other comprehensive income (loss) for the years ended December 31, 2021, 2022 and 2023 is outlined below: Year Ended December 31,
2021 | 2022 | 2023
(in USD and thousands)
Service costs | $ | 5,050 | $ | 3,214 | $ | 2,452
Interest on defined benefit obligation | 3 | — | (39)
Pension expenses recognized in the consolidated statements of operations | $ | 5,053 | $ | 3,214 | $ | 2,413
Actuarial gains (losses) | $ | 3,060 | $ | 4,504 | $ | (2,227)
Return on plan assets | 2,313 | (4,136) | (1,312)
Effect of limiting defined benefit asset (asset ceiling) | — | (367) | 377
Gains (losses) recognized in the consolidated statements of other comprehensive income (loss) | $ | 5,373 | $ | 1 | $ | (3,162) The pension plan assets are managed by the collective pension funds based on the investment strategy approved by the governing
bodies of the respective funds, subject to legal requirements under the BVG. The following breakdown of the pension plan assets by those plan assets that have a quoted market price in an active market and those that do not, was computed by taking
the weighted average of the respective pension fund’s breakdown of total plan assets and the fair value of the Group’s plan assets in each plan compared to its total plan assets: Year Ended December 31, 2021 | Year Ended December 31, 2022 | Year Ended December 31, 2023
Quoted | Not Quoted | Total | Quoted | Not Quoted | Total | Quoted | Not Quoted | Total
Equity securities | 31% | 0% | 31% | 28% | 0% | 28% | 29% | 0% | 29%
Debt securities | 30% | 2% | 32% | 30% | 0% | 30% | 32% | 0% | 32%
Property | 12% | 10% | 22% | 14% | 13% | 27% | 12% | 13% | 25%
Cash and cash equivalents | 2% | 2% | 4% | 2% | 2% | 4% | 2% | 2% | 4%
Other investments | 5% | 6% | 11% | 4% | 7% | 11% | 4% | 6% | 10%
Total | 80% | 20% | 100% | 78% | 22% | 100% | 79% | 21% | 100% F-46 Table of Contents The Group applies the latest available data for demographic assumptions in Switzerland (BVG2020) for
calculating defined benefit obligations. The primary actuarial assumptions for the weighted average rates for the years ended December 31, 2021, 2022 and 2023 is outlined below: Year Ended December 31,
The weighted average rates | 2021 | 2022 | 2023
Discount rate | 0.33% | 2.25% | 1.50%
Salary increase rate | 1.00% | 1.00% | 1.00% The calculation of the defined benefit obligations is most sensitive to changes in the discount rate. As of December 31,
2023, a 0.5% decrease in the discount rate will increase the defined benefit obligations by 4.6%, while a 0.5% increase in the discount rate will decrease the defined benefit obligations by 3.9%. The sensitivity analysis is based on a change in a
significant assumption, keeping all other assumptions constant. The sensitivity analysis may not be representative of an actual change in the defined benefit obligation as it is unlikely that changes in assumptions would occur in isolation from one
another. As of December 31, 2023, the Group expects to contribute $3.6 million during 2024 for the defined benefit plans. The average duration
of the defined benefit obligations as of December 31, 2023 ranges from 8.2 years to 9.2 years. Defined contribution plans The Group sponsors a 401(k) plan for employees in the United States. According to the plan, employees may designate a portion of their pre-tax earnings for contribution to the plan. The Group matched the first $4,000 contributed by an employee, dollar for dollar, for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2022, and matched employee
contributions dollar for dollar, up to 4% of total compensation, for the year ended December 31, 2023. For the years ended December 31, 2021, 2022 and 2023, the Group recognized $1.2 million, $1.6 million and $3.3 million,
respectively, in selling and administration in the consolidated statements of operations, related to the employee contribution match. The Group also offers a group stakeholder pension plan for its employees in the United Kingdom in which the Group
contributes 5% of gross annual salary for all employees to the plan. 17. | VESSEL OPERATING EXPENSES A summary of vessel operating expenses for the years ended December 31, 2021, 2022 and 2023 is outlined below: Year Ended December 31,
2021 | 2022 | 2023
(in USD and thousands)
Employee costs | $ | 160,840 | $ | 298,140 | $ | 354,049
Fuel, port charges and insurance | 111,520 | 255,662 | 347,849
Food, consumables and durables | 50,085 | 156,119 | 220,392
Repair and maintenance | 54,466 | 97,393 | 141,331
VAT expense | 15,438 | 54,699 | 63,959
Charter fees | — | 3,521 | 11,492
Other | 65,963 | 108,625 | 72,604
Total vessel operating expenses | $ | 458,312 | $ | 974,159 | $ | 1,211,676 For the years ended December 31, 2021, 2022 and 2023, the Group received $15.5 million, $4.4 million and
$4.5 million, respectively, in government subsidies related to furloughing staff in certain locations. These subsidies constitute government grants related to income and have been presented as a reduction of the employee costs within vessel
operating in the consolidated statements of operations. F-47 Table of Contents 18. | INTEREST EXPENSE Interest expense for the years ended December 31, 2021, 2022 and 2023 is outlined below: Year Ended December 31,
2021 | 2022 | 2023
(in USD and thousands)
Interest on debts and borrowings | $ | 369,088 | $ | 407,732 | $ | 427,052
Loss on early extinguishment of debt | — | — | 48,114
Amortization of debt and borrowing transaction costs | 21,466 | 34,639 | 38,393
Interest for lease liabilities | 5,330 | 11,792 | 22,533
Modification gains on loans and financial liabilities, net | (13,434) | — | —
Bank fees and other | 2,043 | 2,474 | 2,882
Total interest expense | $ | 384,493 | $ | 456,637 | $ | 538,974 For the year ended December 31, 2021, modification gains on loans and financial liabilities, net primarily related to
changes in the Group’s expectations of whether the Series C Preferential Dividends would be paid in cash or through the Series C PIK, as defined in Note 19. Additionally, for the year ended December 31, 2023, loss on early extinguishment
of debt primarily related to non-recurring charges for the loss on early extinguishment of the 2025 Secured Notes. See Note 14. 19. | SHARE CAPITAL In 2016 and 2017, the Company issued Series A Preference Shares and Series B Preference Shares, respectively. In February 2021, the Company issued Series C
Preference Shares to TPG VII Valhalla Holdings, L.P. (“TPG”) and CPP Investment Board PMI-3 Inc. (“CPP Investments”) (“the Series C Financing”), the existing holders of the Series
A Preference Shares and Series B Preference Shares or their affiliates. In connection with closing the Series C Financing, the Company adopted the Third Amended and Restated Bye-Laws (the “Bye-Laws”), which set forth the rights and preferences of the Series C Preference Shares and the Company’s other classes of stock following the Series C Financing. The key terms of the Series C
Financing and the Bye-Laws are provided below. Share and per share amounts for all share classes have been
revised to give effect to the 26-for-1 share split for all periods presented, including the number of Ordinary Shares issuable upon the exercise of warrants. See Note 2. Series C Financing At closing, the Company issued a
total of 184,267,200 Series C Preference Shares, with an equal number of shares issued to each of TPG and CPP Investments. Of the total Series C Preference Shares issued, 91,000,000 Series C Preference Shares were issued for cash consideration of
$7.69 per share, for total proceeds to the Company of $700.0 million. The remaining 93,267,200 Series C Preference Shares were issued in exchange for the Company’s repurchase for cancellation of all outstanding Series A Preference Shares
and Series B Preference Shares (“Equity Subscribed Shares”). The number of Equity Subscribed Shares was calculated as of the closing date, as follows: (i) the aggregate liquidation preference plus accrued and unpaid dividends, for all
Series A Preference Shares and Series B Preference Shares, divided by (ii) $7.69. The aggregate Series C Liquidation Preference at closing was $1,417.4 million. At closing, the Company also issued two warrants for 8,733,400 Ordinary Shares to VCAP, with each warrant being for 4,366,700 Ordinary Shares and tied to
either TPG’s or CPP Investments’ equity in the Company. The F-48 Table of Contents vesting period of the warrants commenced on the date of issuance and ends at the later of five years or upon the sale of all of TPG’s or CPP Investments’ equity in the Company. The
number of warrants that vest is based on either the proceeds to TPG or CPP Investments upon a sale of their equity in the Company or the trading price of the Company’s equity following an initial public offering. The number of warrants that
vest depends on the value per Ordinary Share, with 0% vesting at $15.38 or lower price per Ordinary Share and 100% vesting at $23.08 or higher price per Ordinary Share, and linear vesting between $15.38 and $23.08 per Ordinary Share. The warrants
have an exercise price of $0.01. Under the terms of the Series C Financing, the Company agreed to repurchase for cancellation an aggregate of 26,000,000
Ordinary Shares and Non-Voting Ordinary Shares from VCAP for $7.69 per share for an aggregate amount of $200.0 million. Of the total 26,000,000 shares repurchased, 7,517,692 were Non-Voting Ordinary Shares and 18,482,308 were Ordinary Shares. Upon closing of the Series C Private Placement, the
Company received cash proceeds and the Series A and Series B Private Placement liabilities and derivatives were extinguished (the “Private Placement refinancing”). Accordingly, the Company derecognized the carrying values of the Series A
and Series B Private Placement liabilities and derivatives. Also upon closing, the Series C Private Placement liability and Series C Private Placement derivative were recognized at their fair values of $1,389.1 million and $755.3 million,
respectively. The Company recognized a $367.2 million loss on Private Placement refinancing, which included: (1) the difference between (a) the fair value of the Series C Private Placement liability and Series C Private Placement
derivative at closing and (b) the aggregate carrying values of Series A and Series B Private Placement liabilities and derivatives, and cash received, and (2) direct transaction costs. The difference between the fair value of the Series C Private Placement liability at closing and the Series C Liquidation Preference was $28.3 million,
which is a financial liability discount presented as a reduction to the financial liability amount on the consolidated statement of financial position. Share capital As of December 31, 2022 and 2023, the
authorized, issued and outstanding share capital was as follows: As of December 31, 2022 | As of December 31, 2023
(in thousands, except per share amounts) | Shares Authorized | Shares Issued | Shares Outstanding | Liquidation Preference Per Share | Shares Authorized | Shares Issued | Shares Outstanding | Liquidation Preference Per Share
Non-Voting Ordinary Shares | 78,000 | — | — | $ | — | 78,000 | — | — | $ | —
Ordinary Shares | 1,040,000 | 94,165 | 94,165 | $ | — | 1,040,000 | 94,165 | 94,165 | $ | —
Special Shares | 156,000 | 127,771 | 127,771 | $ | — | 156,000 | 127,771 | 127,771 | $ | —
Preference Shares | 26,000 | 3,319 | 3,319 | $ | 0.38 | 26,000 | 3,319 | 3,319 | $ | 0.38
Series C Preference Shares | 185,120 | 184,267 | 184,267 | $ | 7.69 | 185,120 | 184,267 | 184,267 | $ | 7.69 In 2021, the Company retired all 15,403,700 Non-Voting Ordinary Shares held as
treasury shares. In connection with the retirement of treasury shares, the Company reduced share capital and share premium by an aggregate of $19.0 million and increased retained losses by $132.2 million. As of December 31, 2022 and
2023, the treasury shares balance was zero. As of December 31, 2022 and 2023, the total issued shares excluding the Series C Preference Shares was
225,255,888, at $0.01 par value per share, for a total of $2.3 million. As described above, the Series C Preference Shares are accounted for as financial liabilities and as a result, their par value is not included in share capital as of
December 31, 2022 and 2023. F-49 Table of Contents Rights and preferences of share capital under the Bye-Laws Dividends In preference to the holders of the
Ordinary Shares, Non-Voting Ordinary Shares, Special Shares and Preference Shares (the “Junior Shares”), the Series C Preference Shares are entitled to receive dividends at a rate per annum of (i)
6.00% of the liquidation preference of the Series C Preference Shares (“Series C Liquidation Preference”) if paid in cash or (ii) 8.00% of the Series C Liquidation Preference if paid by accretion to the Series C Liquidation Preference
(“Series C PIK”) (“Series C Preferential Dividend”). The Series C Preferential Dividend compounds and is payable semi-annually in June and December of each year (each a “Series C Dividend Payment Date”). Because the
Series C Shares are accounted for as financial liabilities, the Series C Preferential Dividend is recognized as interest expense in the consolidated statements of operations. See additional discussion below under the caption Dividend Activity for
activity related to the Series C Preferential Dividend. As long as the Series C Preference Shares remain outstanding, dividends cannot be declared or
paid on the Junior Shares without the approval of the holders of at least a majority of the outstanding Series C Preference Shares unless (1) such dividends are paid on a Series C Dividend Payment Date, (2) the Series C Preferential
Dividend has been paid in full, either by cash or through the Series C PIK and (3) such dividends in the aggregate do not exceed the then applicable dividend cap. The dividend cap was $27.8 million for the June 2021 dividend date,
$22.2 million for the December 2021 dividend date, and increases by 3% for each dividend date thereafter. Dividends paid to the Junior Shares with dividend rights will be paid through issuance of additional shares (“PIK”) unless the
Series C Preferential Dividend is paid in cash. Dividends paid by PIK are paid in the same class of shares to which the PIK relates and are issued based on a price of $7.69 per share. Ordinary Shares and Special Shares are entitled to dividends
proportionately according to the number of shares held. Preference Shares are entitled to a cumulative dividend per year equal to the greater of (1) $0.01 per Preference Share or (2) the dividends paid per year on each Ordinary Share. Non-Voting Ordinary Shares are not entitled to dividends. Voting Series C Preference Shares are entitled to the
number of votes equal to the number of Ordinary Shares into which the Series C Preference Shares can convert. Preference Shares generally do not have
voting rights, but are entitled to one vote per share if at any point the dividends to which Preferences Shares are entitled have not been paid in full for two consecutive years. Once the dividends have been paid in full, the Preference Shares cease
to have voting rights. Ordinary Shares are entitled to one vote per share. Special Shares are entitled to 10 votes per share. Non-Voting Ordinary Shares have no voting rights. Conversion Each Series C Preference Share is convertible, at the holder’s option, to Ordinary Shares equal to (i) the sum of (A) the Series C Liquidation
Preference plus (B) the accrued but unpaid Series C Preferential Dividends, divided by (ii) the then-effective Series C Conversion Price (the “Series C Conversion Rate”). As of the issuance date of the Series C Preference Shares,
December 31, 2022 and 2023, the Series C Conversion Price was $7.69 and the Series C Conversion Rate was 1.00. The Series C Conversion Price is subject to anti-dilution adjustments upon certain events such as stock splits or share combinations.
If a holder of Series C Preference Shares elects to convert their Series C Preference Shares to Ordinary Shares, such holder must convert all Series C Preference Shares. Each Series C Preference Share will automatically convert into Ordinary Shares at the Series C Conversion Rate upon a Conversion Event. The Bye-Laws define a Conversion Event as either of the following: (1) the F-50 Table of Contents consummation of an initial public offering in which the Company sells a number of Ordinary Shares to the public that represents at least 15% of the equity value of the Company, with an initial
public offering price per Ordinary Share at least equal to $11.54 per Share (as adjusted for any recapitalization, split, combination or similar), and the Ordinary Shares are listed on a globally recognized securities exchange, or (2) by the
written consent of holders of at least 75% of the outstanding Series C Preference Shares. Each Preference Share and Non-Voting Ordinary Share automatically converts into an Ordinary Share immediately prior to the listing of the Ordinary Shares on a stock exchange, or upon the transfer or disposal of 51% or more of the
Ordinary Shares or 51% or more of the value of the Company’s assets to an entity that is not an affiliate of the Company. Redemption At any time after the five year anniversary of the closing of the Series C Financing, any holder of Series C Preference Shares has the right to redeem all or a
portion of their outstanding Series C Preference Shares for a cash price equal to the greater of (i) the Series C Liquidation Preference plus any accrued but unpaid Series C Preferential Dividends or (ii) the current market price (as
determined in accordance with the Bye-Laws) of the Ordinary Shares issuable upon conversion of such Series C Preference Shares. Liquidation A liquidation event (“Liquidation
Event”) is: (1) the sale, liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Company or any of its material subsidiaries; (2) any merger, amalgamation, consolidation, reconstruction, business combination or similar transaction involving
the Company or any of its material subsidiaries; or (3) the sale of all or substantially all of the assets of the Company or any of its material subsidiaries, unless the shareholders immediately prior to such transaction continue to own at
least 50% of the surviving or acquiring entity immediately following the completion of such transaction. Upon the occurrence of a Liquidation Event, the
assets of the Company and its subsidiaries available for distribution shall first be applied to paying all accrued and unpaid Series C Preferential Dividends. If the remaining balance of assets available for distribution is less than the aggregate
Series C Liquidation Preferences, then such remaining balance of assets will be distributed pro rata to the holders of the Series C Preference Shares. If the remaining balance of assets available for distribution exceeds the aggregate Series C
Liquidation Preferences, then such remaining balance of assets will be distributed to the holders of the Series C Preference Shares and Junior Shares pro rata according to the numbers of such shares held (on an as converted basis). The holders of
Series C Preference Shares will receive the aggregate Series C Liquidation Preferences prior to any distribution to any other class of stock. Dividend
Activity Dividends declared and paid Under the
Company’s bye laws in effect prior to the Series C Financing, the holders of Series A and Series B Preference Shares were entitled to receive dividends at a rate per annum of 6.00% of the liquidation preference of the Series A and Series B
Preference Shares outstanding, paid semi-annually in cash or by accretion to the Series A and Series B liquidation preference (the “Series A and B Preferential Dividends”). In the second quarter of 2021, the Company’s Board of Directors and shareholders agreed to defer payment of the Series C Preferential Dividend as of
June 30, 2021 (“June 2021 Series C Dividend”) and the dividends to Junior Shares as of June 30, 2021 (“June 2021 Junior Dividend”). The Company agreed to pay the June 2021 Series C Dividend and the June 2021 Junior
Dividend by December 31, 2021, plus accrued interest at a rate of 10% per annum. F-51 Table of Contents For the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company recognized $82.1 million in interest expense
related to the Series C Preferential Dividend and the Series A and B Preferential Dividends. Of the $82.1 million, $4.5 million related to the Series A and B Preferential Dividends from January 1, 2021 to February 8, 2021 and
$77.6 million related to the Series C Preferential Dividend from February 8, 2021 to December 31, 2021, including interest for the deferred dividend. The Series A and B Preferential Dividends represented the accrued and unpaid
dividends related to the Series A and B Shares as of the Series C Financing closing; as described above, the accrued and unpaid dividends were added to the aggregate liquidation preference used to determine the number of Equity Subscribed Shares
issued in connection with the Series C Financing. For the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company declared and paid cash dividends, including the
effect of accrued interest as described above, of $77.6 million to the holders of the Series C Preference Shares and $51.2 million to the holders of Ordinary Shares, Special Shares, and Preference Shares. For each of the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2023, the Company recognized $85.0 million in interest expense related to the Series C
Preferential Dividend, which was also declared and paid in full. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2023, the Company declared and paid $85.0 million related to the Series C Preferential Dividend. For the years ended December 2022
and 2023, the Company paid $46.5 million and $49.3 million, respectively, in dividends related to Ordinary Shares, Special Shares, and Preference Shares. For the year ended December 31, 2023, the Group also declared and paid
$0.3 million in dividends to non-controlling interests. Unpaid Preferential Dividends which had not been
declared were $0.9 million as of both December 31, 2022 and 2023. For the years ended December 31, 2021, 2022 and 2023, dividends declared
and paid per share were as follows: Year Ended December 31,
2021 | 2022 | 2023
(in USD)
Ordinary Shares | $ | 0.23 | $ | 0.21 | $ | 0.22
Special Shares | $ | 0.23 | $ | 0.21 | $ | 0.22
Preference Shares | $ | 0.23 | $ | 0.21 | $ | 0.22
Series C Preference Shares | $ | 0.42 | $ | 0.46 | $ | 0.46 20. | PRIVATE PLACEMENT Private Placement liability A summary of the Group’s
Private Placement liability as of December 31, 2022 and 2023 is outlined below: December 31,
2022 | 2023
Financial Liability | (in USD and thousands)
Series C Private Placement | $ | 1,417,440 | $ | 1,417,440
Less: Financial liability costs | (32,660) | (22,888)
Total Private Placement liability | $ | 1,384,780 | $ | 1,394,552 Private Placement derivative As of December 31, 2022, the fair value of the Series C Private Placement derivative was $633.7 million. The fair value of the Series C Private
Placement derivative decreased primarily due to a decrease in the fair value of equity. The fair value of equity decreased primarily as a result of changes to forecasted future cash flows and F-52 Table of Contents increases in the discount rate due to increases in market interest rates, offset by changes in the forward EUR/USD curve reflecting forecasted strengthening of the USD. For the year ended
December 31, 2022, the Company recognized Private Placement derivative gain of $808.5 million related to the remeasurement of the Series C Private Placement derivative. As of December 31, 2023, the fair value of the Series C Private Placement derivative was $2,640.8 million. The fair value of the Series C Private
Placement derivative increased primarily due to an increase in the fair value of equity. The fair value of equity increased primarily as a result of changes to forecasted future cash flows and decreases in the discount rate and market interest
rates, offset by changes in the forward EUR/USD curve. For the year ended December 31, 2023, the Company recognized Private Placement derivative loss of $2,007.1 million related to the remeasurement of the Series C Private Placement
derivative. 21. | STOCK BASED COMPENSATION The Group maintains the Viking Holdings Ltd 2018 Equity Incentive Plan (the “Equity Plan”). Grants from the Equity Plan entitle the recipient to
stock based awards whose underlying shares are Non-Voting Ordinary Shares of the Company. Share and per share amounts for all outstanding stock options and RSUs have been revised to give effect to the 26-for-1
share split for all periods presented. See Note 2. Under the Equity Plan, the Plan Administrator, which is the Board of Directors or a committee
established by the Board of Directors, has the authority to determine the terms and conditions applicable to each stock based award, such as timing of grants, recipients, size of grants, vesting conditions, vesting schedule and strike price for
stock options. Vested stock options can be exercised upon approval of the Company’s Plan Administrator, termination of service or death. Under the Equity Plan, option holders can pay the strike price for options through cash or check, or
through cashless exercise, upon approval of the Company’s Plan Administrator. As of December 31, 2023, the Company was authorized to issue up
to 46,800,000 Non-Voting Ordinary Shares for stock based awards from the Equity Plan and a prior equity plan combined. As of December 31, 2023, stock based awards for 6,024,564 Non-Voting Ordinary shares remained available for future grant. The Plan Administrator can suspend or terminate the
Equity Plan at any time. Suspension or termination of the Equity Plan does not impair rights and obligations under any stock award granted while the Equity Plan was in effect except with the written consent of the affected participant. Certain stock
based awards have vesting provisions in the event of a change in control or only vest if both a change in control occurs and the employee continues to provide service. The fair value of the Company’s Non-Voting Ordinary Shares is used in calculating the grant date fair value of
stock based awards. As there is no public market for the Company’s Non-Voting Ordinary Shares, the Company’s Board of Directors determined the Non-Voting Ordinary Share fair value by considering several objective and subjective factors, including the price paid by investors for the Company’s preferred stock or other transactions involving the Company’s stock, the Company’s actual and
forecasted operating and financial performance, market conditions and performance of comparable publicly traded companies, developments and milestones within the Group and the rights and preferences of various classes of stock. For the years ended December 31, 2021, 2022 and 2023, the Group recognized stock based compensation expense of $23.9 million, $25.3 million,
and $17.9 million, respectively. For the year ended December 31, 2021, stock based compensation expense included $21.8 million related to RSUs and $2.1 million related to stock options. For the years ended December 31, 2022
and 2023, all stock based compensation expense related to RSUs. Other paid-in equity also includes certain tax effects related to the stock based awards. F-53 Table of Contents Restricted Stock Units For the years ended December 31, 2021, 2022 and 2023, RSU activity was as follows: Number of RSUs | Weighted Average Grant- date Fair Value | Weighted Average Remaining Contractual Term (in years)
Outstanding at January 1, 2021 | 15,403,258 | $ | 6.37 | 6.9
Granted during the year | 886,730 | 10.34
Forfeited during the year | (16,510) | 6.37
Outstanding at December 31, 2021 | 16,273,478 | $ | 6.59 | 6.0
Granted during the year | 1,625,338 | 8.31
Forfeited during the year | (14,716) | 8.35
Outstanding at December 31, 2022 | 17,884,100 | $ | 6.74 | 5.2
Granted during the year | 1,051,544 | 14.74
Forfeited during the year | (64,714) | 8.72
Outstanding at December 31, 2023 | 18,870,930 | $ | 7.18 | 4.3 As of December 31, 2023, 10,011,664 of the RSUs outstanding are subject only to the liquidity condition for vesting, as
any applicable service conditions have been met. An additional 6,240,000 of the RSUs have accelerated vesting upon the satisfaction of the liquidity condition, if the grant recipients remain employed by the Group. Stock options The Black-Scholes model requires various
assumptions, including the fair value of the Company’s Non-Voting Ordinary Shares, expected volatility, expected life, and expected dividend yield. All stock options have exercise prices determined by the
Company’s Board of Directors and are not less than the fair value of the underlying Non-Voting Ordinary Shares on the date of grant. For the years ended December 31, 2021, 2022 and 2023, stock option activity was as follows: Number of Options | Weighted Average Exercise Price | Weighted Average Remaining Contractual Term (in years)
Outstanding at January 1, 2021 | 3,008,824 | $ | 15.64 | 6.2
Forfeited during the year | (12,636) | 19.13
Outstanding at December 31, 2021 | 2,996,188 | $ | 15.63 | 5.2
Forfeited during the year | (10,478) | 19.13
Outstanding at December 31, 2022 | 2,985,710 | $ | 15.62 | 4.2
Forfeited during the year | (35,880) | 19.13
Outstanding at December 31, 2023 | 2,949,830 | $ | 15.57 | (1) | 3.2
Vested at December 31, 2023 (2) | 2,949,830 | $ | 15.57 (1) | Stock options outstanding include a range of exercise prices from $12.50 to $19.13. (2) | Vested stock options are exercisable upon the approval of the Plan Administrator. F-54 Table of Contents 22. | NET (LOSS) INCOME PER SHARE Under both the Bye Laws adopted at the closing of the Series C Financing and the previous bye laws, the rights, including dividend rights, of the Ordinary
Shares and Special Shares are substantially identical, other than voting rights. Basic net (loss) income per share (“Basic EPS”) is computed by
dividing net (loss) income attributable to Ordinary Shares and Special Shares by the weighted-average number of Ordinary Shares and Special Shares outstanding during each period. Net (loss) income attributable to Ordinary Shares and Special Shares
is determined in accordance with their rights to income and losses. See Note 19. Share and per share amounts have been revised to give effect to the 26-for-1 share split for all periods presented. See Note 2. To compute diluted net (loss) income per share (“Diluted EPS”), the Group adjusts the numerator and the denominator of Basic EPS. The Group adjusts
net (loss) income attributable to Ordinary Shares and Special Shares for the changes in net (loss) income that would result from the conversion of dilutive potential ordinary shares to Ordinary Shares, including changes in how the net (loss) income
would be allocated to Ordinary Shares and Special Shares if dilutive potential ordinary shares converted to Ordinary Shares. The Group adjusts the weighted-average number of Ordinary Shares and Special Shares outstanding during each period by the
weighted average number of Ordinary Shares that would be issued upon the conversion of dilutive potential ordinary shares to Ordinary Shares. Potential
ordinary shares include Preference Shares, Series A Preference Shares and Series B Preference Shares prior to their extinguishment, and Series C Preference Shares and the warrants beginning from their date of issuance. Stock based awards issued from the Equity Plan are not potential ordinary shares because the underlying shares of the stock based awards are Non-Voting Ordinary Shares. While Non-Voting Ordinary Shares are considered a class of ordinary shares, because Non-Voting Ordinary
Shares are not entitled to dividends and do not share in the net loss of the Group, they are allocated no earnings or losses when calculating Basic EPS and Diluted EPS. As a result, Basic EPS and Diluted EPS for Non-Voting Ordinary Shares are zero in all periods. F-55 Table of Contents The computation of Basic EPS and Diluted EPS is as follows: (in USD and thousands, except per share data) | Year Ended December 31,
Basic EPS | 2021 | 2022 | 2023
Numerator
Net (loss) income attributable to Viking Holdings Ltd | $ | (2,111,994) | $ | 398,563 | $ | (1,859,077)
Net (loss) income allocated to shares other than Ordinary Shares and Special Shares | (947,116) | 161,969 | (873,423)
Net (loss) income allocated to Ordinary Shares and Special Shares | $ | (1,164,878) | $ | 236,594 | $ | (985,654)
Denominator
Weighted average Ordinary Shares and Special Shares | 225,731 | 221,936 | 221,936
Basic EPS | $ | (5.16) | $ | 1.07 | $ | (4.44)
(in USD and thousands, except per share data) | Year Ended December 31,
Diluted EPS | 2021 | 2022 | 2023
Numerator
Net (loss) income allocated to Ordinary Shares and Special Shares—Basic | $ | (1,164,878) | $ | 236,594 | $ | (985,654)
Dilutive adjustments | — | (714,349) | —
Reallocation of income | — | 164,529 | —
Net loss allocated to Ordinary Shares and Special Shares—Diluted | $ | (1,164,878) | $ | (313,226) | $ | (985,654)
Denominator
Weighted average Ordinary Shares and Special Shares—Basic | 225,731 | 221,936 | 221,936
Dilutive effect of conversion of Series C Preference Shares to Ordinary Shares | — | 184,267 | —
Weighted average Ordinary Shares and Special Shares—Diluted | 225,731 | 406,203 | 221,936
Diluted EPS | $ | (5.16) | $ | (0.77) | $ | (4.44) For the years ended December 31, 2021, 2022 and 2023, weighted average number of potential ordinary shares that were not
included in the Diluted EPS calculations because they would be anti-dilutive were as follows: Year Ended December 31,
(in thousands) | 2021 | 2022 | 2023
Series A Preference Shares | 5,956 | — | —
Series B Preference Shares | 1,693 | — | —
Series C Preference Shares | 165,083 | — | 184,267 The potential ordinary shares related to the conversion of Preference Shares are issuable upon specified contingent events; as
the specified contingent events have not occurred, these contingently issuable shares are not included in the calculation of Diluted EPS for the years ended December 31, 2021, 2022 and 2023. The warrants vest and become exercisable into
ordinary shares upon contingent events; as the specified contingent events have not occurred, these contingently issuable shares are not included in the calculation of Diluted EPS for the years ended December 31, 2021, 2022 and 2023. F-56 Table of Contents 23. | SEGMENTS Operating segments are defined as components of an entity for which separate financial information is available and is evaluated regularly by the chief
operating decision maker (“CODM”) in deciding how to allocate resources and in assessing performance. The Group’s CODM, the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, evaluates the Group’s results in a number of ways, but the primary
basis for allocating resources and assessing performance is based on product. The Group defines its products based on the type of cruise offering and
language of the cruise service. The River segment provides river cruises outside the United States to English-speaking passengers. The Ocean segment provides ocean cruises to English-speaking passengers. Other includes operating segments that are
not individually reportable, consisting of expedition cruises for English-speaking passengers (“Expedition”), Mississippi River cruises for English-speaking passengers, Viking China, which includes cruises for Mandarin-speaking passengers
provided by the Group and the results of the China JV Investment (see Note 27), and also includes corporate activities. The Group typically designates the language of the cruise service by vessel for each cruise season, such that in any individual
season, each vessel provides service in either English or Mandarin for the entire season. See Note 4 for disaggregation of percentage of passengers by source market. The Group’s reportable segments are River and Ocean. The change in the Group’s reportable segments for the year ended December 31, 2023,
compared to December 31, 2022, is the result of increases in occupancy and capacity in River and Ocean, leading to an increased concentration of revenue and operating income for these segments. Accordingly, segment information for the years
ended December 31, 2021 and 2022 has been updated to conform to the current year’s presentation. Operating (loss) income is the primary
profitability metric the CODM uses to assess performance and allocate resources. Expenses attributable to multiple segments are allocated based on measures that are determined to relate most closely to the expenses, which are generally relative
revenues, relative passengers booked, or relative passengers sailed, for a particular period. The Group does not track all of its assets and liabilities
by segment. The Group’s most significant assets are its vessels and ships, which are assigned to a segment. The Group’s vessels and ships are owned by entities domiciled in Bermuda, Switzerland, Portugal, Russia, Egypt and Ukraine and are
registered in Norway, Switzerland, Portugal, Russia, Egypt and Ukraine. The Group’s vessels and ships primarily operate in Europe. Chartered vessels, which are not owned by the Group, operate in the United States, Vietnam and Cambodia. Due to
the nature of the Group’s operations, the vessels and ships do not operate in a fixed location, and the majority operate across country borders, including in international waters. Longship river vessels can be utilized in either River and Viking China, and may change between these products in different years. Ocean and expedition ships
and ocean and expedition ships under construction include ships for both Ocean and Expedition. See Note 9. River vessel charters are recognized as ROU assets. See Note 10. The Group typically finances its vessels and ships with loans or financial liabilities that are secured by the related vessels and ships. See Note 14. F-57 Table of Contents Set forth below are results for the Group’s segments for the years ended December 31, 2021, 2022
and 2023: Year Ended December 31, 2021
(in USD and thousands) | River | Ocean | Other | Total
Total revenue | $ | 339,208 | $ | 250,451 | $ | 35,442 | $ | 625,101
Total cruise operating expenses | (382,579) | (326,206) | (3,496) | (712,281)
Other operating expenses
Selling and administration | (240,322) | (148,705) | (70,035) | (459,062)
Depreciation, amortization and impairment | (125,750) | (74,557) | (4,100) | (204,407)
Gain on sale of Viking Sun | — | 75,588 | — | 75,588
Total other operating expenses | (366,072) | (147,674) | (74,135) | (587,881)
Operating loss | $ | (409,443) | $ | (223,429) | $ | (42,189) | $ | (675,061)
Year Ended December 31, 2022
(in USD and thousands) | River | Ocean | Other | Total
Total revenue | $ | 1,796,498 | $ | 1,189,298 | $ | 190,183 | $ | 3,175,979
Total cruise operating expenses | (1,189,768) | (802,832) | (159,767) | (2,152,367)
Other operating expenses
Selling and administration | (371,251) | (214,927) | (96,632) | (682,810)
Depreciation, amortization and impairment | (159,631) | (a) | (89,911) | (26,971) | (276,513)
Total other operating expenses | (530,882) | (304,838) | (123,603) | (959,323)
Operating income (loss) | $ | 75,848 | $ | 81,628 | $ | (93,187) | $ | 64,289
Year Ended December 31, 2023
(in USD and thousands) | River | Ocean | Other | Total
Total revenue | $ | 2,341,274 | $ | 1,945,200 | $ | 424,019 | $ | 4,710,493
Total cruise operating expenses | (1,446,513) | (1,131,696) | (273,575) | (2,851,784)
Other operating expenses
Selling and administration | (398,791) | (266,547) | (123,702) | (789,040)
Depreciation, amortization and impairment | (106,983) | (106,273) | (38,055) | (251,311)
Total other operating expenses | (505,774) | (372,820) | (161,757) | (1,040,351)
Operating income (loss) | $ | 388,987 | $ | 440,684 | $ | (11,313) | $ | 818,358 (a) | Includes $41.9 million in impairments for river vessels in 2022 related to Russia and Ukraine river vessels, the Viking Prestige and Viking Legend. See Note 9. 24. | COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES Viking newbuilding program River Newbuilds and
Charters The Group is in the process of building six river vessels that will operate in Egypt, the Viking Hathor, Viking Sobek and four additional
vessels, and has entered into raw materials agreements for these vessels. The Group expects these vessels to be delivered between 2024 and 2026. F-58 Table of Contents In 2023, the Group entered into shipbuilding contracts for river vessels outlined below, assuming a euro to
USD exchange rate of 1.10. The Group has obtained financing for all of these vessels, as described below. River Vessels | Number of Vessels | Aggregate Price (in USD and thousands) | Delivery Date
Longships | 4 | $ | 169,400 | 2025
Longship-Seine | 1 | 40,453 | 2025
Longships | 4 | 169,400 | 2026
Longship-Seine | 1 | 40,453 | 2026
Total | 10 | $ | 419,706 In August 2023, the Group entered into two loan agreements for €167.5 million each to finance the eight Longships
and two Longships–Seine scheduled for delivery in 2025 and 2026. Hermes has provided guarantees equal to 95% of the loan amounts. The loans are denominated in USD and the applicable exchange rate will be based on the prevailing exchange rate
two business days prior to the date of drawdown. These loans have a term of 102 months from the date of drawdown and the Group may select fixed or variable rate financing prior to each drawdown. VRC and VCL issued corporate guarantees for these
loans. See Note 28 for events taking place subsequent to December 31, 2023. In 2023, the Group entered into a charter agreement for an 80-berth river vessel, traveling through Vietnam and
Cambodia for the 2025 through 2033 sailing seasons. The Group has an option to extend the charter for two additional seasons. See Note 10. Ocean
Newbuilds A summary of the ocean newbuilding program is outlined below, assuming a euro to USD exchange rate of 1.10. Each new ocean ship will have
998 berths. The Group has obtained financing for all ships, as described below. Ocean Ships | Price (in USD and thousands) | Delivery Date
Viking Vela | $ | 446,050 | 2024
Viking Vesta | 446,050 | 2025
Ship XIII | 501,523 | 2026
Ship XIV | 501,523 | 2027
Ship XV | 517,000 | 2028
Ship XVI | 517,000 | 2028
Total | $ | 2,929,146 In 2021 and 2022, the Group entered into loan agreements to finance the Viking Vela, Viking Vesta, Ship XIII, Ship XIV, Ship
XV and Ship XVI. These loans are SACE Financing and are for up to 80% of each newbuild’s contract price, including certain change orders, and 100% of the Export Credit Agency premium, and will be available for drawdown in euros or USD for the
Viking Vela and Viking Vesta and in USD for Ship XIII, Ship XIV, Ship XV and Ship XVI. The interest rates for the loans are fixed. VCL and VOC II have jointly and severally guaranteed these loans. F-59 Table of Contents In 2023, the Group secured the following options for additional ocean ships: Ocean Ships—Options | Delivery Date | Option Exercise Date
Ship XVII | 2029 | May 30, 2024
Ship XVIII | 2029 | May 30, 2024
Ship XIX | 2030 | May 30, 2025
Ship XX | 2030 | May 30, 2025 See Note 28 for events taking place subsequent to December 31, 2023. Fuel commitments The Group entered into contracts for a
portion of its river fuel usage in Europe for the 2023 and 2024 seasons. As of December 31, 2023, the remaining portions of the contracts for the 2024 season were 1,600 cubic meters. The contract prices are fixed for specified volumes and
periods and depend on the place of delivery ranging from $77.80 to $91.70 per 100 liters excluding taxes. The Group may incur fees for unused fuel amounts in the period of the contract, which may be for non-usage or to roll over unused amounts into the following year. See Note 28 for events taking place subsequent
to December 31, 2023. Contingencies In the
normal course of the Group’s business, various claims and lawsuits have been filed or are pending against the Group. Most of these claims and lawsuits are covered by insurance and, accordingly, the maximum amount of the Group’s liability
is typically limited to its insurance deductible. In addition, new legislation, regulations or treaties, or claims related to interpretations or implementations thereof, could affect the Group’s business. The Group has evaluated its overall exposure with respect to all of its threatened and pending claims and lawsuits and, to the extent required, the Group has
accrued amounts for all estimable probable losses associated with its deemed exposure that are not covered by insurance. The Group intends to vigorously defend its legal position on all claims and lawsuits and, to the extent necessary, seek
recovery. Legal provisions In 2019, one of the
Group’s river vessels, the Viking Sigyn, was involved in a collision with a Hungarian tourist ship on the Danube River in Budapest, Hungary. As a result of this collision, there were fatalities on the Hungarian tourist ship. The Group maintains
protection and indemnity coverage and hull and machinery insurance with respect to the ship. As of December 31, 2023, the Group determined it was probable it would incur amounts for claims related to this incident. Though the ultimate timing,
scope and outcome of legal claims are inherently uncertain, the Group recorded an accrual of $15.8 million as of December 31, 2023, compared to $12.9 million as of December 31, 2022, included in accrued expenses and other current
liabilities on the consolidated statement of financial position as of December 31, 2023, for estimated claims related to this incident. The Group recorded a corresponding receivable of $15.8 million, included in accounts and other
receivables on the consolidated statements of financial position as of December 31, 2023, because the amounts are virtually certain of recovery from the Group’s insurance policies. F-60 Table of Contents 25. | HEDGING INSTRUMENTS The Group is exposed to foreign currency fluctuations, primarily related to changes in USD/EUR exchange rates, related to its operations. In July 2022, the Group entered into forward foreign currency contracts to purchase €235.0 million at an average euro to USD exchange rate of 1.05.
The forward foreign currency contracts matured at various dates in 2023 and were designated as cash flow hedges for the Group’s highly probable forecasted expenditures denominated in euros for direct costs of cruise, land and onboard and vessel
operating expenses in 2023. In September 2023, the Group entered into an additional €470.0 million in forward foreign currency contracts at an
average euro to USD exchange rate of 1.09. The forward foreign currency contracts mature at various dates in 2024 and were designated as cash flow hedges for the Group’s highly probable forecasted expenditures denominated in euros for direct
costs of cruise, land and onboard and vessel operating expenses in 2024. An economic relationship exists between the hedged items and the hedging
instruments as the terms of the forward foreign currency contracts match the terms of the expected highly probable forecast transactions. As of
December 31, 2022 and 2023, the Group held the following forward foreign currency contracts: Maturity
Less than 12 months | Greater than 12 months | Total
(in EUR and thousands)
Forward foreign currency contracts
As of December 31, 2022
Notional amount | € | 235,000 | € | — | € | 235,000
Weighted average forward price (EUR/USD) | 1.05 | — | 1.05
As of December 31, 2023
Notional amount | € | 470,000 | € | — | € | 470,000
Weighted average forward price (EUR/USD) | 1.09 | — | 1.09 The impact of the hedging instruments on the consolidated statements of financial position as of December 31, 2022
and 2023 were as follows : Notional amount | Carrying amount | Financial statement line item | Changes in fair value (gain/(loss)) used for calculating hedge ineffectiveness
(in USD and thousands except notional amount in EUR and thousands)
Forward foreign currency contracts
As of December 31, 2022 | € | 235,000 | $ | 7,589 | Prepaid expenses and other current assets | $ | 7,589
As of December 31, 2023 | € | 470,000 | $ | 9,315 | Prepaid expenses and other current assets | $ | 10,668 F-61 Table of Contents For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2023, the effect of the cash flow hedges in the consolidated
statements of operations and the consolidated statements of other comprehensive income (loss) was as follows: (in USD and thousands) | Amount of total hedging gain/(loss) recognized in the consolidated statement of other comprehensive income (loss) | Amount of gain/ (loss) reclassified from the consolidated statement of other comprehensive income (loss) to the consolidated statement of operations | Consolidated statement of operations line item
Highly probable forecasted expenditures
For the year ended December 31, 2022 | $ | 7,589 | — | —
For the year ended December 31, 2023 | $ | 10,668 | $ | 8,942 | $3,693 Direct costs of cruise, land and onboard $5,249 Vessel operating No hedge ineffectiveness was recognized in the consolidated statements of operations for the years ended December 31,
2022 and 2023. Set out below is a reconciliation of the cash flow hedge component of equity for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2023: Cash flow hedge
(in USD and thousands) | 2022 | 2023
As of January 1 | $ | — | $ | 7,589
Effective portion of changes in fair value arising from:
Forward foreign currency contracts—forecasted expenditures | 7,589 | 10,668
Amount reclassified to the consolidated statement of operations
Maturity of effective hedges | — | (8,942)
As of December 31 | $ | 7,589 | $ | 9,315 The same reconciliation items presented above for components of equity apply to the components of other comprehensive income
(loss) for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2023. 26. | FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS AND RISK MANAGEMENT Risk management overview The Group is exposed to a number
of different financial market risks arising from its normal business activities. Financial market risk is primarily the possibility that fluctuations in currency exchange rates, interest rates and fuel prices will affect the value of the
Group’s assets, liabilities or future cash flow. Foreign Currency Risk The Group is exposed to foreign currency fluctuations, primarily related to changes in USD/EUR exchange rates, related to its ongoing business operations. In
2022 and 2023, the Group entered into forward foreign currency contracts that mature at various dates in 2023 and 2024, respectively, to reduce its exposure to USD/EUR exchange rate fluctuations by hedging certain euro-denominated expenditures for
direct costs of cruise, land and onboard and vessel operating. See Note 25. Based on the Group’s outstanding forward foreign currency contracts as of December 31, 2022 and 2023, a 10% increase or decrease in the value of the USD against
the euro, with all F-62 Table of Contents other variables held constant, would result in a $25.1 million and $51.9 million, respectively, increase or decrease in net change in cash flow hedges in the consolidated statement of
other comprehensive income (loss). As of December 31, 2022 and 2023, the majority of the Group’s cash and cash equivalents were held in USD
denominated accounts. As discussed in Note 14, certain of the Group’s loans are denominated in currencies other than the USD, primarily the loans
associated with financing the Viking Neptune and Viking Saturn are denominated in euros. Based on the Group’s outstanding Viking Neptune loan balance as of December 31, 2022 and Viking Neptune and Viking Saturn loan balances as of
December 31, 2023, a 10% increase or decrease in the value of the USD against the euro, with all other variables held constant, would result in a $33.9 million and $65.5 million, respectively, decrease or increase on the balance of
the bank loans. Interest Rate Risk The Group’s
risk management objective for interest rate risk is to reduce the exposure to variability of cash flows arising from changes in interest rates. Interest rates on the Group’s lease contracts are fixed and thus are not sensitive to fluctuation in
market interest rates. As discussed in Note 14, the Group has both fixed rate and variable rate loans and financial liabilities. The fixed rate loans and the fixed rate financial liabilities are not sensitive to interest rate fluctuations. Certain
of the Group’s variable interest rate borrowings used LIBOR through June 30, 2023. For the river vessel loans, beginning with the first interest rate adjustment for each variable rate loan subsequent to June 30, 2023, the interest
rate is based on Term SOFR plus the CAS and a margin. Additionally, the outstanding Viking Octantis variable rate charter agreement adopted the use of Term SOFR plus the CAS and a margin, beginning September 2023. The transition had no impact on the
Group’s risk management strategy. See Note 14. The following table shows the annual effects of changes to the interest rate (+/- 1%) for the
balances of the Group’s loans outstanding and financial liabilities with variable rates as of December 31, 2022 and 2023. An increase or decrease in the interest rates would result in a decrease or increase, respectively, on the
Group’s (loss) income before income taxes as follows: Increase/decrease in interest rate | Effect on income (loss) before income taxes (USD ‘000)
2022 | +/- 1% | -/+ 7,260
2023 | +/- 1% | -/+ 5,763 If interest rates changed by greater than +/- 1%, the effect on the Group’s income (loss) before income taxes would be
proportionate for each 1% change to amounts shown in table above. Fuel Price Risk From time to time, the Group may use financial instruments to mitigate its exposure to the risk of increases in fuel prices. These contracts were not
designated as hedges for accounting purposes. As of December 31, 2022 and 2023, the Group did not have any financial instruments related to fuel purchases. In order to mitigate risks related to river fuel prices, the Group may also enter into
fixed price fuel contracts for its expected river fuel consumption related to its European sailings. This limits the uncertainty related to fuel prices on the Group’s results. As these contracts are fixed contracts for the Group’s own use,
the contracts are not derivative instruments. See Note 28 for events taking place subsequent to December 31, 2023. F-63 Table of Contents Credit Risk The Group only trades with third parties that it believes are creditworthy. Receivable balances are monitored on an ongoing basis with the result that the
Group’s exposure to bad debts is not significant. The Group’s largest receivables are from highly reputable credit card processors. As the Group constantly monitors these receivables, the risk of non-collection is unlikely. Other non-current assets are comprised primarily of cash deposited with reputable financial institutions as security for letters of credit
and certificates of deposits. The maximum exposure to credit risk at the reporting date is the carrying value of each class of financial assets as
disclosed under “ Fair Value of Financial Assets and Liabilities ”. In connection with the Group’s prepayments for vessel and
shipbuilding and refurbishment projects and prepayments to certain suppliers, the Group has a concentration of prepayments to these vendors. Total prepayments as of December 31, 2022 and 2023 were $230.1 million and $410.0 million,
respectively. Liquidity Risk The Group manages its
risk to a shortage of funds by monitoring the projected cash flows from operations. Risk management includes maintaining sufficient cash balances. The Group generates cash flow through advance bookings and the Group relies on multiple credit card
processors for collection of the customer funds for such future cruises. Changes in booking and collections patterns or additional reserve requirements in the Group’s credit card processing terms could have a material adverse impact on the
Group’s liquidity position. Due to the dynamic and seasonal nature of the underlying business, the Group maintains sufficient cash for its daily operations via short-term cash deposits at banks. The table below summarizes the maturity profile of the Group’s financial liabilities based on contractual undiscounted cash flows (in USD and thousands): As of December 31, 2022 | 3 months or less | 3 months to 1 year | 1 to 2 years | 2 to 5 years | Over 5 years | Total
Interest bearing loans and borrowings | $ | 88,341 | $ | 177,942 | $ | 242,121 | $ | 2,277,134 | $ | 2,524,416 | $ | 5,309,954
Private Placement liability and derivative | — | — | — | 2,051,110 | — | 2,051,110
Interest to be paid | 98,481 | 329,929 | 415,073 | 757,322 | 300,498 | 1,901,303
Accounts payables | 194,893 | — | — | — | — | 194,893
Current payables due to related parties | 627 | — | — | — | — | 627
Accrued expenses and other current liabilities | 150,800 | 85,287 | — | — | — | 236,087
Other non-current liabilities | — | — | 49,680 | — | — | 49,680
Total | $ | 533,142 | $ | 593,158 | $ | 706,874 | $ | 5,085,566 | $ | 2,824,914 | $ | 9,743,654
As of December 31, 2023 | 3 months or less | 3 months to 1 year | 1 to 2 years | 2 to 5 years | Over 5 years | Total
Interest bearing loans and borrowings | $ | 74,941 | $ | 195,947 | $ | 490,586 | $ | 2,033,506 | $ | 2,631,581 | $ | 5,426,561
Private Placement liability and derivative | — | — | — | 4,058,199 | — | 4,058,199
Interest to be paid | 132,999 | 276,882 | 382,834 | 751,157 | 393,575 | 1,937,447
Accounts payables | 244,581 | — | — | — | — | 244,581
Accrued expenses and other current liabilities | 189,073 | 68,581 | — | — | — | 257,654
Other non-current liabilities | — | — | 171,281 | — | — | 171,281
Total | $ | 641,594 | $ | 541,410 | $ | 1,044,701 | $ | 6,842,862 | $ | 3,025,156 | $ | 12,095,723 The table above includes the Private Placement liability and derivative related to the Series C Preference Shares, which may
be settled in cash, or converted at the holder’s option or automatically converted based on the Bye Laws. As of December 31, 2022 and 2023, interest to be paid includes the Series C Preferential Dividend, which may be paid in cash or
Series C PIK. If the Company elects to pay the dividends by Series C PIK, no cash interest will be paid. Additionally, if the Series C Preference Shares are converted, no cash interest will be paid after conversion. F-64 Table of Contents Capital Management The Group’s objective when managing capital (cash and cash equivalents, equity, bank loans and financial liabilities, Unsecured Notes and Secured Notes)
is to balance the cash flow needs of the Group, while ensuring that appropriate capital is deployed in order to support the Group’s product offerings. Consistent with industry practice, the Group utilizes cash collected from advance bookings to
fund operations. The Group may utilize bank loans, financial liabilities and leases to finance its current fleet and future newbuilding programs. Additionally, the Group manages its capital structure and makes adjustments to it in light of changes
in economic conditions. As described in Note 14, the Group’s borrowings contain customary insurance requirements and negative covenants subject to a
number of important exceptions and qualifications, including, without limitation, covenants restricting indebtedness, liens, investments, mergers, affiliate transactions, asset sales, prepayment of indebtedness and dividends and other distributions.
Also described in Note 14, the Hermes Financing also has financial maintenance covenants for VRC and VRC AG. As of December 31, 2023, VRC and VRC AG were in compliance with these financial maintenance covenants. Changes in Liabilities Arising from Financing Activities January 1, 2022 | Principal payments | Proceeds from borrowings | Transaction costs incurred for borrowings | Reclassifications and other | December 31, 2022
(in USD and thousands)
Short-term portion of bank loans and financial liabilities | $ | 211,630 | $ | (227,692) | $ | — | $ | — | $ | 267,623 | $ | 251,561
Long-term portion of bank loans and financial liabilities | 1,322,311 | — | 670,307 | (43,504) | (237,783) | 1,711,331
Secured Notes | 1,662,641 | — | — | — | 7,751 | 1,670,392
Unsecured Notes | 1,552,521 | — | — | — | 3,336 | 1,555,857
Private Placement liability | 1,375,651 | — | — | — | 9,129 | 1,384,780
Short-term portion of lease liabilities | 10,924 | (18,328) | — | — | 30,395 | 22,991
Long-term portion of lease liabilities | 87,317 | — | — | — | 152,102 | 239,419
Total liabilities from financing activities | $ | 6,222,995 | $ | (246,020) | $ | 670,307 | $ | (43,504) | $ | 232,553 | $ | 6,836,331
January 1, 2023 | Principal payments | Proceeds from borrowings | Transaction costs incurred for borrowings | Reclassifications and other | December 31, 2023
(in USD and thousands)
Short-term portion of bank loans and financial liabilities | $ | 251,561 | $ | (288,758) | $ | — | $ | — | $ | 290,217 | $ | 253,020
Long-term portion of bank loans and financial liabilities | 1,711,331 | — | 349,088 | (41,337) | (261,710) | 1,757,372
Secured Notes | 1,670,392 | (675,000) | — | — | 20,265 | 1,015,657
Unsecured Notes | 1,555,857 | — | 720,000 | (9,915) | 4,304 | 2,270,246
Private Placement liability | 1,384,780 | — | — | — | 9,772 | 1,394,552
Short-term portion of lease liabilities | 22,991 | (20,586) | — | — | 22,265 | 24,670
Long-term portion of lease liabilities | 239,419 | — | — | — | (11,463) | 227,956
Total liabilities from financing activities | $ | 6,836,331 | $ | (984,344) | $ | 1,069,088 | $ | (51,252) | $ | 73,650 | $ | 6,943,473 The ‘Reclassifications and other’ column primarily includes the effect of reclassification of long-term portion of
bank loans and financial liabilities to short-term, the amortization of debt issuance costs, foreign currency on loans and changes in lease liabilities other than principal payments. See Note 10 for detail of items included in
‘Reclassifications and other’ related to lease liabilities. F-65 Table of Contents Fair Value of Financial Assets and Liabilities The carrying amounts of the Group’s financial assets and liabilities all approximate the fair values of those assets and liabilities as of
December 31, 2022 and 2023, except for fixed interest bank loans and financial liabilities, secured and unsecured notes, and the Private Placement liability, as outlined below: Carrying amount | Fair value
(in USD and thousands) | December 31, | December 31,
Financial assets | 2022 | 2023 | 2022 | 2023
Other non-current assets | $ | 71,946 | $ | 55,593 | $ | 71,946 | $ | 55,593
Accounts and other receivables and prepaid expenses and other current assets | 79,154 | 117,013 | 79,154 | 117,013
Total financial assets | $ | 151,100 | $ | 172,606 | $ | 151,100 | $ | 172,606
Total current | $ | 79,154 | $ | 117,013 | $ | 79,154 | $ | 117,013
Total non-current | $ | 71,946 | $ | 55,593 | $ | 71,946 | $ | 55,593
Carrying amount | Fair value
(in USD and thousands) | December 31, | December 31,
Financial liabilities | 2022 | 2023 | 2022 | 2023
Bank loans and financial liabilities | $ | 1,962,892 | $ | 2,010,392 | $ | 1,875,549 | $ | 2,009,895
Secured Notes | 1,670,392 | 1,015,657 | 1,574,733 | 990,087
Unsecured Notes | 1,555,857 | 2,270,246 | 1,311,257 | 2,312,358
Private Placement liability | 1,384,780 | 1,394,552 | 1,241,113 | 1,406,649
Private Placement derivative | 633,670 | 2,640,759 | 633,670 | 2,640,759
Warrant liability | 26,597 | 134,270 | 26,597 | 134,270
Other non-current liabilities | 1,263 | 3,410 | 1,263 | 3,410
Total financial liabilities | $ | 7,235,451 | $ | 9,469,286 | $ | 6,664,182 | $ | 9,497,428
Total current | $ | 251,561 | $ | 253,020 | $ | 240,367 | $ | 252,957
Total non-current | $ | 6,983,890 | $ | 9,216,266 | $ | 6,423,815 | $ | 9,244,471 Fair Value Hierarchy The
following hierarchy for inputs used in measuring fair value maximizes the use of observable inputs and minimizes the use of unobservable inputs by requiring that the most observable inputs be used when available: Level 1—Quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities that are accessible at the measurement dates. Level 2—Significant other observable inputs that are used by market participants in pricing the asset or liability based on market data obtained from
independent sources. Level 3—Significant unobservable inputs the Group believes market participants would use in pricing the asset or liability
based on the best information available. For assets and liabilities that are recognized in the consolidated financial statements at fair value on a
recurring basis, the Group determines whether transfers have occurred between levels in the hierarchy by re-assessing categorization (based on the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value
measurement as a whole) at the end of each reporting period. The Group had no transfers between levels in the hierarchy during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2023. F-66 Table of Contents As of December 31, 2022 and 2023, designation within the fair value hierarchy for the Group’s
financial assets and liabilities is outlined below: Carrying amount | Fair value
(in USD and thousands) | December 31, | December 31,
Financial assets | 2022 | 2023 | 2022 | 2023
Level 1
Cash deposits | $ | 90,314 | $ | 74,265 | $ | 90,314 | $ | 74,265
Restricted cash | — | 75,786 | — | 75,786
Other | 945 | 1,863 | 945 | 1,863
Level 2
Finance lease receivables | 11,620 | 11,377 | 11,620 | 11,377
Forward foreign currency contracts | 7,589 | 9,315 | 7,589 | 9,315
Level 3 2025 Secured Notes embedded derivative | 40,632 | — | 40,632 | —
Total financial assets | $ | 151,100 | $ | 172,606 | $ | 151,100 | $ | 172,606
Carrying amount | Fair value
(in USD and thousands) | December 31, | December 31,
Financial liabilities | 2022 | 2023 | 2022 | 2023
Level 2
Bank loans and financial liabilities | $ | 1,962,892 | $ | 2,010,392 | $ | 1,875,549 | $ | 2,009,895
Secured Notes | 1,670,392 | 1,015,657 | 1,574,733 | 990,087
Unsecured Notes | 1,555,857 | 2,270,246 | 1,311,257 | 2,312,358
Level 3
Private Placement liability | 1,384,780 | 1,394,552 | 1,241,113 | 1,406,649
Private Placement derivative | 633,670 | 2,640,759 | 633,670 | 2,640,759
Warrant liability | 26,597 | 134,270 | 26,597 | 134,270
Other | 1,263 | 3,410 | 1,263 | 3,410
Total financial liabilities | $ | 7,235,451 | $ | 9,469,286 | $ | 6,664,182 | $ | 9,497,428 Financial assets and liabilities measured at amortized cost The fair value of the Group’s fixed interest bank loans and financial liabilities were calculated based on estimated rates for the same or similar
instruments with similar terms and remaining maturities. The Unsecured Notes and the Secured Notes use pricing from secondary markets for the Group’s issued notes that are observable for the notes throughout the duration of the term. The Group
designated these financial liabilities as Level 2 fair value instruments as valuation techniques contain observable inputs used by market participants. The Group designated the Private Placement liability as a Level 3 fair value instrument as the valuation technique used is a discounted cash flow
approach based on expected principal and dividend payments associated with the Private Placement liability, the assumptions around which are significant unobservable inputs. The value is sensitive to changes in expected future cash flows and the
discount rates. Financial assets and liabilities measured at fair value Forward foreign currency contracts are designated as Level 2 fair value instruments as the fair values are measured based on inputs that are readily
available in public markets or can be derived from information in publicly quoted markets. The valuation is determined using present value calculations that incorporate inputs such as foreign exchange spot and forward rates and yield curves of the
respective currencies. F-67 Table of Contents The valuation of the Private Placement derivative is based on lattice model methodology, which takes into
consideration enterprise value based on a discounted cash flow model, fair value of debt holdings and various market factors. The value is sensitive to changes in the discounted cash flow model, including changes in expected future cash flows, the
USD/EUR forward curve and the discount rates; changes in the discounted cash flow model result in changes in the ordinary share price. The Private Placement derivative is designated as Level 3 fair value instrument as the fair value is measured
based on significant unobservable inputs, including but not limited to, ordinary share price, which is based on the discounted cash flow model, and ordinary share volatility. The valuation of the warrant liability is based on a lattice model methodology, which takes into consideration ordinary share price and estimated volatility.
The warrant liability is a Level 3 fair value instrument as the fair values are measured based on significant unobservable inputs, including but not limited to, ordinary share price, which is based on the discounted cash flow model, and
ordinary share volatility. The 2025 Secured Notes embedded derivative, which was derecognized in 2023, was designated as a Level 3 fair value
instrument as the fair value is measured based on a Black-Derman-Toy binomial lattice model, which determines the future evolution of the interest rates relevant to the embedded derivative. The fair value was
sensitive to market interest rates, the credit spread, interest rate volatility and time to redemption date. The sensitivity of the fair value to the
Level 3 significant unobservable inputs related to the warrant liability are outlined below: Significant unobservable inputs | Fair value as of December 31, 2022 (in thousands) | Fair value as of December 31, 2023 (in thousands)
Fair Value | $ | 26,597 | $ | 134,270
Sensitivity Analysis
Ordinary share price
+ 5% | $ | 30,118 | $ | 147,157
- 5% | $ | 23,292 | $ | 121,408
Ordinary share volatility
+ 5% | $ | 29,918 | $ | 135,496
- 5% | $ | 23,238 | $ | 133,547 The sensitivity of the fair value to the Level 3 significant unobservable inputs related to the Private Placement
derivative are outlined below: Significant unobservable inputs | Fair value as of December 31, 2022 (in thousands) | Fair value as of December 31, 2023 (in thousands)
Fair Value | $ | 633,670 | $ | 2,640,759
Sensitivity Analysis
Ordinary share price
+ 5% | $ | 694,936 | $ | 2,842,062
- 5% | $ | 561,823 | $ | 2,439,916
Ordinary share volatility
+ 5% | $ | 666,245 | $ | 2,643,261
- 5% | $ | 600,847 | $ | 2,639,454 27. | TRANSACTIONS WITH RELATED PARTIES Key management compensation Key management includes
members of the Company’s senior executives and the Board of Directors. The compensation paid or payable to key management for Board and employee services includes their participation in stock based compensation arrangements. The disclosure
amounts are based on the expense recognized in the consolidated statement of operations in the respective year. F-68 Table of Contents Key management compensation for the years ended December 31, 2021, 2022 and 2023 are as follows: Year Ended December 31,
2021 | 2022 | 2023
(in USD and thousands)
Short term employee benefits | $ | 10,044 | $ | 15,540 | $ | 17,223
Share-based benefits | 17,380 | 17,806 | 10,443
Other | 103 | 96 | 138
Total | $ | 27,527 | $ | 33,442 | $ | 27,804 Transactions with Related Parties As of December 31, 2022 and 2023, current receivables due from related parties were $10.5 million and $12.3 million, respectively. As of December 31, 2022 and 2023, $1.6 million and $0.7 million, respectively, of the current receivables due from related parties were due to
the Group from VCAP and its affiliates for (1) a management fee for certain administrative services provided by the Group, and (2) reimbursement of expenses paid by the Group on behalf of VCAP and its affiliates. The management fees
between the Group and VCAP did not have a material impact on the results of operations for the years ended December 31, 2021, 2022 and 2023. See Note 19 for additional discussion on transactions with VCAP, CPP Investments and TPG. Transactions with China JV Investment In 2020, the Group
entered into an agreement with a subsidiary of China Merchants Group (“CMG”) to together build a cruise line targeting the Chinese-speaking populations in China (“China JV Investment”). The China JV Investment is comprised of two
primary entities, CMV and Shenzhen China Merchants Viking Cruises Tourism Limited (“SCM”). In 2021, the Group and the subsidiary of CMG made the initial capital contributions to these entities. The Group has a 10% interest in CMV, the entity that contracts with passengers, owns and operates the ships and performs related activities. The Group’s
interest in CMV is accounted for as an associate using the equity method of accounting because the Group has significant influence through its representation on the board of directors. For the years ended December 31, 2021, 2022 and 2023, the
Group contributed capital of $18.0 million, nil and $7.0 million, respectively, to CMV. At the time of the capital contribution in 2023, the carrying amount of the Group’s investment in CMV was zero and the Group’s portion of
CMV’s losses that had not yet been recognized were in excess of $7.0 million. Accordingly, the $7.0 million capital contribution was recognized as a loss and included in other financial income (loss) in the consolidated statements of
operations for the year ended December 31, 2023. For the years ended December 31, 2021, 2022 and 2023, the Group recognized total losses of
$7.7 million, $2.4 million and $7.3 million, respectively, for the Group’s share of CMV’s net loss, which is included in other financial income (loss) in the consolidated statements of operations. The carrying amount of the Group’s investment in CMV, which is included in investments in associated companies on the consolidated statements of
financial position, was zero as of December 31, 2022 and 2023. In 2021, the Group sold the Viking Sun ocean ship for $400.0 million to CMV, and
recognized a gain on sale for the difference between the sale price and net book value, reduced by 10%, which represents the Group’s ownership interest in CMV. CMV financed the purchase of the Viking Sun and pursuant to the terms of the F-69 Table of Contents Group’s investment in CMV, VCL guaranteed 10% of CMV’s obligations under the financing, up to a maximum of $45.0 million. The Group provides services to CMV related to the Group’s cruise industry expertise. For the years ended December 31, 2021, 2022 and 2023, the Group
recognized services revenue of $33.5 million, $13.0 million and $23.5 million, respectively, which is included in onboard and other in the consolidated statements of operations. As of December 31, 2022 and 2023, $8.9 million
and $11.6 million, respectively, of the current receivables due from related parties related to CMV. The Group has a 50% interest in SCM, the entity
that provides services for business planning, management consulting, sales, product development, and hotel operations to CMV. The Group controls SCM through its rights to nominate key board and management positions, who have the power to direct the
activities that most directly impact SCM’s returns, and the services provided by SCM, which primarily relate to the Group’s cruise industry expertise. Accordingly, the Group consolidates the results of SCM into the Group’s
consolidated financial statements. The summary information below for SCM is before elimination of inter-company transactions and the effect of non-controlling interest. Year Ended December 31,
(in USD and thousands) | 2021 | 2022 | 2023
Total revenue | $ | 33,612 | $ | 13,025 | $ | 23,633
Total other operating expenses | $ | (34,120) | $ | (13,711) | $ | (23,916)
Net loss | $ | (522) | $ | (698) | $ | (290) 28. | SUBSEQUENT EVENTS Subsequent to December 31, 2023, the Group had the following significant events: • | In January 2024, the Group entered into a shipbuilding contract for a Longship-type vessel modified for the Douro River for delivery in 2025 for $24.8 million, assuming a euro to USD exchange rate of 1.10. • | In January 2024, the Group amended the newbuilding contracts for the eight Longships and two Longships–Seine scheduled for delivery in 2025 and 2026, which reduced the purchase price of each vessel by €1.5 million ($1.7 million, assuming a euro to USD exchange rate of 1.10), changed the timing and amounts of our installment payments to the shipyard and accelerated the delivery dates for certain vessels. • | In January 2024, the Group entered into a contract for a portion of its river fuel usage in Europe for the 2024 season. The contract prices are fixed for 10,000 cubic meters and depend on the place of delivery ranging from $74.80 to $88.70 per 100 liters excluding taxes. • | In January 2024, the Group completed the sale of the Viking Legend river vessel to a third party at the end of the charter term. • | In January 2024, the Group amended the shipbuilding contracts to accelerate the delivery dates for Ship XIV, Ship XV and Ship XVI. Ship XIV, Ship XV and Ship XVI are now scheduled to be delivered in the years 2026, 2027 and 2028, respectively. • | In February 2024, the Group entered into option agreements for eight additional river vessels, four of which have an exercise date of October 30, 2024 for delivery in 2027 and four of which have an exercise date of October 30, 2025 for delivery in 2028. • | In February 2024, the Group entered into an accommodation purchase agreement for all cabins on select sailings on the Zhao Shang Yi Dun, which is owned and operated by CMV, traveling in China for 72 days in the third and fourth quarters of 2024. The Group has options to extend the agreement for additional periods in future years. F-70 Table of Contents VIKING HOLDINGS LTD (PARENT COMPANY ONLY) CONDENSED STATEMENTS OF TOTAL COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS) (in USD and thousands) Year Ended December 31,
2021 | 2022 | 2023
Management service revenue | $ | 8,784 | $ | 10,573 | $ | 8,579
Total revenue | 8,784 | 10,573 | 8,579
Operating expenses
Administration | (15,698) | (22,366) | (18,361)
Operating loss | (6,914) | (11,793) | (9,782)
Non-operating income (expense)
Interest income | 1,079 | 5,594 | 9,552
Interest expense | (70,176) | (94,889) | (95,530)
Currency gain (loss) | 60 | 163 | (52)
Private Placement derivatives (loss) gain | (696,102) | 808,523 | (2,007,089)
Loss on Private Placement refinancing | (367,233) | — | —
Other financial (loss) income | (40,504) | 40,567 | (107,673)
(Loss) income before income taxes | (1,179,790) | 748,165 | (2,210,574)
Income tax expense | — | — | —
Net (loss) income | $ | (1,179,790) | $ | 748,165 | $ | (2,210,574)
Other comprehensive income (loss)
Other comprehensive income | — | — | —
Total comprehensive (loss) income | $ | (1,179,790) | $ | 748,165 | $ | (2,210,574) The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. F-71 Table of Contents VIKING HOLDINGS LTD (PARENT COMPANY ONLY) CONDENSED STATEMENTS OF FINANCIAL POSITION (in USD and thousands) December 31, 2022 | December 31, 2023
Assets
Non-current assets
Investment in subsidiaries | $ | 545,151 | $ | 560,447
Non-current receivable due from related party | 7,015 | 7,725
Long-term loan due from related party | 14,199 | 14,199
Total non-current assets | 566,365 | 582,371
Current assets
Cash and cash equivalents | 236,258 | 104,053
Prepaid expenses | 1,598 | 1,299
Current receivables due from subsidiaries | 8,370 | 14,217
Current receivable due from related parties | 834 | 663
Total current assets | 247,060 | 120,232
Total assets | $ | 813,425 | $ | 702,603
Shareholders’ equity and liabilities
Shareholders’ equity | $ | (1,282,656) | $ | (3,524,612)
Non-current liabilities
Private Placement liability | 1,384,780 | 1,394,552
Private Placement derivative | 633,670 | 2,640,759
Non-current payable due to related party | 7,015 | 7,725
Long-term loan due to related party | 14,199 | 14,199
Other non-current liabilities | 26,597 | 134,270
Total non-current liabilities | 2,066,261 | 4,191,505
Current liabilities
Accounts payable | 389 | 1,084
Accrued liabilities | 605 | 1,339
Current payables due to subsidiaries | 28,826 | 33,287
Total current liabilities | 29,820 | 35,710
Total shareholders’ equity and liabilities | $ | 813,425 | $ | 702,603 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. F-72 Table of Contents VIKING HOLDINGS LTD (PARENT COMPANY ONLY) CONDENSED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS (in USD and thousands) Year Ended December 31,
2021 | 2022 | 2023
Cash flows from operating activities
Net (loss) income | $ | (1,179,790) | $ | 748,165 | $ | (2,210,574)
Adjustments to reconcile net (loss) income to net cash flows
Amortization of debt transaction costs | 2,123 | 9,129 | 9,772
Modification gains on financial liabilities | (14,729) | — | —
Non-cash loss on Private Placement refinancing | 366,537 | — | —
Private Placement derivatives loss (gain) | 696,102 | (808,523) | 2,007,089
Non-cash financial loss (gain) | 40,504 | (40,567) | 107,673
Stock based compensation expense | 4,344 | 4,452 | 2,613
Interest income | (1,079) | (5,594) | (9,552)
Interest expense | 82,782 | 85,760 | 85,758
Changes in working capital:
Changes in other liabilities and assets | (565) | 169 | 1,728
Changes in related parties receivable and payables | (4,002) | (1,931) | (1,215)
Net cash flow used in operating activities | (7,773) | (8,940) | (6,708)
Cash flows from investing activities
Interest received | 369 | 4,884 | 8,842
Net cash flow from investing activities | 369 | 4,884 | 8,842
Cash flows from financing activities
Proceeds from issuance of Series C Preference Shares | 699,000 | — | —
Dividend distribution | (51,222) | (46,462) | (49,291)
Repurchase of Ordinary and Non-Voting Ordinary Shares | (200,000) | — | —
Interest paid | (77,557) | (85,050) | (85,048)
Net cash flow from (used in) financing activities | 370,221 | (131,512) | (134,339)
Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents | $ | 362,817 | $ | (135,568) | $ | (132,205)
Cash and cash equivalents
Cash and cash equivalents at January 1 | $ | 9,009 | $ | 371,826 | $ | 236,258
Cash and cash equivalents at December 31 | 371,826 | 236,258 | 104,053
Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents | $ | 362,817 | $ | (135,568) | $ | (132,205) The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. F-73 Table of Contents VIKING HOLDINGS LTD (PARENT COMPANY ONLY) NOTES TO THE CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS DECEMBER 31, 2023 1. | BACKGROUND AND BASIS OF PREPARATION These condensed parent company-only financial statements have been prepared in accordance with Rule 12-04 of Regulation S-X, as the restricted net assets of Viking Holdings Ltd (“VHL” or the “Company”) and its subsidiaries (the “Group”) exceed 25% of the consolidated net assets of Viking Holdings
Ltd and its subsidiaries. This information should be read in conjunction with the Group’s consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this prospectus. VHL’s investment in subsidiaries is stated at historical cost, including contributed capital, less any write-down for impairment. Based on the carrying
value of the Company’s subsidiaries, no impairment charges were recorded for any periods presented. Except for its accounting for investments in
subsidiaries as described above, the accounting policies for the Company are the same as those described in Note 2 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements included elsewhere in this prospectus. 2. | COMMITMENTS, CONTINGENCIES, AND LONG-TERM OBLIGATIONS For a discussion of the Company’s commitments, contingencies, and long-term obligations under its Private Placement liability and derivative and other non-current liabilities, see Notes 15, 20, 24 and 26 of the Group’s consolidated financial statements. 3. | TRANSACTIONS WITH RELATED PARTIES AND SUBSIDIARIES VHL entered into loan agreement to borrow up to $25.0 million from one of its subsidiaries and in turn, VHL entered into loan agreement to lend up to
$25.0 million to one of its subsidiaries. Each of the loans are interest bearing at 5% and mature in 2025. As of both December 31, 2022 and 2023, $14.2 million of each $25.0 million had been drawn. As VHL is the ultimate parent
of both subsidiaries, these loans and related interest are eliminated in the consolidated financial statements. For the years ended December 31,
2021, 2022 and 2023, management service revenue from subsidiaries was $8.8 million, $10.6 million and $8.6 million, respectively, which is eliminated in the consolidated financial statements. Receivables from subsidiaries and payables to subsidiaries are eliminated in the consolidated financial statements. F-74 Table of Contents Table of Contents Table of Contents Table of Contents