                   SUPPLEMENT DATED SEPTEMBER 21, 2022
         SUPPLEMENTING THE OFFICIAL STATEMENT DATED AUGUST 26, 2021
                   IN CONNECTION WITH THE ISSUANCE OF

                                                      $35,595,000
                                     CALIFORNIA PUBLIC FINANCE AUTHORITY
                                          Insured Refunding Revenue Bonds
                                                  (O’Connor Woods)
                                            Series 2022 (Forward Delivery)

THIS SUPPLEMENT DATED SEPTEMBER 21, 2022 (THIS “SUPPLEMENT”) IS BEING
PROVIDED TO UPDATE OR REPLACE CERTAIN INFORMATION CONTAINED IN THE
OFFICIAL STATEMENT DATED AUGUST 26, 2021 (THE “OFFICIAL STATEMENT”)
RELATING TO THE ABOVE REFERENCED BONDS (THE “BONDS”). IT IS EXPECTED
THAT THE BONDS WILL BE AVAILABLE FOR DELIVERY THROUGH THE FACILITIES OF
DTC, AGAINST PAYMENT THEREFOR, ON OR ABOUT OCTOBER 4, 2022.

The Official Statement relating to the above captioned bond transaction is hereby supplemented and revised
to include the following information, which supplements and replaces certain information shown in the
Official Statement as indicated below. All capitalized terms used but not defined herein shall have the
meanings set forth in the Official Statement. The Official Statement is appended to this Supplement as
Appendix II.

Notably, since the date of the Official Statement, the Corporation has released its Annual Report for the
fiscal year ending December 31, 2021, and its Quarterly Report for the quarters ending March 31, 2022 and
June 30, 2022. Such Annual Report and Quarterly Reports are incorporated herein by reference and are
available through EMMA.

                                                   ***

The paragraph on the front cover of the Official Statement describing the opinion of Bond Counsel is
replaced in its entirety as follows:

         In the opinion of Orrick, Herrington & Sutcliffe LLP, Bond Counsel to the California Public
Finance Authority, based upon an analysis of existing laws, regulations, rulings, and court decisions, and
assuming, among other matters, the accuracy of certain representations and compliance with certain
covenants, interest on the Bonds is excluded from gross income for federal income tax purposes under
Section 103 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 and is exempt from State of California personal income
taxes. In the further opinion of Bond Counsel, interest on the Bonds is not a specific preference item for
purposes of the federal individual alternative minimum tax. Bond Counsel observes that, for tax years
beginning after December 31, 2022, interest on the Bonds included in adjusted financial statement
income of certain corporations is not excluded from the federal corporate alternative minimum tax.
Bond Counsel expresses no opinion regarding any other tax consequences related to the ownership or
disposition of, or the amount, accrual or receipt of interest on, the Bonds. See “TAX MATTERS” herein.
Delivery of the Bonds, and delivery of Bond Counsel’s opinion with respect to the Bonds, is subject to the
satisfaction of certain terms and conditions provided in the Forward Delivery Purchase Contract as
described under the heading “FORWARD DELIVERY OF THE BONDS” in the Official Statement.




                                                    1
                               CALIFORNIA HEALTH FACILITY
                          CONSTRUCTION LOAN INSURANCE PROGRAM

Description of the Insurance Policy

         General. The Corporation has received a conditional commitment from the Department for
insurance of the Corporation’s payment of the principal and interest with respect to the Bonds. Insurance
of the full amount of the principal and interest with respect to the Bonds (but not any premium) is evidenced
by the Contract of Insurance and the Regulatory Agreement, both of which will be entered into by the
Department, the Authority and the Corporation, concurrently with the execution and delivery of the Bonds.
See APPENDIX D – “FORM OF CONTRACT OF INSURANCE” to the Official Statement for the form
and terms of the insurance provided by the Department. The Regulatory Agreement sets out many of the
financial covenants of the Corporation relating to, among other things, the maintenance of specified debt
service coverage levels and the limitations on incurrence of additional indebtedness or disposition of assets
by the Corporation. Prospective holders of the Bonds should note that the provisions of the Regulatory
Agreement may be amended with the consent of the Department without the necessity of obtaining the
consent of the holders of the Bonds or the holders of Parity Debt. See “Rights of the Department under the
Regulatory Agreement” below and APPENDIX C – “SUMMARY OF PRINCIPAL DOCUMENTS—
REGULATORY AGREEMENT” to the Official Statement.

         Insurance Law Section 129050, subsection (a) requires that a loan must be secured by a first
mortgage, first deed of trust or first priority lien on an interest of the borrower in real property and any other
security agreement as the Department may require. For this purpose, the Corporation will grant a security
interest in all of the Gross Revenues and the Gross Revenue Fund and the proceeds thereof under the Loan
Agreement and the Regulatory Agreement and the Corporation will enter into the Deed of Trust.
Prospective holders of the Bonds should note that the provisions of the Deed of Trust may be amended,
subordinated or terminated at any time with the consent of the Department without the necessity of
obtaining the consent of the holders of the Bonds or the holders of Parity Debt.

        Incontestability and Non-Cancellability. Under Insurance Law Section 129110, the Contract of
Insurance is incontestable from the date of execution thereof, except in case of fraud or misrepresentation
on the part of the lender. The Insurance Law and the Contract of Insurance impose certain continuing
obligations on the Corporation as a condition of insuring the Bonds but specify that the remedies for breach
of these obligations shall not include withdrawal or cancellation of the insurance. The insurance provided
by the Contract of Insurance will terminate under certain circumstances, including payment in full by the
Department of the insurance with respect to the Bonds or defeasance of the Bonds pursuant to the Indenture,
as more fully described in APPENDIX D – “FORM OF CONTRACT OF INSURANCE” to the Official
Statement. See also APPENDIX C – “SUMMARY OF PRINCIPAL DOCUMENTS—REGULATORY
AGREEMENT” to the Official Statement.

        Procedures upon Default. If there is an event of default as specified under the Indenture (an “Event
of Default”), the Trustee must notify the Department. The Trustee also must notify the Department if 30
days prior to an Interest Payment Date or Principal Payment Date there are not sufficient available moneys
held by the Trustee in the Revenue Fund (other than in the Debt Service Reserve Account) to make the next
payment of principal or interest with respect to the Bonds.

         Pursuant to the Regulatory Agreement and the Indenture, if there is an Event of Default and the
Trustee has notified the Department that available moneys in the Principal and Interest Accounts will be
insufficient to pay in full the next succeeding payment of interest and/or principal on the Bonds when due,
the Department shall cause a sufficient amount to be deposited in the Principal Account and/or Interest
Account at least three Business Days prior to the date on which such payment is due. The money will come

                                                        2
from the Bond Reserve Account held under the Indenture or from the Health Facility Construction Loan
Insurance Fund (the “HFCLIF”) that is established by the Insurance Law (Sections 129010, subsection (g),
and 129200). The obligation of the Corporation to repay any money advanced from the HFCLIF is secured
by the Deed of Trust.

        Following an Event of Default, the Department may (i) continue to approve such transfers or make
such payments described in the preceding paragraph as are necessary to provide for the timely payment of
the principal of and interest on the Bonds when due, (ii) accept title to the Facilities from the Trustee upon
foreclosure pursuant to the Deed of Trust or otherwise, (iii) accept an assignment of the security interest
created under the Deed of Trust and of all claims under the Indenture, or (iv) instruct the Trustee to declare
the principal of the Bonds then Outstanding and the interest with respect thereto to be immediately due and
payable and make such payment from the HFCLIF. If funds in the HFCLIF are not sufficient to make the
required payments described above, the Department shall notify the Treasurer who is required to issue
debentures in place of such Bonds. See “The Department, the Insurance Program and the Insurance Fund—
State Debentures” below.

         Rights of the Department under the Regulatory Agreement. The Regulatory Agreement grants
the Department extensive rights, including the right to attend and participate in all meetings of the
Corporation Board of Directors. Additionally, the Regulatory Agreement prohibits the Corporation from
taking certain actions without first obtaining the consent of the Department or meeting certain requirements
in the Regulatory Agreement, including affiliating with, merging into, or consolidating with any entity;
transferring cash or cash equivalents to any entity, including but not limited to a subsidiary or an affiliate
of the Corporation; disposing of or acquiring property; and incurring indebtedness. Additionally, upon the
occurrence of an event of default under the Regulatory Agreement, the Deed of Trust or the Indenture, the
Department shall have the remedies provided in Insurance Law Section 129173. See APPENDIX C –
“SUMMARY OF PRINCIPAL DOCUMENTS—REGULATORY AGREEMENT” to the Official
Statement.

         Rate Covenant and Other Financial Covenants. Under the Regulatory Agreement and the Loan
Agreement, the Corporation is required to fix, charge and collect or cause to be fixed, charged and collected,
subject to applicable requirements or restrictions imposed by law, such rates, fees and charges which,
together with all other receipts and revenues of the Corporation and any other funds available therefor, are
reasonably projected to be sufficient in each fiscal year to produce a Debt Service Coverage Ratio equal to
1.25, beginning with the fiscal year ending December 31, 2022. The Regulatory Agreement also requires
the Corporation to maintain, as of the end of each fiscal year, a Current Ratio of at least 1.50 to 1 for such
fiscal year and at least thirty (30) Days Cash on Hand, each beginning with the fiscal year ending December
31, 2022. For more specific information relating to these covenants, see APPENDIX C – “SUMMARY OF
PRINCIPAL DOCUMENTS—REGULATORY AGREEMENT” to the Official Statement.

        Covenants contained in the Regulatory Agreement may be waived or amended by the Department
without the necessity of obtaining the consent of the holders of the Bonds, the Authority or any other party.
For a further description of the Debt Service Coverage Ratio covenant, the Current Ratio covenant and the
Days Cash on Hand covenant, see APPENDIX C – “SUMMARY OF PRINCIPAL DOCUMENTS—
REGULATORY AGREEMENT—Rates and Charges; Debt Coverage; Current Ratio; Days Cash on Hand”
to the Official Statement. The Bonds will continue to be insured by the Department in the manner described
above even if an Event of Default were to occur under financial or other covenants made by the Corporation.

The Department, the Insurance Program and the Insurance Fund

       General. The California Health Facility Construction Loan Insurance Program (the “Insurance
Program”) is authorized by Article XVI, Section 4 of the California Constitution and is provided for in the


                                                      3
       Insurance Law. The Insurance Program is operated by the Department, which has adopted regulations
       implementing the Insurance Program. Under the Insurance Law, the Department is currently authorized to
       insure health facility construction, improvement and expansion loans, as specified in the Insurance Law.
       Entities which may obtain insurance for their facilities include both public agencies and nonprofit
       corporations, and authorized health facilities include a wide range from acute care facilities to local clinics,
       dependency centers and community mental health centers. The Insurance Law authorizes the Insurance
       Program to insure not more than $3,000,000,000 principal amount of loans at any time. As of June 30,
       2022, the principal amount of loans insured under the Insurance Program was approximately
       $1,548,180,135 comprised of 63 loans.

               Finances of the Insurance Program; Financial Reports. The Insurance Program is financed by
       an application fee of 0.5% of the loan applied for, but not to exceed $500 (Insurance Law section 129090),
       an inspection fee not in excess of 0.4% of the loan that is insured (Insurance Law section 129035), and an
       insurance premium due in full at closing not in excess of 3.0% of the total amount of principal and interest
       payable over the term of the loan (Insurance Law section 129040). The fees and premiums charged are
       deposited in the HFCLIF and are used to defray administrative expenses of the Insurance Program, to cure
       defaults on loans and to pay principal of and interest on insured bonds and certificates of participation prior
       to issuance of debentures by the Treasurer.

               Under the Insurance Law, payments of principal and interest with respect to the Bonds or payments
       on the debentures would be made by the Department from the HFCLIF. As of June 30, 2022, the cash
       balance of the HFCLIF was approximately $145,943,846. The moneys in the HFCLIF are continuously
       appropriated to pay obligations insured by the Department under the Insurance Law. Insurance Law section
       129215 states: “The Health Facility Construction Loan Insurance Fund, established pursuant to Section
       129200, shall be a trust fund and neither the fund nor the interest or other earnings generated by the fund
       shall be used for any purpose other than those purposes authorized by this chapter.” The moneys in the
       HFCLIF are invested in the State’s Pooled Money Investment Account.

                The Department is required by law to submit certain reports to the Legislature, consisting of two
       Annual Reports, and a State Plan. The State Plan is prepared every two years, as of January 1 of each odd-
       numbered year. The 2017, 2019 and 2021 State Plans are being consolidated into one report that is expected
       to be released in calendar year 2022. The 2015 State Plan is available at the website of the Department at
       https://hcai.ca.gov/construction-finance/construction-financing/. The Consolidated Annual Reports to the
       Legislature, consisting of the Annual Reports to the Legislature for the fiscal years ended June 30, 2015
       through June 30, 2020 (the “2015-2020 Annual Reports”) are available at the website of the Department.
       The Annual Reports to the Legislature for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2021 are available at the website
       of the Department. The Department also prepares monthly reports containing the insured loan balance, the
       HFCLIF balance, total debt service reserve of all loans, and anticipated recoveries. The most recent monthly
       report available from the Department is available at the website of the Department.

                The following table provides certain statistics for the Insurance Program as of the end of the last
       five fiscal years ended June 30 for which reports are available from the Department:

                                 2017             2018             2019             2020             2021             2022


Number of Loans Insured            84              80               83               78               66               63

Principal Amount of Loans
Insured                      $1,590,800,080   $1,679,591,385   $1,816,496,274   $1,780,317,746   $1,661,201,598   $1,548,180,135
Cash Balance of HFCLIF        $168,979,760     $169,757,738     $168,625,786     $163,825,305     $153,567,319     $145,943,846




                                                               4
         Insurance Program Loans; Status of Borrowers. The future financial status of the Insurance
Program is directly affected by the financial performance of the borrowers in the Insurance Program and
their current and projected ability to repay their loans. The Department has established a rating system to
implement objective criteria and continues to monitor each borrower for compliance with loan covenants
assigning a risk rating (A to F) to that borrower and all its loans.

        The risk ratings have a corresponding relationship to the financial status of the borrower and risk
to the HFCLIF:

        A Rating – no material problems;

        B Rating – minor problems such as one or more of the following: for more than one fiscal year,
some of the borrower’s covenant requirements have not been met; the borrower’s financial trends indicate
potential problems; the borrower is more than 6 months late in providing its financial and other reports as
required by its Regulatory Agreement.

        C Rating – serious problems, such as one or more of the following: the borrower’s last insured loan
payment was not paid within 30 days of the delinquency date defined in the borrower’s Regulatory
Agreement; the borrower’s days cash on hand is low; the last calculation of the insured debt service
coverage ratio was below 1.0 and the project does not have a substantial cash cushion either in days cash
on hand or in relation to amount of insured debt; payables and receivables indicate inappropriate lag time;
economic indicators locally, regionally or statewide are impacting the borrower; management turnover
and/or board oversight is in question; the borrower has filed for bankruptcy protection but is making full
payments on insured debt.

         D Rating – very serious problems such as one or more of the following: the debt service reserve
fund has been invaded and the borrower is not making substantial progress in fully replenishing its debt
service reserve fund, pursuant to the loan documents; financial trends have been escalating downward with
no action plan in place to correct the problem; the borrower’s days cash on hand is exceedingly low, such
that it does not appear that the borrower will be able to make its next payroll; payment(s) are not being
made and HFCLIF may be used within the next 12 months.

       E Rating – payments have been or are being made from the HFCLIF, but full recovery is expected.
The Department has a work out plan with the borrower.

        F Rating – payments have been or are being made from the HFCLIF and loss of some magnitude
is expected.

        As of June 30, 2022, there were no borrowers with loans in the portfolio with D or E Ratings and
one borrower with an F Rating. The F rated borrower, California-Nevada Methodist Homes, filed a
voluntary petition for Chapter 11 bankruptcy on March 16, 2021. Publicly available information about the
bankruptcy can be found online at https://cases.stretto.com/CNMH. See California-Nevada Methodist
Homes below for more information. Since the start of the Insurance Program in 1972, through June 30,
2022, 21 borrowers (with 30 loans) have defaulted with all required payments coming from the HFCLIF
(without cost to the State General Fund).

         The largest defaulted loan in the Insurance Program was a loan to Triad Healthcare Corporation in
the original amount of $182.3 million. The Triad loan was fully paid as of July 23, 2021 and there are no
further obligations.




                                                    5
         California-Nevada Methodist Homes (“CNMH”) discontinued making bond payments in April
2020 at the onset of the COVID-19 pandemic. On July 1, 2020, an amount of $615,532.61 from the Debt
Service Reserve Fund was drawn to supplement the principal and interest payment due on July 1, 2020. On
March 16, 2021, CNMH filed a voluntary petition for Chapter 11 bankruptcy and at the time, the
Department had insured a bond issue with a principal balance of $30,225,000 and a bank line of credit with
a principal balance of $2,999,120 at the time of the bankruptcy. When CNMH entered bankruptcy, the bank
declared the line of credit in default and the Department paid on its insurance on May 14, 2021. In 2021
and 2022, the Department made additional advances from the HFCLIF to cover the debt service on the
insured bond issue. CNMH continued in possession of its property and operation of its businesses as debtor-
in-possession. On February 8, 2022, the court approved the motion of sale of CNMH to Pacifica Companies
LLC (“Pacifica”). On May 6, 2022, Pacifica submitted their request for approval to the Attorney General.
Closing of the transaction is expected in the fourth quarter of 2022. As of July 1, 2022, the remaining
insured bond principal balance was $28,930,000, and total payments made from the HFCLIF was
$5,860,056.

         State Debentures. In the event the obligations of the HFCLIF to pay on an issue of defaulted bonds
or certificates of participation exceeds the available balances in the HFCLIF, and upon receipt by the
Department of title to the subject facilities or assignment of the security interest in a deed of trust and upon
surrender of the defaulted bonds or certificates of participation to the Department, the Department shall
notify the Treasurer and request the Treasurer to issue debentures to the holders of the defaulted bonds or
certificates of participation, as applicable, so surrendered. Pursuant to Insurance Law section 129160,
subsection (a), (1) the debentures shall bear interest at a rate equal to the stated interest rate(s) on the insured
loan or bonds, and shall be payable on a payment schedule identical to payments on the insured loan or
bonds, (2) the debentures are fully and unconditionally guaranteed as to principal and interest by the State,
and (3) the amounts to be paid on the debentures will be continuously appropriated from the general fund
of the State Treasury. Insurance Law section 129160, subsection (b) provides, “Any debenture issued under
this article shall be paid on par with general obligation bonds issued by the state.” See “CERTAIN
FINANCIAL INFORMATION REGARDING THE STATE” and “RATING,” both in the Official
Statement.

         While the Department has not requested the issuance of and the Treasurer has not issued any such
debentures since the inception of the Insurance Program, the Department, the Treasurer and the State
Department of Finance entered into a memorandum of understanding in December 2016 establishing
procedures for the issuance of debentures (the “Memorandum of Understanding”). A copy of the
Memorandum of Understanding is available upon request to: Department of Health Care Access and
Information, Cal- Mortgage Loan Insurance Division, 2020 West El Camino Avenue, Suite 1231,
Sacramento, CA 95833, Telephone: (916) 319-8800; e-mail: cminsure@hcai.ca.gov. It is expected that, to
the same extent as interest on the Bonds is not includable in the gross income of the holders thereof for
purposes of federal income taxation, interest on the debentures would not be includable in the gross income
of the holders and that interest on debentures would be exempt under the law as in effect on the date hereof
from State personal income taxes. Upon the occurrence of certain Events of Default under the Indenture,
there is the possibility that the interest on the Bonds could become subject to federal income taxation. The
Indenture provides that there shall be no acceleration of the principal of and interest on the Bonds upon the
occurrence of an Event of Default under the Indenture without the consent of the Department. If the Bonds
were declared taxable by the Internal Revenue Service (“IRS”) or another appropriate authority, thereby
resulting in an Event of Default under the Indenture, and if the Department did not consent to an
acceleration, the holders of the Bonds (and holders of any debentures exchanged for such Bonds) would
continue to receive interest payments, but those interest payments would not be excludable from gross
income for federal income tax purposes. See APPENDIX C – “SUMMARY OF PRINCIPAL
DOCUMENTS—INDENTURE—Events of Default under the Indenture and Remedies—Events of
Default” and “—Acceleration of Maturities,” both in the Official Statement.

                                                         6
         Actuarial Study. The Department obtains an independent actuarial review of the HFCLIF every
two years. At the request of the Department, Oliver Wyman Actuarial Consulting, Inc. (“Oliver Wyman”)
completed a study in March 2022 (the “2020 Actuarial Study”) to evaluate, among other matters, (1) the
reserve sufficiency of the HFCLIF as of June 30, 2020; and (2) the risk to the State’s General Fund from
the Insurance Program. Oliver Wyman compared the HFCLIF cash balance as of June 30, 2020 of
$163.83 million against the reserve and capital requirements standards set by the California Department of
Insurance for private financial guaranty insurers; the 2020 Actuarial Study indicated that the Insurance
Program’s assets were at least $15.27 million below the level which would be required by the California
Department of Insurance standards for private insurers (including reserves for projects which were
anticipated to default in fiscal year 2020/21). As to the second subject, the 2020 Actuarial Study indicated
that the HFCLIF as of June 30, 2020 under the “expected scenario” (which scenario assumed, among other
things, a 6.30% default rate) would maintain a positive balance until at least the forecast period of 2049/50.
Even under the “most pessimistic scenario” in which a 10% probability of catastrophic loss was used, the
2020 Actuarial Study indicated that there was a 70% likelihood that HFCLIF reserves as of June 30, 2020
would protect against any General Fund losses until at least 2031/32, and a 90% likelihood that HFCLIF
reserves as of June 30, 2020 would protect against any General Fund losses until at least 2025/26.

        The 2020 Actuarial Study is based on stated assumptions and estimates including, but not limited
to, default rates, investment yields, termination rates, claim severities, catastrophic losses and payment
patterns. Variation from such estimates or assumptions may cause actual results to vary from the analysis
in the 2020 Actuarial Study and such variations could be material. A copy of the 2020 Actuarial Study is
available on the Department’s website.

         See “BONDHOLDERS’ RISKS—State Bond Insurance” in the Official Statement for a discussion
of the risks related to the Insurance. See “RATING” in the Official Statement for a discussion of the rating
the Bonds are expected to receive due to the insurance by the Department of the Bonds.

      See “INTRODUCTORY STATEMENT—Contract of Insurance” and “FORWARD DELIVERY
OF THE BONDS” in the Official Statement.

     FOR A FURTHER DESCRIPTION OF THE REGULATORY AGREEMENT AND THE
CONTRACT OF INSURANCE, SEE APPENDIX C – “SUMMARY OF PRINCIPAL DOCUMENTS”
AND APPENDIX D – “FORM OF CONTRACT OF INSURANCE” IN THE OFFICIAL STATEMENT.

                                             TAX MATTERS

The first paragraph of the “TAX MATTERS” section of the Official Statement is replaced in its entirety
as follows:

         In the opinion of Orrick, Herrington & Sutcliffe LLP, bond counsel to the Authority (“Bond
Counsel”), based upon an analysis of existing laws, regulations, rulings, and court decisions, and assuming,
among other matters, the accuracy of certain representations and compliance with certain covenants, interest
on the Bonds is excluded from gross income for federal income tax purposes under Section 103 of the
Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (the “Code”) and is exempt from State of California personal income taxes.
In the further opinion of Bond Counsel, interest on the Bonds is not a specific preference item for purposes
of the federal individual alternative minimum tax. Bond Counsel observes that, for tax years beginning
after December 31, 2022, interest on the Bonds included in adjusted financial statement income of
certain corporations is not excluded from the federal corporate alternative minimum tax. Bond
Counsel expresses no opinion regarding any other tax consequences related to the ownership or disposition
of, or the amount, accrual or receipt of interest on, the Bonds. A complete copy of the proposed form of
opinion of Bond Counsel is set forth in APPENDIX I to this Supplement and replaces APPENDIX F to the


                                                      7
Official Statement. Delivery of the Bonds, and delivery of Bond Counsel’s opinion with respect to the
Bonds, is subject to the satisfaction of certain terms and conditions provided in the Forward Delivery
Purchase Contract as described under the heading “FORWARD DELIVERY OF THE BONDS.” The
delivery of such opinion is a condition to the issuance of the Bonds on the Final Settlement Date.

                                      UPDATES TO APPENDIX A

       Following are updates to certain of the information contained in Appendix A to the Official
Statement.

         Each of the following are updated pursuant to information contained in the Annual Report posted
April 27, 2022, and available on EMMA: audited financial statements for the fiscal year ended December
31, 2021, an update of the information contained in Appendix A to the Official Statement relating to the
Bonds under the captions “OCCUPANCY AND HISTORICAL UTILIZATION” (Tables 8, 10, 12, 14 and
17 of Appendix A), and “MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL
PERFORMANCE – Summary of Financial Information,” and “ – Financial Ratios”, together with a
statement of: (i) number of units/beds available by level of care and number of units/beds occupied by level
of care; and (ii) number of persons on waiting list by level of care, both as of the close of the most recently
completed fiscal year.

Governance

         The members of the Board and their respective occupations and length of service are set forth in
the following table. Table 1 in Appendix A is updated as follows:

                                                  Table 1
                                              Board of Trustees

                 Trustee                    Occupation                          Time Served        Term Ends
 Tom Bowe (Board Chair)                     Architect                               5 years          12/2022
 Rudy Croce (Board Secretary)               CPA                                     3 years          11/2022
 Greg Doe (Audit Chair)                     Chief of Pharmacy for State of          8 years          12/2023
                                            California
 Bob Fay (Finance Chair)                    Retired Investment Banker               8 years          12/2023
 Kristin Fletcher                           Real Estate Agent                       3 years          12/2022
 Sr. Katherine Hamilton                     Retired Dominican Sister                5 years          12/2023
 Mark Ornelas                               Attorney                                6 years          12/2022
 Jerilyn Ratto                              RN owns Professional Health             5 years          12/2023
                                            Consulting Services
 Gary Spaugh                                Health Care Administration              9 years          12/2022
 Margaret Stephens (Board Chair)            Fund Raising at Schools                 4 years          12/2021
 Anitra Williams                            Director of Nursing St. Joseph’s        2 year           12/2023
                                            Medical Center


COVID – 19 Update

        The section titled “RESPONSE TO COVID-19” in the Official Statement is updated to provide the
following two paragraphs:


                                                       8
