Document false 0001336920 0001336920 2020-02-03 2020-02-03 UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 FORM 8-K CURRENT REPORT Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 Date of Report (Date of Earliest Event Reported): February 3, 2020 LEIDOS HOLDINGS, INC.
(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) Delaware | 001-33072 | 20-3562868
(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) | (Commission File Number) | (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.)
11951 Freedom Drive | Reston | Virginia | 20190
(Address of principal executive office) | (Zip Code) ( 571 ) 526-6000 (Registrants' telephone number, including area code) Not Applicable (Former Name or Former Address, If Changed Since Last Report) Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions: ☐ | Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425) ☐ | Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12) ☐ | Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b)) ☐ | Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c)) Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Title of each class | Trading symbol(s) | Name of each exchange on which registered
Common stock, par value $.0001 per share | LDOS | New York Stock Exchange Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (§230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (§240.12b-2 of this chapter). Emerging growth company | ☐ If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. ☐ Item 7.01 | Regulation FD Disclosure. On February 4, 2020, Leidos issued a press release announcing that it had entered into a definitive agreement to acquire the security, detection, and automation business of L3Harris Technologies, Inc., for $1.0 billion in cash. A copy of the press release is attached hereto as Exhibit 99.1 and is incorporated herein by reference. Leidos announced a conference call to be held at 7:30 a.m., Eastern Time on February 4, 2020. A live audio broadcast of the conference call along with the investor presentation will be available to the public through links on the Investor Relations section of Leidos’ web site (http://investors.leidos.com). A webcast replay will also be accessible following the event. A copy of the investor presentation, which will be discussed during the conference call, is attached to this report as Exhibit 99.2 and incorporated herein by reference. The information under this Item 7.01 and both Exhibit 99.1 and Exhibit 99.2 attached hereto are being furnished and shall not be deemed “filed” for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “Exchange Act”), nor shall such information or exhibits be incorporated by reference in any filing under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Exchange Act, regardless of any general incorporation language in such filings, except as shall be expressly set forth by specific reference in such a filing. The furnishing of Exhibit 99.1 and Exhibit 99.2 attached hereto is not intended to constitute a determination by Leidos that the information is material or that the dissemination of the information is required by Regulation FD. Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements The forward-looking statements contained in the exhibits to this Current Report on Form 8-K involve risks and uncertainties that may affect Leidos’ operations, markets, products, services, prices and other factors as discussed in filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”). Without limiting the foregoing, forward-looking statements often use words such as “believe,” “anticipate,” “plan,” “expect,” “estimate,” “intend,” “seek,” “project,” “target,” “goal,” “may,” “will,” “would,” “could,” “should,” “can,” “continue” and other words of similar meaning in connection with a discussion of the transaction or future operating or financial performance or events. These risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, economic, competitive, legal, governmental and technological factors. Accordingly, there is no assurance that the expectations of Leidos will be realized. This release also contains statements about the proposed acquisition of the security, detection, and automation business of L3Harris Technologies, Inc. that are based on assumptions currently believed to be valid but involve significant risks and uncertainties, many of which are beyond Leidos’ control, which could cause Leidos’ actual results to differ materially from these forward-looking statements with respect to the transaction, including risks relating to the completion of the transaction on anticipated terms and timing, including regulatory approvals, anticipated tax treatment, ability to retain key personnel, the dependency of the transaction on market conditions and the impact of a change in market conditions on the value to be received in the transaction, unforeseen liabilities, future capital expenditures, uncertainty as to the expected financial condition and economic performance of the company following the closing, including future revenues, expenses, earnings, indebtedness, losses, prospects, business strategies for the management, expansion and growth of the company following the closing, Leidos’ ability to integrate the businesses successfully and to achieve anticipated synergies, and the risk that disruptions from the transaction will harm Leidos’ business. While the list of factors presented here is considered representative, no such list should be considered to be a complete statement of all potential risks and uncertainties. Unlisted factors may present significant additional obstacles to the realization of forward-looking statements. Consequences of material differences in results as compared with those anticipated in the forward-looking statements could include, among other things, business disruption, operational problems, financial loss, legal liability to third parties and similar risks, any of which could have a material adverse effect on Leidos’ consolidated financial condition, results of operations or liquidity. For a discussion identifying additional important factors that could cause actual results to vary materially from those anticipated in the forward-looking statements, see Leidos’ filings with the SEC, including “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” and “Risk Factors” in Leidos’ annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 2018, and in its quarterly reports on Form 10-Q which are available at http://www.Leidos.com and at the SEC’s web site at http://www.sec.gov. The forward-looking statements contained in this release are made only as of the date of this release. Readers are cautioned not to put undue reliance on forward-looking statements. Leidos assumes no obligation to provide revisions or updates to any forward-looking statements should circumstances change, except as otherwise required by securities and other applicable laws. Item 9.01. Financial Statements and Exhibits. (d) Exhibits. The following exhibits are furnished with this report. Exhibit 99.1 | Press Release, dated February 4, 2020.
Exhibit 99.2 | Investor Presentation, dated February 4, 2020.
Exhibit 104 | The cover page from this Current Report on Form 8-K, formatted in Inline XBRL. SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized. Dated: February 4, 2020 | LEIDOS HOLDINGS, INC.
By: | /s/ Raymond L. Veldman
Raymond L. Veldman
Senior Vice President and Deputy General Counsel