SOURCE: SEC EDGAR 8-K exhibit
COMPANY: Harmony Biosciences Holdings, Inc. (HRMY)
FILING_DATE: 2025-10-23
ACCESSION: 0001104659-25-101688
ITEMS: 2.02,9.01
EXHIBIT: hrmy-20251023xex99d1.htm
======================================================================
EX-99.1 2 hrmy-20251023xex99d1.htm EX-99.1 Exhibit 99.1 HARMONY BIOSCIENCES PREANNOUNCES STRONG Q3 2025 WAKIX PERFORMANCE; RAISES 2025 REVENUE GUIDANCE PLYMOUTH MEETING, Pa., October 23, 2025 /Business Wire/ -- Harmony Biosciences Holdings, Inc. (Nasdaq: HRMY) today announced preliminary results for Q3 2025, highlighted by the following: WAKIX (pitolisant) franchise delivered net revenue of approximately $239M in Q3 2025, representing 29% year-over-year revenue growth These results were driven by the highest ever quarterly increase in average number of patients of approximately 500 for the quarter, reaching 8,100 average patients in Q3 2025, accelerating the trajectory toward potential blockbuster status for WAKIX in narcolepsy The company is increasing its 2025 revenue guidance to $845-$865 million from the previous range of $820-$860 million Harmony to report full Q3 2025 earnings and host a conference call on November 4th Our robust performance this quarter highlights the continued strength of WAKIX and significant market opportunity that remains ahead. I am incredibly proud of our team s focus and executional excellence, as we generated very strong results this quarter, positioning Harmony well for future growth, said Jeffrey M. Dayno, M.D., President and CEO of Harmony Biosciences. Harmony will report full third quarter 2025 financial results on Tuesday, November 4th, 2025, before the open of the U.S. financial markets. Harmony will host a conference call and webcast on November 4th, 2025, at 8:30 a.m. ET to discuss the results. To participate in the live call by phone, dial 800-274-8461 (domestic) or 203-518-9814 (international), and reference passcode HRMYQ325. The live and replay webcast of the call will be available on the investor page of our website at https://ir.harmonybiosciences.com/ . About Preliminary Financial Results The preliminary results set forth above have not been audited or reviewed by our auditor, are based on management s initial review of the Company s results for the quarter ended September 30, 2025, and are subject to revision based upon the Company s quarter-end closing procedures and the completion and external review by our auditor of the Company s quarter-end financial statements. Actual results may differ materially from these preliminary results following the completion of quarter-end closing procedures, final adjustments or other developments arising between now and the time that the Company s financial results are finalized. In addition, these preliminary results are not a comprehensive statement of the Company s financial results for the quarter ended September 30, 2025, should not be viewed as a substitute for full financial statements prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and are not necessarily indicative of the Company s results for any future period. About WAKIX (pitolisant) Tablets WAKIX, a first-in-class medication, is approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration for the treatment of excessive daytime sleepiness (EDS) or cataplexy in adult patients with narcolepsy and for the treatment of EDS in pediatric patients 6 years of age and older with narcolepsy. It was granted orphan drug designation for the treatment of narcolepsy in 2010, and breakthrough therapy designation for the treatment of cataplexy in 2018. WAKIX is a selective histamine 3 (H ) receptor antagonist/inverse agonist. The mechanism of action of WAKIX is unclear; however, its efficacy could be mediated through its activity at H receptors, thereby increasing the synthesis and release of histamine, a wake promoting neurotransmitter. WAKIX was designed and developed by Bioprojet (France). Harmony has an exclusive license from Bioprojet to develop, manufacture and commercialize pitolisant in the United States. Indications and Usage WAKIX is indicated for the treatment of excessive daytime sleepiness (EDS) or cataplexy in adult patients with narcolepsy and for the treatment of excessive daytime sleepiness (EDS) in pediatric patients 6 years of age and older with narcolepsy. Important Safety Information Contraindications WAKIX is contraindicated in patients with known hypersensitivity to pitolisant or any component of the formulation. Anaphylaxis has been reported. WAKIX is also contraindicated in patients with severe hepatic impairment. Warnings and Precautions WAKIX prolongs the QT interval; avoid use of WAKIX in patients with known QT prolongation or in combination with other drugs known to prolong the QT interval. Avoid use in patients with a history of cardiac arrhythmias, as well as other circumstances that may increase the risk of the occurrence of torsade de pointes or sudden death, including symptomatic bradycardia, hypokalemia or hypomagnesemia, and the presence of congenital prolongation of the QT interval. The risk of QT prolongation may be greater in patients with hepatic or renal impairment due to higher concentrations of pitolisant; monitor these patients for increased QTc. Dosage modification is recommended in patients with moderate hepatic impairment and moderate or severe renal impairment. WAKIX is contraindicated in patients with severe hepatic impairment and not recommended in patients with end-stage renal disease (ESRD). Adverse Reactions In the placebo-controlled clinical trials conducted in patients with narcolepsy with or without cataplexy, the most common adverse reactions ( 5% and at least twice placebo) for WAKIX were insomnia (6%), nausea (6%), and anxiety (5%). Other adverse reactions that occurred at 2% and more frequently than in patients treated with placebo included headache, upper respiratory tract infection, musculoskeletal pain, heart rate increased, hallucinations, irritability, abdominal pain, sleep disturbance, decreased appetite, cataplexy, dry mouth, and rash. In the placebo-controlled phase of the clinical trial conducted in pediatric patients 6 years and older with narcolepsy with or without cataplexy, the most common adverse reactions ( 5% and greater than placebo) for WAKIX were headache (19%) and insomnia (7%). The overall adverse reaction profile of WAKIX in the pediatric clinical trial was similar to that seen in the adult clinical trial program. Drug Interactions Concomitant administration of WAKIX with strong CYP2D6 inhibitors increases pitolisant exposure by 2.2-fold. Reduce the dose of WAKIX by half. Concomitant use of WAKIX with strong CYP3A4 inducers decreases exposure of pitolisant by 50%. Dosage adjustments may be required. H1 receptor antagonists that cross the blood-brain barrier may reduce the effectiveness of WAKIX. Patients should avoid centrally acting H1 receptor antagonists. WAKIX is a borderline/weak inducer of CYP3A4. WAKIX may reduce the effectiveness of sensitive CYP3A4 substrates, including hormonal contraceptives. Patients using hormonal contraception should be advised to use an alternative non-hormonal contraceptive method during treatment with WAKIX and for at least 21 days after discontinuing treatment. Use in Specific Populations There is a pregnancy exposure registry that monitors pregnancy outcomes in women who are exposed to WAKIX during pregnancy. Patients should be encouraged to enroll in the WAKIX pregnancy registry if they become pregnant. To enroll or obtain information from the registry, patients can call 1-800-833-7460. The safety and effectiveness of WAKIX have not been established for treatment of excessive daytime sleepiness in pediatric patients less than 6 years of age with narcolepsy. The safety and effectiveness of WAKIX have not been established for treatment of cataplexy in pediatric patients with narcolepsy. WAKIX is extensively metabolized by the liver. WAKIX is contraindicated in patients with severe hepatic impairment. Dosage adjustment is required in patients with moderate hepatic impairment. WAKIX is not recommended in patients with end-stage renal disease. Dosage adjustment of WAKIX is recommended in patients with eGFR 60 mL/minute/1.73 m2. Dosage reduction is recommended in patients known to be poor CYP2D6 metabolizers; these patients have higher concentrations of WAKIX than normal CYP2D6 metabolizers. Please see the Full Prescribing Information for WAKIX for more information. To report suspected adverse reactions, contact Harmony Biosciences at 1-800-833-7460 or the FDA at 1-800-FDA-1088 or www.fda.gov/medwatch . About Narcolepsy Narcolepsy is a rare, chronic, debilitating neurological disease of sleep-wake state instability that impacts approximately 170,000 Americans and is primarily characterized by excessive daytime sleepiness (EDS) and cataplexy its two cardinal symptoms along with other manifestations of REM sleep dysregulation (hallucinations and sleep paralysis), which intrude into wakefulness. EDS is the inability to stay awake and alert during the day and is the symptom that is present in all people living with narcolepsy. In most patients, narcolepsy is caused by the loss of hypocretin/orexin, a neuropeptide in the brain that supports sleep-wake state stability. This disease affects men and women equally, with typical symptom onset in adolescence or young adulthood; however, it can take up to a decade to be properly diagnosed. About Harmony Biosciences Harmony Biosciences is a pharmaceutical company dedicated to developing and commercializing innovative therapies for patients with rare neurological diseases who have unmet medical needs. Driven by novel science, visionary thinking, and a commitment to those who feel overlooked, Harmony Biosciences is nurturing a future full of therapeutic possibilities that may enable patients with rare neurological diseases to truly thrive. Established by Paragon Biosciences, LLC, in 2017 and headquartered in Plymouth Meeting, Pa., we believe that when empathy and innovation meet, a better future can begin; a vision evident in the therapeutic innovations we advance, the culture we cultivate, and the community programs we foster. For more information, please visit www.harmonybiosciences.com . Forward-Looking Statements This press release contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. All statements contained in this press release that do not relate to matters of historical fact should be considered forward- looking statements, including statements regarding our full year 2025 revenue, expectations for the growth and value of WAKIX, plans to submit an sNDA for pitolisant in idiopathic hypersomnia; our future results of operations and financial position, business strategy, products, prospective products, product approvals, the plans and objectives of management for future operations and future results of anticipated products. These statements are neither promises nor guarantees, but involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other important factors that may cause our actual results, performance or achievements to be materially different from any future results, performance or achievements expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements, including, but not limited to, the following: our commercialization efforts and strategy for WAKIX; the rate and degree of market acceptance and clinical utility of pitolisant in additional indications, if approved, and any other product candidates we may develop or acquire, if approved, including ZYN002 and EPX-100; our research and development plans, including our plans to explore the therapeutic potential of pitolisant in additional indications; our ongoing and planned clinical trials; our ability to expand the scope of our license agreements with Bioprojet Soci t Civile de Recherche ( Bioprojet ); the availability of favorable insurance coverage and reimbursement for WAKIX; the timing of, and our ability to obtain, regulatory approvals for pitolisant for other indications as well as any other product candidates; our estimates regarding expenses, future revenue, capital requirements and additional financing needs; our ability to identify, acquire and integrate additional products or product candidates with significant commercial potential that are consistent with our commercial objectives; our commercialization, marketing and manufacturing capabilities and strategy; significant competition in our industry; our intellectual property position; loss or retirement of key members of management; failure to successfully execute our growth strategy, including any delays in our planned future growth; our failure to maintain effective internal controls; the impact of government laws and regulations; volatility and fluctuations in the price of our common stock; the significant costs and required management time as a result of operating as a public company; the fact that the price of Harmony s common stock may be volatile and fluctuate substantially; statements related to our intended share repurchases and repurchase timeframe; and macroeconomic effects and changes in market conditions, including the impact of tariffs, inflation and the risk of recession. These and other important factors discussed under the caption Risk Factors in our Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ) on February 25, 2025, and our other filings with the SEC could cause actual results to differ materially from those indicated by the forward-looking statements made in this press release. Any such forward-looking statements represent management s estimates as of the date of this press release. While we may elect to update such forward-looking statements at some point in the future, we disclaim any obligation to do so, even if subsequent events cause our views to change. Investor Contact: Matthew Beck astr partners 917-415-1750 matthew.beck@astrpartners.com Media Contact: Cate McCanless Harmony Biosciences 202-641-6086 cmccanless@harmonybiosciences.com