ASCENSION

CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION

Years Ended June 30, 2025 and 2024
With Reports of Independent Auditors
                                         Ascension

                            Consolidated Financial Statements​
                             and Supplementary Information

                          Years Ended June 30, 2025 and 2024




                                         Contents

​



Report of Independent Auditors​                                     1

Consolidated Financial Statements

Consolidated Balance Sheets​                                        4
Consolidated Statements of Operations and Changes in Net Assets​    6
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows​                              8
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements​                        10

Supplementary Information

Report of Independent Auditors on Supplementary Information​       63
Credit Group Financial Statements - Balance Sheet​                 64
Credit Group Financial Statements - Statement of Operations and
​ Changes in Net Assets​                                           66
Notes to Credit Group Financial Statements​                        68


​
                                                   Ernst & Young LLP        Tel: +1 314 290 1000
                                                   Suite 2600               ey.com
                                                   7676 Forsyth Boulevard
                                                   St. Louis, MO 63105




                                                Report of Independent Auditors

The Board of Directors
Ascension Health Alliance d/b/a Ascension

Opinion

We have audited the consolidated financial statements of Ascension Health Alliance d/b/a Ascension
(the System), which comprise the consolidated balance sheets as of June 30, 2025 and 2024, and the
related consolidated statements of operations and changes in net assets, and cash flows for the years
then ended, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the “financial statements”).

In our opinion, the accompanying financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the
financial position of the System at June 30, 2025 and 2024, and the results of its operations and changes
in its net assets and its cash flows for the years then ended in accordance with accounting principles
generally accepted in the United States of America.

Basis for Opinion

We conducted our audits in accordance with auditing standards generally accepted in the United States
of America (GAAS). Our responsibilities under those standards are further described in the Auditor’s
Responsibilities for the Audit of the Financial Statements section of our report. We are required to be
independent of the System and to meet our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with the relevant
ethical requirements relating to our audits. We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is
sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our audit opinion.

Responsibilities of Management for the Financial Statements

Management is responsible for the preparation and fair presentation of the financial statements in
accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America, and for the
design, implementation, and maintenance of internal control relevant to the preparation and fair
presentation of financial statements that are free of material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.

In preparing the financial statements, management is required to evaluate whether there are conditions
or events, considered in the aggregate, that raise substantial doubt about the System’s ability to continue
as a going concern for one year after the date that the financial statements are issued.




                                                                   1
A member firm of Ernst & Young Global Limited
Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Financial Statements

Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements as a whole are
free of material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s report that includes
our opinion. Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance but is not absolute assurance and
therefore is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with GAAS will always detect a
material misstatement when it exists. The risk of not detecting a material misstatement resulting from
fraud is higher than for one resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional
omissions, misrepresentations, or the override of internal control. Misstatements are considered
material if there is a substantial likelihood that, individually or in the aggregate, they would influence
the judgment made by a reasonable user based on the financial statements.

In performing an audit in accordance with GAAS, we:

      •      Exercise professional judgment and maintain professional skepticism throughout the audit.

      •      Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due
             to fraud or error, and design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks. Such
             procedures include examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures
             in the financial statements.

      •      Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit
             procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an
             opinion on the effectiveness of the System’s internal control. Accordingly, no such opinion is
             expressed.

      •      Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of significant
             accounting estimates made by management, as well as evaluate the overall presentation of the
             financial statements.

      •      Conclude whether, in our judgment, there are conditions or events, considered in the aggregate,
             that raise substantial doubt about the System’s ability to continue as a going concern for a
             reasonable period of time.

We are required to communicate with those charged with governance regarding, among other matters,
the planned scope and timing of the audit, significant audit findings, and certain internal control-related
matters that we identified during the audit.




                                                      2
A member firm of Ernst & Young Global Limited
Other Information

Management is responsible for the other information. The other information comprises Management’s
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations for Ascension but does not
include the financial statements and our auditor’s report thereon. Our opinion on the financial
statements does not cover the other information, and we do not express an opinion or any form of
assurance thereon.

In connection with our audit of the financial statements, our responsibility is to read the other
information and consider whether a material inconsistency exists between the other information and
the financial statements, or the other information otherwise appears to be materially misstated. If, based
on the work performed, we conclude that an uncorrected material misstatement of the other information
exists, we are required to describe it in our report.


                                                                         
September 17, 2025




                                                  3
A member firm of Ernst & Young Global Limited
                                  Ascension

                          Consolidated Balance Sheets
                              (Dollars in Thousands)




Continued on next page.




                                        4
                                                              Ascension

                                              Consolidated Balance Sheets
                                                       (Dollars in Thousands)




*Consists of variable rate demand bonds with put options that may be exercised at the option of the bondholders, with stated repayment
installments through 2038. In the event that bonds are not remarketed upon the exercise of put options for the variable bonds, management
would utilize other sources to access the necessary liquidity. Potential sources include a drawdown on the System’s lines of credit, issuing
commercial paper, and liquidating investments.

The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements.​
                                                                      5
                                       Ascension

                          Consolidated Statements of Operations
                               and Changes in Net Assets
                                   (Dollars in Thousands)




Continued on next page.



                                             6
                                                  Ascension

                              Consolidated Statements of Operations
                                   and Changes in Net Assets
                                             (Dollars in Thousands)




The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements.



                                                        7
                                        Ascension

                          Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows
                                   (Dollars in Thousands)




Continued on next page.




                                             8
                                                  Ascension

                              Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows
                                           (Dollars in Thousands)




The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements.




                                                         9
                                          Ascension

                       Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
                                     (Dollars in Thousands)

1.​ Organization and Mission

Organizational Structure

Ascension Health Alliance, d/b/a Ascension (Ascension), is a Missouri nonprofit corporation
formed on September 13, 2011. Ascension is a Catholic national health system consisting
primarily of nonprofit corporations that own and operate local healthcare facilities, or Ministry
Markets, located in 16 states and the District of Columbia. Ascension also serves as the direct or
indirect member or shareholder of various subsidiaries including, but not limited to:

   •​ Ascension Healthcare
   •​ Ascension Capital
         o​ Ascension Investment Management (AIM)
         o​ Ascension Ventures (AV)
         o​ AV Holding Company
   •​ Ascension Care Management
   •​ Ascension Foundation
   •​ Ascension Holdings
   •​ Ascension Leadership Academy
   •​ Ascension Risk Services
   •​ Ascension Technologies
   •​ SmartHealth Solutions
   •​ The Resource Group

Ascension is also the majority investor in Ascension Alpha Fund, LLC (Alpha Fund), a limited
liability company organized in the state of Delaware, as well as the majority limited partner of
various venture capital funds (the Venture Funds), as further discussed in the Investment Funds
note. The Alpha Fund and the Venture Funds are collectively referred to as Investment Funds.
Ascension and its member organizations are hereafter referred to collectively as the System.

Sponsorship

Ascension is sponsored by the Ascension Sponsor, a Public Juridic Person. The Participating
Entities of the Ascension Sponsor include the Daughters of Charity of St. Vincent de Paul, St.
Louise Province; the Congregation of St. Joseph; the Congregation of the Sisters of St. Joseph of
Carondelet; the Congregation of Alexian Brothers of the Immaculate Conception Province, Inc. –
American Province; and the Sisters of the Sorrowful Mother of the Third Order of St. Francis of
Assisi – US/Caribbean Province.


                                               10
                                          Ascension

                Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
                                     (Dollars in Thousands)

1. Organization and Mission (continued)

Mission

The System directs its governance and management activities toward strong, vibrant, Catholic
Ministries united in service and healing, and dedicates its resources to spiritually centered care
which sustains and improves the health of the individuals and communities it serves. In
accordance with the System’s mission of service to those persons living in poverty and other
vulnerable persons, each Ministry Market accepts patients regardless of their ability to pay. The
System uses the following categories to report the costs of community benefit provided:

   •​ Traditional charity care includes the cost of services provided to persons who cannot afford
      healthcare because of inadequate resources, including those who are uninsured or
      underinsured.

   •​ Unpaid cost of public programs, excluding Medicare, represents the unpaid cost of services
      provided to persons covered by public programs for persons living in poverty and other
      vulnerable persons.

   •​ Unreimbursed costs of programs for persons living in poverty and other persons who are
      vulnerable, and programs for the broader community, including health promotion and
      education, health clinics and screenings, and medical research.

   •​ Unpaid costs of Medicare, represents the unpaid cost of services provided to Medicare
      recipients.

Discounts are provided to all uninsured and underinsured patients, including those with the
means to pay. Discounts provided to patients who did not qualify for financial assistance are not
included in the cost of providing care for persons living in poverty and other community benefit
programs. Traditional charity care and the unpaid cost of public programs are calculated based
on a cost to charge ratio methodology.

The cost of traditional charity care provided was $570,097 and $474,431 for the years ended
June 30, 2025 and 2024, respectively. See Community Benefit note for further information
related to Ascension’s cost of other community benefit.




                                               11
                                          Ascension

                Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
                                     (Dollars in Thousands)

2. Significant Accounting Policies

Principles of Consolidation

The System consolidates all entities for which operating control is exercised by the System or
one of its member entities, and all significant inter-entity transactions have been eliminated in
consolidation.

Use of Estimates

Management has made estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of certain
assets, liabilities, revenues, and expenses. Actual results could differ from those estimates.

Fair Value of Financial Instruments

Carrying values of financial instruments classified as current assets and current liabilities
approximate fair value. The fair values of financial instruments measured at fair value are
disclosed in the Fair Value Measurements note.

Cash and Cash Equivalents

Cash and cash equivalents consist of cash and interest-bearing deposits with original maturities
of three months or less.

Short-Term Investments

Short-term investments consist of investments with original maturities exceeding three months
and up to one year.

Inventories

Inventories, consisting primarily of medical supplies and pharmaceuticals, are stated at the lower
of cost or market value using first-in, first-out (FIFO) or a methodology that closely
approximates FIFO.




                                               12
                                           Ascension

                Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
                                     (Dollars in Thousands)

2. Significant Accounting Policies (continued)

Long-Term Investments and Investment Return

Long-term investments are primarily comprised of the Investment Funds, which are consolidated
by the System. The System’s investments, including the Investment Funds, are measured at fair
value or net asset value. Further information about long-term investments and investment return
is discussed in the Investment Funds, Cash and Investments, and Fair Value Measurements notes.

Long-term investments include assets limited as to use of $1,448,748 and $1,716,182 at June 30,
2025 and 2024, respectively. Assets limited as to use are primarily investments with donor
restrictions, including restricted cash and cash equivalents, and assets placed in trust or held by
captive insurance companies for the payment of self-insured claims.

Purchases and sales of investments are accounted for on a trade-date basis. The cost of
substantially all securities sold is based on the FIFO method. Investment returns consist of
dividends, interest, and gains and losses. Investment returns, excluding returns of self-insurance
trust funds and restricted investment returns, are reported as Nonoperating gains (losses) in the
Consolidated Statements of Operations and Changes in Net Assets. Investment returns of
Self-insurance trust funds are reported as a separate component of income from operations in the
Consolidated Statements of Operations and Changes in Net Assets.

Property and Equipment

Property and equipment are stated at cost or, if donated, at fair market value at the date of the
gift. Depreciation is determined on a straight-line basis over the estimated useful lives of the
related assets. The range of estimated useful lives used in computing depreciation is as follows:
buildings and leasehold improvements, primarily 2 to 40 years; and equipment, primarily 2 to 20
years. Depreciation expense for the years ended June 30, 2025 and 2024 was approximately
$803,000 and $943,000, respectively.




                                                13
                                          Ascension

               Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
                                    (Dollars in Thousands)

2. Significant Accounting Policies (continued)

A summary of property and equipment is as follows:




Several capital projects have remaining construction and related equipment purchase
commitments of approximately $626,919 as of June 30, 2025.

Investment in Unconsolidated Entities

Investments in entities where the System does not have operating control but has the ability to
exercise significant influence are primarily recorded under the equity method of accounting and
included in Investment in unconsolidated entities on the System’s Consolidated Balance Sheets,
and results of operations are included in other operating revenue in the Consolidated Statements
of Operations and Changes in Net Assets.




                                              14
                                          Ascension

                Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
                                     (Dollars in Thousands)

2. Significant Accounting Policies (continued)

Ascension’s noncontrolling interest in Henry Ford Health System (HFHS) (see Organizational
Changes note) is an equity method investment, included in Investment in unconsolidated entities
in the Consolidated Balance Sheet at June 30, 2025, where the fair value option is elected based
on the nature of the investment. The fair value of this Level 3 investment (see Level 3 definition
in the Fair Value Measurements note) is estimated based on a combination of the income and
market approaches. The income approach considers the projected operating performance of the
company and discounts future economic benefits back to present value using a risk adjusted rate
of return, while the market approach considers prior company and other comparable transactions,
and public guideline company information.

During the year ended June 30, 2025, the change in fair value of Ascension’s investment in
HFHS is approximately $75,600, recognized in other revenue. As of June 30, 2025, Ascension’s
investment in HFHS is approximately $1,300,000.

Intangible Assets, net

Intangible assets, net primarily consist of goodwill and capitalized computer software costs,
including internally developed software. Costs incurred in the development and installation of
internal use software are expensed or capitalized depending on whether they are incurred in the
preliminary project stage, application development stage, or post-implementation stage, and the
nature of the costs. Intangible assets, net are included in the Consolidated Balance Sheets as
presented in the table that follows.




                                               15
                                           Ascension

                Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
                                     (Dollars in Thousands)

2. Significant Accounting Policies (continued)

Goodwill and other intangible assets whose lives are indefinite are not amortized and are
evaluated for impairment at a reporting unit level at least annually, or when circumstances
indicate a possible impairment may exist. This evaluation is based on a qualitative assessment
that considers factors such as the reporting unit fair value and carrying value, industry
considerations and performance outlook. If the qualitative assessment indicates that it is more
likely than not that goodwill is impaired, a quantitative assessment is performed.

Capitalized computer software and other intangible assets with definite lives are amortized on a
straight-line basis over their expected useful lives of primarily 3 to 7 years for capitalized
software and primarily 5 to 30 years for other intangible assets with definite lives. Amortization
expense for these intangible assets for the years ended June 30, 2025 and 2024 was
approximately $203,000 and $177,000, respectively.

Estimated future amortization of capitalized software costs and other intangible assets with
definite lives, excluding software in progress, as of June 30, 2025 is as follows:




Noncontrolling Interests

The Consolidated Financial Statements include all assets, liabilities, revenues, and expenses of
entities that are controlled and consolidated by the System. Noncontrolling interests in the
Consolidated Financial Statements represent the portion of Net assets and Excess (deficit) of
revenues and gains over expenses and losses attributable to entities outside the System, for those
controlled and consolidated entities in which the System’s ownership interest is less than 100%.




                                                16
                                           Ascension

                Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
                                     (Dollars in Thousands)

2. Significant Accounting Policies (continued)

Net Assets

Net Assets Without Donor Restrictions

Net assets without donor restrictions are those whose use by the System has not been limited by
donors and are available for general operating use.

Net Assets With Donor Restrictions

Net assets with donor restrictions include those whose use by the System has been limited by
donors for a specific time period or purpose, primarily for patient care, operations, and property
and equipment.

This category also includes net assets restricted by donors to be maintained in perpetuity. The
income generated from these restricted investments is primarily used to purchase equipment and
to provide charity care and other health and educational services. Contributions with
donor-imposed restrictions that are met in the same reporting period are reported as net assets
without donor restrictions.

Performance Indicator

The performance indicator is the Excess (deficit) of revenues and gains over expenses and losses.
Change in pension liability, Transfers (to) or from sponsors, Net assets released from restrictions
for property acquisitions, and Change in unconsolidated entities’ net assets are not included in
the performance indicator.

Operating and Nonoperating Activities

The System’s primary mission is to meet the healthcare needs in its communities served through
a broad range of general and specialized healthcare services, including inpatient acute care,
outpatient services, long-term care, and other healthcare services. Activities directly associated
with the furtherance of this purpose are classified as operating activities, while activities
resulting in gains or losses peripheral to the System’s primary mission are classified as
nonoperating.




                                                17
                                             Ascension

                 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
                                       (Dollars in Thousands)

2. Significant Accounting Policies (continued)

Net Patient Service Revenue and Accounts Receivable

Net patient service revenue relates to contracts with patients, and in most cases involve a
third-party payor (Medicare, Medicaid, commercial and other managed care insurance
companies) in which the System’s performance obligations are to provide healthcare services.
Net patient service revenues are recorded at expected collectible amounts over the time in which
obligations to provide healthcare services are satisfied. Revenue is accrued to estimate the
amount of revenue earned to date for patients who have not been discharged and whose care
services are not complete as of the reporting period. Substantially all the System’s performance
obligations are satisfied in one year.

The transaction price is determined based on gross charges for services provided, reduced by
contractual adjustments provided to third-party payers, discounts provided to uninsured patients
in accordance with the System’s charity care policy, and implicit price concessions provided
primarily to uninsured patients. Patients who have healthcare insurance may also have discounts
applied related to their copayment or deductible. Implicit price concessions are recorded as a
direct reduction to net patient service revenue and are based primarily on historical collection
experience.

Estimates of contractual adjustments and discounts are determined by major payor classes for
inpatient and outpatient revenues based on contractual agreements, discount policies and
historical experience. Management regularly reviews the contractual estimation process to
consider and incorporate updates to laws and regulations and frequent changes in commercial
and managed care contractual terms resulting from contract renegotiations and renewals.

As related to the May 8, 2024 cybersecurity attack (see Cybersecurity Incidents note), gross
patient service revenue (GPSR) for May and June 2024 was estimated, utilizing inpatient and
outpatient volumes and estimated transaction prices based on average GPSR for inpatients and
outpatients from the month prior to the attack. GPSR was adjusted to expected net patient service
revenue using estimated contractual adjustments and discounts based on historical experience by
patient type categories and major payor classes. Changes in estimated revenue recognized for the
year ended June 30, 2025 were not material.

Laws and regulations governing the Medicare and Medicaid programs are complex and subject
to interpretation. As a result, there is at least a reasonable possibility that recorded estimates will
change by a material amount in the near term.


                                                  18
                                          Ascension

                Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
                                     (Dollars in Thousands)

2. Significant Accounting Policies (continued)

Adjustments to revenue from Medicare and Medicaid and third-party payers related to prior
periods increased net patient service revenue by $188,931 and $79,216 for the years ended June
30, 2025 and 2024, respectively.

Settlements with third-party payers for retroactive revenue adjustments due to audits, reviews or
investigations are considered variable consideration and are included in the determination of the
estimated transaction price for providing patient care. Such estimates are determined through
either a probability-weighted estimate or an estimate of the most likely amount, depending on the
circumstances related to a given estimated settlement item.

These settlements are estimated based on the terms of the payment agreement with the payer,
correspondence from the payer and historical settlement activity, including an assessment to
ensure that it is probable that a significant reversal in the amount of cumulative revenue
recognized will not occur when the uncertainty associated with the retroactive adjustment is
subsequently resolved. Estimated settlements are adjusted in future periods as adjustments
become known, or as years are settled or are no longer subject to such audits, reviews and
investigations.

Net patient service revenue earned for the years ended June 30, 2025 and 2024, is as follows:




                                               19
                                           Ascension

                Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
                                     (Dollars in Thousands)

2. Significant Accounting Policies (continued)

The System grants credit without collateral to its patients. Net patient service revenues earned by
payor and significant concentrations of accounts receivable are as follows. As discussed above,
patient revenues and allowances for May and June 2024 were based on estimates and historical
experience:




Deductibles, copayments, and coinsurance under third-party payment programs which are the
patient’s responsibility are included within the primary payor category in the preceding table.

The primary collection risks relate to uninsured patient accounts, including patient accounts for
which the primary insurance carrier has paid the amounts covered by the applicable agreement,
but patient deductibles and copayments remain outstanding. Accounts are written off when all
reasonable internal and external collection efforts have been performed.

Implicit price concessions relate primarily to amounts due directly from patients. Estimated
implicit price concessions are recorded for all uninsured accounts, regardless of the aging of
those accounts. The estimates for implicit price concessions are based upon management’s
assessment of historical write-offs and expected net collections, business and economic
conditions, trends in federal, state and private employer healthcare coverage and other collection
indicators.

Management relies on the results of detailed reviews of historical write-offs and collections of
revenues and accounts receivable as a primary source of information in estimating the
collectability of accounts receivable. Management updates the hindsight analysis during the year,
using collection history and write-off data. The results of these updates have not resulted in
material adjustments to the valuations of accounts receivable or period-to-period comparisons of
results of operations.

                                                20
                                          Ascension

                Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
                                    (Dollars in Thousands)

2. Significant Accounting Policies (continued)

Other Operating Revenue

Other operating revenues primarily relate to amounts recognized for providing goods and
services not directly associated with patient care, over the period of time the performance
obligations are satisfied. Amounts recognized reflect consideration due from customers, third
party payors, and others.

Components of other operating revenue are included in the following table for the years ended
June 30, 2025 and 2024, respectively:




Impairment and Nonrecurring Gains (Losses), Net

Long-lived assets are reviewed for impairment whenever events or business conditions indicate
the carrying amount of such assets may not be fully recoverable. Initial assessments of
recoverability are based on estimates of undiscounted future net cash flows associated with an
asset or group of assets. Where impairment is indicated, the carrying amount of an asset or group
of assets is reduced to fair value based on income and market approaches, which may include
discounted estimates of future net cash flows, market comparables for similar assets, and
appraisals.



                                               21
                                           Ascension

                Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
                                     (Dollars in Thousands)

2. Significant Accounting Policies (continued)

Nonrecurring gains (losses) primarily include losses associated with the recognition of assets and
liabilities held for sale and assets sold, and also include natural disaster losses and related
insurance proceeds.

Amortization

Bond issuance costs, discounts, and premiums are amortized over the term of the bonds or the
fixed interest period, if applicable, primarily using a method approximating the effective interest
method.

Income Taxes

The System’s tax-exempt organizations are described under Internal Revenue Code Section
501(c)(3), and their related income is exempt from federal income tax under Section 501(a). The
System accounts for uncertainty in income tax positions by applying a recognition threshold and
measurement attribute for financial statement recognition and measurement of a tax position
taken or expected to be taken in a tax return. The System has determined that no material
unrecognized tax benefits or liabilities exist as of June 30, 2025.

The System had deferred tax assets of approximately $498,000 and $441,000 for federal and
state income tax purposes primarily related to net operating loss carryforwards for the years
ended June 30, 2025 and 2024, respectively.

Net operating losses incurred prior to July 1, 2018 have expiration dates through 2038, while net
operating losses incurred after July 1, 2018 can be carried forward indefinitely, under the Tax
Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017. A valuation allowance of approximately $498,000 and $438,000 is
recognized at June 30, 2025 and 2024, respectively, due to the uncertainty regarding use of the
deferred tax assets.

Contingencies

Regulatory and legal contingencies are evaluated for risk of loss, and accruals are made when
such losses are deemed probable and can be reasonably estimated. Liabilities accrued for
professional liability claims include amounts covered by excess insurance, and as such, the
Company records a receivable for the expected reimbursement of losses covered by excess
insurance at the time liabilities are accrued.


                                                22
                                           Ascension

                Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
                                      (Dollars in Thousands)

2. Significant Accounting Policies (continued)

Reclassifications

Certain reclassifications were made to prior periods’ Consolidated Financial Statements to
conform to the June 30, 2025 presentation.

Subsequent Events

The System evaluates the impact of subsequent events, which are events that occur after the
Consolidated Balance Sheet date, but before the Consolidated Financial Statements are issued,
for potential recognition or disclosure in the Consolidated Financial Statements as of the
Consolidated Balance Sheet date.

For the year ended June 30, 2025, the System evaluated subsequent events through September
17, 2025, representing the date the Consolidated Financial Statements were issued.

On July 1, 2025, Ascension Healthcare and Ascension Michigan Home Office completed the
transition of its membership interest in four hospitals and certain related assets and operations in
southwestern Michigan to Beacon Health System. See the Organizational Changes note.

In July 2025, Ascension paid approximately $319,000 of its June 30, 2025 commercial paper
balance. See the Debt note.




                                                23
                                          Ascension

                Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
                                     (Dollars in Thousands)

3. Organizational Changes

Business Combinations

Cedar Park Regional Medical Center

Effective June 30, 2025, Ascension Texas and Ascension Seton (collectively Ascension Texas)
acquired, for cash, the remaining equity interest in Cedar Park Regional Medical Center (Cedar
Park), including interests in certain related joint ventures. Prior to this transaction, Ascension
Texas held a noncontrolling equity interest in Cedar Park. This transaction was accounted for as
an acquisition in accordance with the Financial Accounting Standards Board Accounting
Standards Codification (FASB ASC) 958-805, Business Combinations - Not-for-Profit entities,
with the impact of the step acquisition recognized in income from investment in unconsolidated
entities in Other Revenue. The preliminary fair value of net assets acquired and recognized in
Ascension’s June 30, 2025 Consolidated Balance Sheet is approximately $540,000, determined
in accordance with FASB ASC 820, Fair Value Measurements. Fair values of net assets acquired
will be finalized during the measurement period, which ends on June 30, 2026.

AmSurg

In June 2025, Ascension entered into a definitive agreement to acquire AmSurg, an ambulatory
surgery development, management, and operations services company. This transaction is
expected to be finalized after all necessary approvals are obtained.




                                               24
                                         Ascension

               Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
                                    (Dollars in Thousands)

3. Organizational Changes (continued)

Divestitures

The following table presents amounts, by balance sheet category, that comprise assets and
liabilities held for sale at June 30, 2025 and June 30, 2024. These amounts are primarily
associated with the transactions discussed in the Assets Held for Sale and Assets Sold sections
below. In addition, Long Term Investments in the Consolidated Balance Sheet of approximately
$28,000 and $190,000 at June 30, 2025 and June 30, 2024, respectively, were contributed with
divestitures in Michigan (see Assets Held for Sale and Assets Sold below). Losses associated
with certain Assets Held for Sale and Assets Sold transactions below are included in Impairment
and nonrecurring gains (losses), net in the Consolidated Statement of Operations for the years
ended June 30, 2025 and 2024.




                                              25
                                           Ascension

                Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
                                      (Dollars in Thousands)

3. Organizational Changes (continued)

Assets Held for Sale

On March 31, 2025, Ascension Healthcare, Ascension Michigan Home Office (Ascension
Michigan) and Beacon Health System (Beacon) signed an agreement whereby Ascension
Michigan will transition its membership interest in four hospitals and certain related assets and
operations in southwestern Michigan to Beacon. This transaction closed on July 1, 2025.

In March 2025, certain Ascension Senior Living entities signed asset sale agreements to sell
certain assets and primarily all operations to various purchasers. Certain of these transactions
closed during the year ended June 30, 2025 while the remaining transactions are expected to be
finalized after all necessary approvals are obtained.

Assets Sold

On March 1, 2025, Presence Care Transformation Corporation (Presence), a wholly owned
subsidiary of Ascension Healthcare, sold substantially all assets and operations, as well as related
clinical and other businesses, of nine hospitals and four senior living facilities in the greater
Chicago, Illinois area to Prime Healthcare Services, Inc.

On November 1, 2024, Ascension Healthcare transitioned its membership interest in the St.
Vincent’s Health System in Alabama to UAB Health System Authority.

On October 1, 2024, Ascension Healthcare and Ascension Michigan, a wholly owned subsidiary
of Ascension Healthcare, contributed its membership interest in southeast and mid Michigan
hospitals and related ancillary entities to HFHS, and obtained a 20% noncontrolling interest in
HFHS.

On August 1, 2024, Ascension Healthcare completed the membership substitution of its northern
Michigan hospitals and related ancillary entities to MyMichigan Health.

On February 1, 2024, Ascension Healthcare finalized the transfer of its membership interest in
Our Lady of Lourdes Memorial Hospital, Inc. in New York, along with related clinical and other
business, to The Guthrie Clinic.

On November 1, 2023, Ministry Health Care, Inc., a wholly owned subsidiary of Ascension
Healthcare, finalized the sale of its membership interest in Network Health Inc., a holding
company that operates insurance companies and other non insurance operations in the state of
Wisconsin, to Froedtert Health, Inc.
                                                26
                                         Ascension

               Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
                                    (Dollars in Thousands)

3. Organizational Changes (continued)

On October 1, 2023, Gulf Coast Health System, a wholly owned subsidiary of Ascension
Healthcare, completed the sale of substantially all assets, operations and related clinical and
other business of Providence Hospital in Mobile, Alabama, to the University of South Alabama
Health Care Authority.

4. Cybersecurity Incidents

On May 8, 2024, Ascension experienced a cybersecurity attack, which interrupted access to
certain information technology (IT) systems. Ascension’s investigation and analysis into this
incident is substantially complete. Notifications have been provided to individuals, government
regulators and applicable state agencies.

In response to this incident, as well as a February 2024 third party clearinghouse incident,
Ascension received advance payments of approximately $1,018,000 from the Centers for
Medicare and Medicaid Services (CMS) and other non-governmental payors between March and
August 2024. As of June 30, 2024, approximately $554,000 in Advanced payments remained to
be recouped, as presented on the Consolidated Balance Sheet. These advance payments were
fully recouped by December 31, 2024.

5. Investment Funds

A significant portion of the System’s investments are held within the Investment Funds, with
additional investments held by the Ministry Markets and their consolidated foundations outside
of the Investment Funds.

Alpha Fund

The Alpha Fund is consolidated by the System and includes the investment interests of the
System and noncontrolling Alpha Fund investors.

AIM, a wholly owned subsidiary of the System, serves as the manager and primary investment
advisor of the Alpha Fund, overseeing the investment strategies offered to the Alpha Fund’s
investors. AIM provides expertise in the areas of asset allocation, selection and monitoring of
outside investment managers, and risk management.




                                              27
                                           Ascension

                Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
                                     (Dollars in Thousands)

5. Investment Funds (continued)

Ascension and the Alpha Fund invest in certain alternative investment funds, which include
contractual commitments to provide capital contributions during investment periods, which are
typically five years, and can extend to the end of the fund term. As of June 30, 2025, unfunded
capital commitments total approximately $1,265,000, of which approximately $234,000 are
attributable to Alpha Fund investors other than Ascension. Funding under these commitments, if
required, is expected to be primarily satisfied by the liquidation of existing investments in the
Alpha Fund.

In the normal course of business, the Alpha Fund enters into derivative contracts (derivatives) for
trading purposes, as well as repurchase agreements, within approved guidelines.

Advisors selected by AIM to manage the Alpha Fund’s assets may actively trade futures
contracts, options, swaps, forward settling mortgage-backed securities, index-based instruments,
and foreign currency forward contracts. AIM may also direct these advisors to execute derivative
transactions. These transactions are used to hedge against changes in the interest rates, security
prices, currency fluctuations, and other market developments to manage risk or for the purposes
of earning additional income.

Derivatives are either exchange-traded or over the counter contracts. Exchange-traded
derivatives are standard contracts traded on a regulated exchange. Over the counter contracts are
private contracts negotiated with counterparties. At June 30, 2025 and 2024, the gross notional
value of Alpha Fund derivatives outstanding was approximately $3,981,000 and $2,408,000,
respectively. See the Fair Value Measurements note for discussion of the Alpha Fund derivatives’
fair value determination.

At June 30, 2025 and 2024, the fair value of Alpha Fund derivatives in an asset position was
$83,226 and $40,069 respectively, while the fair value of Alpha Fund derivatives in a liability
position was $80,549 and $49,117 at June 30, 2025 and 2024, respectively. These derivatives are
included in Long-term investments in the Consolidated Balance Sheets.

The Alpha Fund is a party to repurchase agreements, whereby certain securities of the Alpha
Fund’s investments are sold to a counterparty in return for cash as collateral for the purchased
securities, on a short-term basis. The fair value of investments under repurchase agreements at
June 30, 2025 was approximately $688,000. At June 30, 2025, cash collateral received, and
invested within the Alpha Fund, of approximately $678,000 is included in Long-Term
Investments with an offsetting liability within Due to counterparties on the Consolidated Balance
Sheets.

                                                28
                                           Ascension

                Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
                                      (Dollars in Thousands)

5. Investment Funds (continued)

The Alpha Fund participates in a securities lending program, whereby a portion of the Alpha
Fund’s investments are loaned to selected brokerage firms in return for cash and/or securities
from the brokers as collateral for the investments loaned, usually on a short-term basis. Collateral
provided by brokers is maintained at levels approximating 102% of the fair value of the
securities on loan, and is adjusted daily for market fluctuations. At June 30, 2025 and 2024, the
fair value of collateral, comprised primarily of non-cash collateral, was approximately $486,000
and $357,000, respectively. These amounts are recorded in Other current assets, with
corresponding liabilities in Other current liabilities, in the Consolidated Balance Sheets at those
dates. In the event of nonperformance by the counterparties to the securities lending agreements,
the Alpha Fund could be exposed to some loss.

Due from counterparties and Due to counterparties included in the Consolidated Balance Sheets
represent the Alpha Fund’s positions and amounts due from or to various brokers, primarily for
security transactions not yet settled, as well as amounts due to or from other counterparties for
repurchase agreements.

Venture Funds

The Venture Funds are consolidated by the System and include the investment interests of the
System and other noncontrolling limited partners. The general partners of the Venture Funds are
wholly owned subsidiaries of AV Holding Company. The Venture Funds invest primarily in
equity and convertible debt securities of privately held domestic entities, and are reported at fair
value.




                                                29
                                          Ascension

                Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
                                    (Dollars in Thousands)

6. Cash and Investments

The System’s cash and investments are reported in the Consolidated Balance Sheets as presented
in the table that follows. Total cash and investments, net, includes the net assets of Investment
Funds. The Investment Funds’ other assets (liabilities), net are primarily amounts due from and
(to) counterparties. System unrestricted cash and investments, net, represent the System’s cash
and investments excluding assets limited as to use and the noncontrolling interests of Investment
Funds.




The System’s composition of cash and cash equivalents, short-term investments and long-term
investments, which include certain assets limited as to use, is summarized as follows.




                                               30
                                          Ascension

                Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
                                     (Dollars in Thousands)

6. Cash and Investments (continued)




Total investment return includes the System’s return on Investment Funds and on certain
investments held and managed outside the Investment Funds. System investment return is net of
the investment return earned by the noncontrolling interests of the Investment Funds.

Investment return recognized by the System for the years ended June 30, 2025 and 2024, is
summarized in the following table.




Total and system investment returns are net of external and direct internal investment expenses.




                                               31
                                                      Ascension

                    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
                                               (Dollars in Thousands)

7. Financial Assets and Liquidity Resources

As of June 30, 2025 and 2024, respectively, financial assets and liquidity resources available
within one year for general expenditure, such as operating expenses, principal payments on debt,
and capital expenditures not financed with debt, are as follows:




1
  Long-term investments of approximately $28,000 and $190,000 at June, 30 2025 and 2024, respectively were contributed upon
the close of the Michigan transactions discussed in the Organizational Changes note.

As part of the System’s investment policy, highly liquid investments are held to enhance the
ability to satisfy liquidity requirements.




                                                            32
                                            Ascension

                Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
                                      (Dollars in Thousands)

8. Fair Value Measurements

The System measures the fair value of assets and liabilities in accordance with FASB ASC 820,
Fair Value Measurement. Under ASC 820, fair value is defined as the price that would be
received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability at the measurement date. Assets and
liabilities reported at fair value are classified and disclosed in one of the following four
categories:

   Level 1 – Quoted prices (unadjusted) that are readily available in active markets/exchanges
   for identical assets or liabilities.

   Level 2 – Pricing inputs other than quoted prices included in Level 1 that are observable for
   the asset or liability, either directly or indirectly. Level 2 pricing inputs include prices quoted
   for similar assets and liabilities in active markets/exchanges or prices quoted for identical or
   similar assets and liabilities in markets that are not active. If the asset or liability has a
   specified (contractual) term, a Level 2 input must be observable for substantially the full term
   of the asset or liability.

   Level 3 – Significant pricing inputs that are unobservable for the asset or liability, including
   assets or liabilities for which there is little, if any, market activity for such asset or liability.
   Inputs to determine the fair value of Level 3 assets and liabilities require management
   judgment and estimation.

   Net Asset Value – Values are based on the calculated net asset value. The calculated net asset
   values for underlying investments are fair value estimates determined by an external fund
   manager and other sources based on quoted market prices, operating results, balance sheet
   stability, growth, and other business and market sector factors.

The System categorizes, for disclosure purposes, assets and liabilities measured at fair value in
the Consolidated Financial Statements based upon whether the inputs used to determine their fair
values are observable or unobservable. Observable inputs are inputs that are based on market
data obtained from sources independent of the reporting entity. Unobservable inputs are inputs
that reflect the reporting entity’s own assumptions about pricing the asset or liability based on the
best information available in the circumstances.




                                                  33
                                           Ascension

                Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
                                      (Dollars in Thousands)

8. Fair Value Measurements (continued)

In certain cases, the inputs used to measure fair value may fall into different levels of the fair
value hierarchy. In such cases, an asset’s or liability’s level within the fair value hierarchy is
based on the lowest level of input that is significant to the fair value measurement of the asset or
liability. The System’s assessment of the significance of a particular input to the fair value
measurement in its entirety requires judgment and considers factors specific to the asset or
liability.

As of June 30, 2025 and June 30, 2024, the assets and liabilities listed in the fair value hierarchy
tables below use the following valuation techniques and inputs:

Cash Equivalents and Short-Term Investments

Cash equivalents and certain short-term investments include certificates of deposit, whose fair
value is based on cost plus accrued interest. Significant observable inputs include security cost,
maturity, and relevant short-term interest rates.

Other short-term investments designated as Level 2 investments primarily consist of commercial
paper, whose fair value is based on the income approach. Significant observable inputs include
security cost, maturity, credit rating, interest rate, and par value.

Pooled Short-Term Investment Funds

The pooled short-term investment fund is a short-term exchange traded money market fund
primarily invested in treasury securities.

U. S. Government, State, Municipal, and Agency Obligations

The fair value of investments in U.S. government, state, municipal, and agency obligations is
primarily determined using techniques consistent with the income approach. Significant
observable inputs include benchmark yields, reported trades, observable broker/dealer quotes,
and issuer spreads.




                                                34
                                          Ascension

                Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
                                     (Dollars in Thousands)

8. Fair Value Measurements (continued)

Corporate and Foreign Fixed Income Securities

The fair value of investments in U.S. and international corporate bonds and foreign government
bonds is primarily determined using techniques that are consistent with the market approach.
Significant observable inputs include benchmark yields, reported trades, observable
broker/dealer quotes, issuer spreads, and security-specific characteristics (e.g., such as early
redemption options).

Asset-backed Securities

The fair value of U.S. agency, mortgage, and other asset-backed securities is primarily
determined using techniques that are consistent with the income approach. Significant observable
inputs include prepayment speeds and spreads, benchmark yield curves, volatility measures, and
observable broker/dealer quotes.

Equity Securities

The fair value of investments in U.S. and international equity securities is primarily determined
using techniques that are consistent with the market and income approaches. The values for
underlying investments are based on readily available quoted market prices or represent fair
value estimates based on market prices, operating results, balance sheet stability, growth,
dividend, dividend yield, and other business and market sector fundamentals.

Alternative Investments and Other Investments

Alternative investments consist of private equity and other investments. The fair value of private
equity is primarily determined using techniques consistent with both the market and income
approaches, based on the System’s estimates and assumptions in the absence of observable
market data. The market approach considers comparable company, comparable transaction, and
company-specific information, including but not limited to restrictions on disposition,
subsequent purchases of the same or similar securities by other investors, pending mergers or
acquisitions, and current financial position and operating results. The income approach considers
the projected operating performance of the portfolio company. Other investments primarily
include derivative assets and derivative liabilities of the Alpha Fund, including level 1 exchange
traded derivatives. Fair values of other derivatives are primarily determined using techniques
consistent with the market approach.


                                                35
                                            Ascension

                Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
                                      (Dollars in Thousands)

8. Fair Value Measurements (continued)

Significant observable inputs to valuation models include the time value of money, counterparty
credit risk, interest rates, Treasury yields, volatilities, credit spreads, maturity date, recovery
rates, and the current market and contractual prices of the underlying financial instruments.

The fair value of hedge funds, private equity funds, private credit and energy funds, and real
estate partnerships is primarily determined using net asset values, which approximate fair value,
as determined by an external fund manager based on quoted market prices, operating results,
balance sheet stability, growth, and other business and market sector fundamentals.

Deferred Compensation Plan Assets

The fair value of Level 3 deferred compensation plan assets is based on original investments into
a guaranteed fund, plus guaranteed, annuity contract-based interest. Significant unobservable
inputs to the guaranteed rate include the fair value and average duration of the portfolio of
investments underlying annuity contract, the contract value, and the annualized
weighted-average yield to maturity of the benchmark index of the underlying investment
portfolio.

Interest Rate Swap Assets and Liabilities

The fair value of interest rate swaps is primarily determined using techniques consistent with the
income method. Under the income method, fair values are calculated based on present value of
expected future cash flows using discount rates appropriate with risks involved.

Significant observable inputs to valuation models include interest rates, Treasury yields,
volatilities, credit spreads, maturity, and recovery rates.

Investments Sold, Not Yet Purchased

The fair value of investments sold, not yet purchased is based on the nature of the underlying
securities, which may include equity or fixed income securities, and whose valuation techniques
are consistent with these security types as discussed above.




                                                36
                                          Ascension

                Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
                                    (Dollars in Thousands)

8. Fair Value Measurements (continued)

The following tables summarize fair value measurements, by level, at June 30, 2025 and June 30,
2024, for all financial assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis in the
System’s Consolidated Financial Statements.




                                               37
                                     Ascension

              Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
                                (Dollars in Thousands)

8. Fair Value Measurements (continued)




                                         38
                                          Ascension

               Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
                                    (Dollars in Thousands)

8. Fair Value Measurements (continued)

For the years ended June 30, 2025 and 2024, the changes in the fair value of the assets and
liabilities measured using significant unobservable inputs (Level 3) consisted of the following:




                                              39
                                           Ascension

                Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
                                      (Dollars in Thousands)

8. Fair Value Measurements (continued)




The basis for recognizing and valuing transfers into or out of Level 3, in the Level 3 rollforward,
is as of the beginning of the period in which the transfers occur.

9. Debt

Certain members of the System comprise the Ascension Health Alliance Credit Group (Senior
Credit Group). Each Senior Credit Group member is identified as either a senior obligated group
member, a senior designated affiliate, or a senior limited designated affiliate. Senior obligated
group members are jointly and severally liable under a Senior Master Trust Indenture (Senior
MTI) to make all payments required with respect to obligations under the Senior MTI.

Senior designated affiliates and senior limited designated affiliates are not obligated to make debt
service payments on the obligations under the Senior MTI. The System may cause each senior
designated affiliate to transfer such amounts as are necessary to enable the obligated group to
comply with the terms of the Senior MTI, including payment of the outstanding obligations.




                                                40
                                           Ascension

                Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
                                      (Dollars in Thousands)

9. Debt (continued)

Additionally, senior limited designated affiliates have an independent limited designated affiliate
agreement and promissory note with the System with stipulated repayment terms and conditions,
each subject to the governing law of the senior limited designated affiliate’s state of
incorporation.

Pursuant to a Supplemental Master Indenture dated February 1, 2005, senior obligated group
members, which are operating entities, have pledged and assigned to the Master Trustee a
security interest in all of their rights, title, and interest in their pledged revenues and proceeds
thereof.

A Subordinate Credit Group, which is comprised of subordinate obligated group members,
subordinate designed affiliates, and subordinate limited designated affiliates, was created under
the Subordinate Master Trust Indenture (Subordinate MTI). The subordinate obligated group
members are jointly and severally liable under the Subordinate MTI to make all payments
required with respect to obligations under the Subordinate MTI. Subordinate designated affiliates
and subordinate limited designated affiliates are not obligated to make debt service payments on
the obligations under the Subordinate MTI.

The System may cause each subordinate designated affiliate to transfer such amounts as are
necessary to enable the obligated group members to comply with the terms of the Subordinate
MTI, including payment of the outstanding obligations. Additionally, each subordinate limited
designated affiliate has an independent subordinate limited designated affiliate agreement and
promissory note with the System, with stipulated repayment terms and conditions, each subject
to the governing law of the subordinate limited designated affiliate’s state of incorporation.

The unsecured variable rate demand bonds of both the Senior and Subordinate Credit Groups,
while subject to long-term amortization periods, may be put to the System at the option of the
bondholders in connection with certain remarketing dates. To the extent bondholders may, under
the terms of the debt, put their bonds within twelve months after June 30, 2025, the principal
amount of such bonds has been classified as a current liability in the Consolidated Balance
Sheets. Management believes the likelihood of a material amount of bonds being put to the
System to be remote.

The Senior Credit Group has a line of credit totaling $1,000,000, committed through November
18, 2027, which may be used for general corporate purposes. No amounts were outstanding
under this line of credit at June 30, 2025. At June 30, 2024, Ascension had $250,000 outstanding
under this line of credit, included in Short-term debt obligations in the Consolidated Balance
Sheet.
                                                41
                                           Ascension

                Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
                                      (Dollars in Thousands)

9. Debt (continued)

In August 2024, the Senior Credit Group established an additional $500,000 line of credit
committed through August 12, 2026, which was undrawn at June 30, 2025. Also in August 2024,
the Senior Credit Group established a $700,000 bank loan, which was repaid in November 2024.

During the year ended June 30, 2025, Ascension received approximately $1,016,000 from the
issuance of commercial paper, which proceeds were primarily used to repay amounts previously
drawn under the System’s lines of credit and a portion of an August 2024 bank loan borrowing.

Ascension’s commercial paper balance of approximately $369,000 outstanding at June 30, 2025
is included in Short-term debt obligations in the Consolidated Balance Sheet.

As of June 30, 2025, the Senior Credit Group has a $100,000 revolving line of credit related to
its letters of credit program for which a bank commitment of $100,000 extends to November 8,
2027. The revolving line of credit may be accessed solely in the form of letters of credit issued
by the bank for, or at the request of, Ascension. Of this $100,000 revolving line of credit, letters
of credit totaling $79,174 were issued as of June 30, 2025. At June 30, 2024, the Senior Credit
Group had a $115,000 revolving line of credit related to its letters of credit program. No
borrowings were outstanding under this program at June 30, 2025 or 2024.

During the year ended June 30, 2025, Ascension remediated approximately $853,000 of hospital
revenue bond obligations in connection with certain divestitures noted in the Organizational
Changes note.




                                                42
                                         Ascension

               Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
                                    (Dollars in Thousands)

9. Debt (continued)

Debt at June 30, 2025 and 2024 is comprised of the following:




                                              43
                                          Ascension

               Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
                                    (Dollars in Thousands)

9. Debt (continued)




Scheduled principal repayments of long-term debt, considering obligations subject to short-term
remarketing as due according to their long-term amortization schedule, as of June 30, 2025, are
as follows:




During the years ended June 30, 2025 and 2024, interest paid was approximately $290,341 and
$266,000, respectively. Capitalized interest was approximately $19,653 and $13,197 for the
years ended June 30, 2025 and 2024, respectively.




                                              44
                                           Ascension

                Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
                                     (Dollars in Thousands)

10. Derivative Instruments

As provided for in the System’s Master Trust Indenture, the System uses interest rate swap
agreements to manage interest rate risk associated with its outstanding debt. These swaps have
historically been used to effectively convert interest rates on variable rate bonds to fixed rates
and rates on fixed rate bonds to variable rates.

At June 30, 2025 and 2024, the notional values of outstanding interest rate swaps were $401,475
and $403,200, respectively, with maturity dates ranging from August 2029 through November
2036.

The System recognizes the fair value of its interest rate swaps in the Consolidated Balance
Sheets as either assets, recorded in Other noncurrent assets, or liabilities, recorded in Other
noncurrent liabilities, and are not netted. All interest rate swaps were in a liability position at
June 30, 2025 and 2024, and amounted to $23,057 and $18,688, respectively. The System’s
interest rate swap agreements include collateral requirements based on specified criteria. No
collateral was posted as of June 30, 2025 and 2024.

The System does not designate its interest rate swaps as hedges, and accordingly, all changes in
the fair value of interest rate swaps are recognized in Nonoperating gains (losses) in the
Consolidated Statements of Operations and Changes in Net Assets.

11. Leases

The System is a party to primarily real estate and medical and information technology equipment
leases as a lessee and real estate leases as a lessor. Rental escalation clauses or renewal options
are factored into the determination of lease payments when appropriate. To determine the present
value of lease payments, the System utilizes its incremental borrowing rate at lease
commencement when an implicit rate is not available for operating leases. In addition, the
System does not separate lease and non-lease components.




                                                45
                                         Ascension

               Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
                                   (Dollars in Thousands)

11. Leases (continued)

The following table provides the total lease cost included in Other operating expenses in the
Consolidated Statement of Operations and Changes in Net Assets, excluding interest on lease
liabilities, which is included in Interest:




The weighted average remaining lease terms and the weighted average discount rates at June 30,
2025 and 2024 were as follows:




The following table provides the cash paid for amounts included in the measurement of lease
obligations:




                                             46
                                          Ascension

                Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
                                    (Dollars in Thousands)

11. Leases (continued)

The following table reconciles undiscounted future operating and finance lease obligations for
each of the next five years and thereafter, as of June 30, 2025 to Lease obligations recorded on
the Consolidated Balance Sheets at June 30, 2025. These amounts exclude lease obligations of
approximately $37,856 included in liabilities held for sale at June 30, 2025.




For leases where the System is a lessor, future minimum noncancelable receipts on operating
leases for each of the next five years and thereafter, as of June 30, 2025, are as follows. These
amounts exclude receipts associated with entities held for sale at June 30, 2025.




For the years ended June 30, 2025 and 2024, lease income was approximately $65,000 and
$69,000 respectively.
                                          47
                                           Ascension

                Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
                                     (Dollars in Thousands)

12. Retirement Plans

Defined-Benefit Plans

Certain System entities participate in noncontributory, defined-benefit pension plans (the System
Plans), which include traditional and cash balance plans. Benefits are based on each participant’s
years of service and compensation. Primarily all of the System Plans’ assets are invested in the
Master Pension Trust (the Trust).

Contributions to the System Plans are based on actuarially determined amounts sufficient to meet
the benefits to be paid to participants. As of December 31, 2019, all System Plans were frozen.
The assets of the System Plans are available to pay the benefits of eligible employees and retirees
of all participating entities, and consist of investment types as included in the fair value
investment leveling tables further below. In the event certain entities participating in the System
Plans are unable to fulfill their financial obligations under the System Plans, other participating
entities are obligated to do so.

The following table provides the combined benefit obligations and assets of the System Plans at
June 30, 2025 and 2024. Certain System Plans are in an asset position, while others are in a
liability position, and are included in the Consolidated Balance Sheets as shown below. The
System’s Plans’ funded status percentage for both the projected and accumulated benefit
obligations below were 98.3% and 96.4% at June 30, 2025 and 2024, respectively.




                                                48
                                        Ascension

              Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
                                   (Dollars in Thousands)

12. Retirement Plans (continued)




                                            49
                                          Ascension

                Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
                                     (Dollars in Thousands)

12. Retirement Plans (continued)

The Unrecognized net pension costs for the System Plans in the following table are included in
net assets without donor restrictions at June 30, 2025 and 2024, and have not yet been recognized
in net periodic pension cost for the System Plans:




Details of the change in Unrecognized net pension cost in net assets for System Plans in the table
above is shown below.




The following table provides the components of net periodic benefit gain for the System Plans
included in Other non-operating gains (losses) in the Consolidated Statements of Operations and
Changes in Net Assets.




                                               50
                                          Ascension

                Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
                                     (Dollars in Thousands)

12. Retirement Plans (continued)

Rate assumptions used to determine the benefit obligation and net periodic benefit cost for the
System Plans are set forth in the table below. In addition, the System applied the Society of
Actuaries Pri-2012 Private Retirement Plans Mortality Tables, with mortality improvement
projected using the Society of Actuaries MP-2021 mortality projection scale, for purposes of the
June 30, 2025 valuation.




The expected long-term rate of return on the System Plans’ assets is based on historical and
projected rates of return for current and planned asset categories in the investment portfolio.
Assumed projected rates of return for each asset category were selected after analyzing historical
experience and future expectations of the returns and volatility for assets of that category using
benchmark rates.

Based on the target asset allocation among the asset categories, the overall expected rate of
return for the portfolio was developed and adjusted for historical and expected experience of
active portfolio management results compared to benchmark returns and for the effect of
expenses paid from plan assets.




                                               51
                                           Ascension

                Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
                                      (Dollars in Thousands)

12. Retirement Plans (continued)

The System Plans’ assets invested in the Trust are invested in a portfolio designed to protect
principal and obtain competitive investment returns and long-term investment growth, consistent
with actuarial assumptions, with a reasonable and prudent level of risk. Diversification is
achieved by allocating to funds and managers that correlate to one of three economic strategies:
growth, deflation, and inflation. Growth strategies include U.S. equity, emerging market equity,
international equity, absolute return hedge funds, directional hedge funds, private equity, hedged
equity, high yield, and private credit. Deflation strategies include core fixed income,
opportunistic credit, and cash. Inflation strategies include inflation-linked bonds, and liquid real
assets. The System Plans use multiple investment managers with complementary styles,
philosophies, and approaches. In accordance with the System Plans’ objectives, derivatives may
also be used to gain market exposure in an efficient and timely manner.

In accordance with the System Plans’ asset diversification targets, as presented in the table that
follows, the Trust holds certain alternative investments, consisting of various hedge funds,
private equity funds, and real estate funds. These investments do not have observable market
values. As such, each of these investments is valued at net asset value (NAV) as determined by
each fund’s investment manager, which approximates fair value. Collectively, these funds have
liquidity terms ranging from daily to annual with notice periods ranging from 45 to 180 days.
Due to redemption restrictions, investments of certain private equity funds, whose fair value was
approximately $1,478,000 at June 30, 2025, cannot currently be redeemed. However, the
potential for the System Plans to sell their interest in hedge funds, private equity funds and real
estate funds in a secondary market prior to the end of the fund term does exist.

The investments in these alternative investment funds may also include contractual commitments
to provide capital contributions during investment periods, which are typically five years, and
can extend to the end of the fund term. As of June 30, 2025, unfunded capital commitments of
the Trust total approximately $612,000.




                                                52
                                          Ascension

                Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
                                    (Dollars in Thousands)

12. Retirement Plans (continued)

The weighted-average asset allocation for the System Plans in the Trust at June 30, 2025 and
2024 and the target allocation, by asset category, are as follows:




The following tables summarize fair value measurements at June 30, 2025 and 2024, by asset
class and by level, for the System Plans’ assets and liabilities. As discussed in the Fair Value
Measurements note, the System follows the three-level fair value hierarchy to categorize plan
assets and liabilities recognized at fair value, which prioritize the inputs used to measure such
fair values. The inputs and valuation techniques discussed in the Fair Value Measurements note
also apply to the System Plans’ assets and liabilities as presented in the following tables.




                                               53
                                        Ascension

              Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
                                   (Dollars in Thousands)

12. Retirement Plans (continued)




                                            54
                                          Ascension

                Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
                                    (Dollars in Thousands)

12. Retirement Plans (continued)

For the years ended June 30, 2025 and 2024, the changes in the fair value of the System Plans’
assets measured using significant unobservable inputs (Level 3) consisted of the following:




At June 30, 2025 and 2024, the Trust held derivative agreements with a net notional amount of
approximately $3,930,000 and $3,766,000, respectively. The combined targeted duration of these
derivatives and the Trust’s fixed income investments approximates the duration of the liabilities
of the Trust. Currently, 75% of the dollar duration of the liability is subject to this economic
hedge. The purpose of this strategy is to economically hedge the change in the net funded status
for a significant portion of the liability that can occur due to changes in interest rates.

                                               55
                                          Ascension

                Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
                                     (Dollars in Thousands)

12. Retirement Plans (continued)

The fair value of derivatives held by the Trust in an asset position was $89,877 and $106,123 at
June 30, 2025 and 2024, respectively, while the fair value of derivatives held by the Trust in a
liability position was $27,743 and $23,359 at June 30, 2025 and 2024, respectively. These
derivatives are included in Pension and other postretirement liabilities in the Consolidated
Balance Sheets.

Future expected benefit payments from the Trust, by fiscal year, for the System Plans follows:




Defined-Contribution Plans

System entities participate in contributory and noncontributory defined-contribution plans
covering all eligible associates. Employer automatic contributions, employee contributions, and
employer matching contributions are the primary types of contributions to the plans. Employer
automatic contributions are determined as a percentage of a participant’s salary and, for certain
entities, increases over specified periods of employee service. These contributions are funded
annually, and participants become fully vested over a period of time. Employer matching
contributions are determined as a percentage of an eligible participant’s contributions each
payroll period. These contributions are funded each payroll period, and participants become fully
vested in these employer contributions over time. Expenses for the defined-contribution plans
were approximately $363,000 and $366,000, net of forfeitures, for the years ended June 30, 2025
and 2024, respectively, and are included in Employee benefits in the Consolidated Statements of
Operations and Changes in Net Assets.




                                               56
                                            Ascension

                Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
                                      (Dollars in Thousands)

13. Self Insurance Programs

Ascension entities are self-insured for professional and general liability claims on a claims-made
basis, as well as workers compensation claims on an occurrence basis, through grantor trusts and
Ascension Health Insurance, Ltd. (AHIL), a captive insurance company and direct subsidiary of
Ascension Risk Services. The grantor trusts provide funding for claims within the self-insured
retentions. Actuarially determined amounts are contributed to the trust funds to provide for the
estimated cost of claims.

The associated loss reserves recorded for estimated self-insured professional, general liability,
and workers’ compensation claims include estimates of the ultimate costs for both reported
claims and claims incurred but not reported.

For certain entities acquired by Ascension in 2018, loss reserves for estimated self-insured
professional, general liability, and workers’ compensation claims reported prior to July 1, 2018
were actuarially determined and are recorded on an undiscounted basis at June 30, 2025. These
reserves are held outside of the grantor trust. The self-insured professional and general liabilities
for these claims are retained up to $10,000 per occurrence with no aggregate and an additional
$10,000 in aggregate. Additionally, reinsurance up to $150,000 in aggregate exists beyond these
limits.

Professional and General Liability Programs

Professional and general liability coverage is primarily provided on a claims-made basis through
a wholly owned onshore revocable trust and through AHIL. For the current policy year ended
June 30, 2025, the revocable trust has a self-insured retention up to $25,000 per occurrence with
no aggregate. Excess coverage is provided through AHIL with limits up to $220,000. This excess
coverage is primarily reinsured by commercial carriers.

Employed physicians and certain entities in the states of Indiana and Kansas are provided
coverage by ProAssurance Corporation (ProAssurance) on a fronted basis and are reinsured
through AHIL. These entities and physicians are provided professional liability coverage with
limits in compliance with participation in the state-specific Patient Compensation Fund
programs.

Sunflower Assurance, Ltd., a captive insurance company and wholly owned subsidiary of
Ascension Risk Services, offers physician professional liability coverage through insurance or
reinsurance arrangements to non-employed physicians practicing at various facilities of the
System. Coverage is offered to physicians with limits ranging from $100 per claim to $1,000 per
claim with various aggregate limits.
                                                 57
                                         Ascension

               Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
                                    (Dollars in Thousands)

13. Self Insurance Programs (continued)

Included in Insurance in the Consolidated Statements of Operations and Changes in Net Assets is
professional and general liability claim and insurance expense of $355,900 and $336,384 for the
years ended June 30, 2025 and 2024, respectively. Included in current and long-term
Self-insurance liabilities on the Consolidated Balance Sheets are professional and general
liability reserves, discounted at 5.5%, of $1,100,144 and $1,206,750 at June 30, 2025 and 2024,
respectively. Included in Other current and Other long-term assets on the Consolidated Balance
Sheets are reinsurance receivables of $100,093 and $108,695 at June 30, 2025 and 2024,
respectively.

Workers’ Compensation

Workers’ compensation coverage is primarily provided on an occurrence basis through a grantor
trust. The self-insured trust provides coverage up to $1,500 per occurrence with no aggregate.
The trust provides a mechanism for funding the workers’ compensation obligations of its
members.

Included in Employee benefits in the Consolidated Statements of Operations and Changes in Net
Assets is workers’ compensation claim and insurance expense of $29,883 and $48,234 for the
years ended June 30, 2025 and 2024, respectively. Included in current and long-term
Self-insurance liabilities on the Consolidated Balance Sheets are workers’ compensation loss
reserves of $144,711 and $158,840 at June 30, 2025 and 2024, respectively.

14. Related Parties

The System has an agreement with a related party for clinical engineering services, under a
committed contract through 2027. Expenses for clinical engineering services for the years ended
June 30, 2025 and 2024 were approximately $345,000 and $395,000, respectively.

The System has certain agreements with HFHS (see Organizational Changes note) to provide
revenue cycle, information technology, facilities management and finance services for specified
periods of time. Revenue recognized for these services was approximately $171,000 during the
year ended June 30, 2025.




                                              58
                                          Ascension

                Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
                                     (Dollars in Thousands)

15. Commitments and Contingencies

Ascension, like other healthcare organizations, periodically undergoes investigations or audits by
federal, state and local agencies involving compliance with a variety of laws and regulations
arising in the ordinary course of business. These investigations generally seek to determine
compliance with, among other things, laws and regulations relating to Medicare and Medicaid
reimbursement, including billing practices for certain services. To support compliance with these
laws and regulations, Ascension maintains a compliance program designed to prevent,
proactively detect, and correct potential violations of laws and regulations.

The System is also periodically involved in litigation arising in the ordinary course of business.
While no assurance can be given concerning the outcome of any current investigation or the
related impact to consolidated financial statements, management believes that adequate reserves
have been established, where estimates of liability have been or can be reached, and that the
outcome of any current investigation and litigation is expected to be resolved without a material
adverse effect on the financial position or liquidity of the system.

The System anticipates making payments under various committed contracts as follows:
approximately $3,500,000 for information technology and other purchased services over the next
1 - 6 years, and approximately $3,900,000 for supplies over the next 3 years. Additionally, the
System has a committed contract through 2031 for revenue cycle services, for which expenses of
approximately $769,000 were incurred for the year ended June 30, 2025.

The System also guarantees the performance of certain affiliates under third party financing
arrangements at June 30, 2025 for approximately $41,000, for up to 14 years. Payments under
these commitments may not be required, depending on the performance of the affiliates.

16. Functional Expenses

Ascension provides healthcare services, including inpatient, outpatient, ambulatory, long-term
care and community-based services. Management support services include information
technology, finance and accounting, revenue cycle, public relations, human resources, legal,
supply chain, risk management, compliance, administration and other related functions.
Expenses are classified as healthcare services and management support services based on the
functional department for which they are incurred. Departmental expenses may include various
allocations of costs based on direct assignment, expenses or other methods.




                                               59
                                          Ascension

                Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
                                     (Dollars in Thousands)

16. Functional Expenses (continued)

Expenses by functional classification for the year ended June 30, 2025 consist of the following:




Expenses by functional classification for the year ended June 30, 2024 consist of the following:




                                               60
                                            Ascension

                Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
                                      (Dollars in Thousands)

17. Community Benefit (Unaudited)

The System’s community benefit is prepared in accordance with Internal Revenue Service Form
990, Schedule H and the Catholic Health Association of the United States’ (CHA) publication, A
Guide for Planning and Reporting Community Benefit. Costs incurred relate to System entities,
including, but not limited to, licensed hospital facilities. For entities sold during the years ended
June 30, 2025 and 2024, Care of persons living in poverty and other community benefit
programs included in the following table reflect the costs of community benefit through the
entities’ sale dates (See Organizational Changes note). Community benefit for the years ended
June 30, 2025 and 2024, respectively, consist of the following:




Traditional charity care provided includes the cost of services provided to persons who cannot
afford healthcare because of inadequate resources, including those who are insured or
underinsured.

Unpaid cost of public programs for persons living in poverty, excluding Medicare, represents
the unpaid cost of services provided to persons covered by public programs for persons living in
poverty and other vulnerable persons.

                                                 61
                                           Ascension

                Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
                                      (Dollars in Thousands)

17. Community Benefit (Unaudited) (continued)

Community health improvement services are carried out to improve community health and
include community health education, outreach and prevention services. These services do not
generate patient bills, although they may involve a nominal fee.

Health professions education includes educational programs for physicians, interns and
residents, medical students, nurses and nursing students, pastoral care trainees, and other health
professionals when that education is necessary to retain state licensure or certification by a board
in the individual’s health profession specialty.

Subsidized health services are clinical services provided by the System to meet an identified
community need, despite a financial loss after removing the effects of bad debt, financial
assistance, Medicaid and other means-tested government programs.

Research includes unreimbursed clinical and community health research and studies on health
care delivery, which is generalizable and shared with the public.

Financial contributions include cash contributions or grants and the cost of in-kind
contributions that support financial assistance, health professions education and other community
benefit activities. In-kind contributions include the cost of associate time and other nonmonetary
resources donated for community benefit.

Community building activities seek to address the root causes of health problems, such as
discrimination, poverty, homelessness and environmental hazards. They include programs such
as housing, economic development and environmental improvement.

Community benefit operations include the cost of assigned staff, consultants and activities of the
community benefit team, such as community assessments and program evaluations and
community benefit planning.




                                                62
Supplementary Information
                                                Ernst & Young LLP        Tel: +1 314 290 1000
                                                Suite 2600               ey.com
                                                7676 Forsyth Boulevard
                                                St. Louis, MO 63105




                         Report of Independent Auditors on Supplementary Information

The Board of Directors
Ascension Health Alliance d/b/a Ascension

Our audits were conducted for the purpose of forming an opinion on the consolidated financial
statements as a whole. The accompanying Schedules of Credit Group Financial Statements – Balance
Sheet, Credit Group Financial Statements – Statement of Operations and Changes in Net Assets, and
the related notes to the Credit Group Financial Statements are presented for purposes of additional
analysis and are not a required part of the financial statements. Such information is the responsibility
of management and was derived from and relates directly to the underlying accounting and other
records used to prepare the consolidated financial statements. The information has been subjected to
the auditing procedures applied in the audits of the consolidated financial statements and certain
additional procedures, including comparing and reconciling such information directly to the underlying
accounting and other records used to prepare the financial statements or to the financial statements
themselves, and other additional procedures in accordance with auditing standards generally accepted
in the United States of America. In our opinion, the information is fairly stated, in all material respects,
in relation to the consolidated financial statements as a whole.


                                                                                           
September 17, 2025




                                                              63
A member firm of Ernst & Young Global Limited
                                      Ascension

                          Credit Group Financial Statements
                                    Balance Sheet
                                 (Dollars in Thousands)




Continued on next page.




                                          64
                                                        Ascension

                                     Credit Group Financial Statements
                                               Balance Sheet
                                                 (Dollars in Thousands)




*Consists of variable rate demand bonds with put options that may be exercised at the option of the bondholders, with stated
repayment installments through 2038. In the event that bonds are not remarketed upon the exercise of put options for the variable
bonds, management would utilize other sources to access the necessary liquidity. Potential sources include a drawdown on the
System’s lines of credit, issuing commercial paper, and liquidating investments.




                                                              65
                                       Ascension

                           Credit Group Financial Statements
                   Statements of Operations and Changes in Net Assets
                                  (Dollars in Thousands)




Continued on next page.

                                           66
                    Ascension

        Credit Group Financial Statements
Statements of Operations and Changes in Net Assets
               (Dollars in Thousands)




                        67
                                   Ascension
                   Notes to Credit Group Financial Statements
                                 (Dollars in Thousands)

1. Credit Group Financial Statements

Ascension’s Credit Group Financial Statements (CGFS), presented above as of and for the
year ended June 30, 2025, were prepared in accordance with Section 3.10(b)(2)(c) of the
Master Trust Indenture (MTI), which provides that the CGFS (1) shall include all Material
Credit Group Members, which represent obligated group members and designated affiliates
whose total net assets were equal to or greater than 90% of the consolidated net assets of the
Credit Group; (2) at the option of Ascension, as Group Representative, may include one or
more Immaterial Affiliates, which are entities whose total net assets were less than 10% of
the consolidated net assets of the Credit Group as shown on the CGFS; (3) at the option of
Ascension, as Credit Group Representative, may exclude one or more Credit Group Members
that are not Material Credit Group Members, as defined above; and (4) shall exclude all
entities that are neither Credit Group Members nor Immaterial Affiliates. Consistent with
these terms, the CGFS as of and for the year ended June 30, 2025 include the results of all
Material Credit Group Members and certain Immaterial Affiliates, and exclude the results of
certain entities which are not Material Credit Group members as well as entities that are not
Credit Group Members, such as Ascension risk entities which oversee Ascension’s
self-insurance programs.

Ascension’s CGFS are not representative of the consolidated financial position or results of
Ascension.

2. Affiliate Transactions

Amounts due to and from affiliates as presented in the Balance Sheet of the CGFS represent
intercompany transactions between 1) Material Credit Group Members and Immaterial
Affiliates (CGFS Entities) and 2) other entities that are included within the Ascension
Consolidated Financial Statements whose results have been excluded from the CGFS (Non
CGFS Entities), in accordance with Section 3.10(b)(2)(c) of the MTI as described in
Organization and Mission note. These transactions are primarily related to centralized cash
and debt functions within Ascension. Current Due from and to affiliates on the CGFS
Balance Sheet and Transfers (to) from affiliates, net in the CGFS Statement of Operations
and Changes in Net Assets primarily relate to payments made by or received from CGFS
Entities on behalf of Non CGFS Entities, as well as transfers of certain restricted assets to
Non CGFS Entities. Non-current Due from affiliates primarily represents the Non CGFS
Entities’ portion of Ascension’s long-term debt, based on internal centralized debt
agreements.
                                           68
                                  Ascension
                  Notes to Credit Group Financial Statements
                                (Dollars in Thousands)

2. Affiliate Transactions (continued)

These transactions are eliminated in consolidation within the Ascension Consolidated
Financial Statements, but separately presented within the CGFS.

Revenue and expense activities, not transacted at arms length, between CGFS Entities and
Non CGFS Entities were both approximately $1,200,000 for the year ended June 30, 2025.
These transactions include services provided between CGFS Entities and Non CGFS Entities,
including, but not limited to, shared service functions, participation in employee and
dependent health insurance programs, participation in other risk management programs,
participation in Ascension’s centralized debt management program and other insurance
services, and are included in other Operating revenue and various expense categories within
the Statement of Operations of the CGFS.




                                          69
