6-K 1 ea163256-6k_stratasysltd.htm REPORT OF FOREIGN PRIVATE ISSUER UNITED
STATES SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 FORM
6-K Report
of Foreign Private Issuer Pursuant to Rule 13a-16 or 15d-16 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 For
the month of July 2022 Commission
File Number 001-35751 STRATASYS
LTD. (Translation
of registrant’s name into English) c/o Stratasys, Inc. 7665 Commerce Way Eden Prairie, Minnesota 55344 | 1 Holtzman Street, Science Park P.O. Box 2496 Rehovot, Israel 76124
(Addresses of principal executive offices) Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant files or will file annual reports under cover of Form 20-F or Form 40-F: Form
20-F ☒ Form 40-F ☐ Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is submitting the Form 6-K in paper as permitted by Regulation S-T Rule 101(b)(1): ☐ Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is submitting the Form 6-K in paper as permitted by Regulation S-T Rule 101(b)(7): ☐ CONTENTS Adoption
of Rights Plan On July 24, 2022, the Board of Directors (the “ Board ”)
of Stratasy Ltd., a company incorporated under the laws of the State of Israel (the “ Company ,” “ our Company ,”
“ us ,” “ we ” or “ Stratasys ”), unanimously adopted a rights plan (the “ Rights
Plan ”) to protect the interests of the Company’s shareholders. The Rights Plan (defined below), if triggered, will significantly
dilute the ownership of any Acquiring Person (as defined below). The Board believes the Rights Plan is an effective course of action for
the Board to fulfill its fiduciary duties to the Company and its shareholders and to enable shareholders to realize the long-term value
of their investment. The Rights Plan was adopted following a careful evaluation and consultation with the Company’s external legal
advisors. The adoption of the Rights Plan is not intended
to prevent or interfere with any action with respect to Stratasys that the Board determines to be in the best interests of the Company
and its shareholders. Instead, it will position the Board to fulfill its fiduciary duties on behalf of all shareholders by ensuring that
the Board has sufficient time to make informed judgments about any attempts to control or significantly influence Stratasys. The Rights
Plan will encourage anyone seeking to gain a significant interest in Stratasys to negotiate directly with the Board prior to attempting
to control or significantly influence the Company. Further to those goals, the Rights (as defined below) may cause substantial dilution
to a person or group that acquires 15% or more of the ordinary shares, par value NIS 0.01, of the Company (“ Ordinary Shares ”)
or any existing holder of 15% or more of the Ordinary Shares who shall acquire any additional Ordinary Shares. We
provide a summary of the terms of the Rights Plan below. The below description is only a summary, and is not complete, and should be
read together with the entire Rights Agreement (as defined below) (which includes as Exhibit A thereto, the Form of Right Certificate,
and as Exhibit B thereto, the Form of Summary of Rights), a copy of which has been furnished as Exhibit 4.1 to this Report
of Foreign Private Issuer on Form 6-K (“ Form 6-K ”). Summary
of the Rights Plan Rights
and Rights Agreement The Board has authorized, pursuant to the Rights
Plan, (i) the issuance, on August 4, 2022, of one special purchase right (a “ Right ”) for each Ordinary Share outstanding
at the Close of Business on August 4, 2022 (the “ Record Date ”), as well as (ii) the issuance of one Right for each
Ordinary Share issued after the Record Date and prior to the earliest of the Issuance Date, the Redemption Date and the Expiration Date
(as defined below) (including Ordinary Shares issued pursuant to the exercise, conversion or settlement of securities exercisable for,
convertible into or that may be settled for, Ordinary Shares or rights, in each case, issued or granted prior to, and outstanding as of,
the Issuance Date). Each Right will represent the right to purchase one (1) Ordinary Share, at the price of $0.01 per share, upon the
terms and subject to the conditions described below. The
Rights will be issued pursuant to a Rights Agreement, dated as of July 25, 2022 (the “ Rights Agreement ”), between
the Company and Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company, as rights agent (the “ Rights Agent ”). Capitalized
terms used in this Form 6-K but not otherwise defined herein have the meanings given to them in the Rights Agreement. Each Right will
allow its holder to purchase from the Company one (1) Ordinary Share, at a purchase price of $0.01 per Ordinary Share, once the Rights
become exercisable. Prior to exercise, each Right does not give its holder any dividend, voting, liquidation or other rights as a shareholder
of Stratasys. Exercise
Period; Rights Certificates The
Rights will not be exercisable until the earlier of: (a) the Close of Business on the tenth (10 th ) day after the public announcement
or public disclosure that a person or group has become an “Acquiring Person” by obtaining beneficial ownership of 15% or
more of the Company’s outstanding Ordinary Shares (subject to the parameters and exceptions described below and in the Rights Agreement,
an “ Acquiring Person ”), except if such person or group has become an Acquiring Person pursuant to an offer approved
by the majority of the Board; or (b) the Close of Business on the tenth (10 th ) Business Day (or a later date determined by
the Board before any person or group becomes an Acquiring Person) after a person or group begins a tender or exchange offer (except if
such person or group has become an Acquiring Person pursuant to an offer approved by the majority of the Board) which, if completed,
would result in that person or group becoming an Acquiring Person. The earlier of such dates, upon which the Rights become exercisable,
is referred to as the “ Issuance Date ”. 1 If
a Person’s beneficial ownership of the then-outstanding Ordinary Shares as of the time of the public announcement of the Rights
Plan is at or above 15% (including through entry into certain derivative positions), that person or group’s then-existing ownership
percentage would be grandfathered and would not trigger the exercisability of the Rights, as that Person will not be deemed to be an
Acquiring Person. However, the Rights would become exercisable (and such Person will be deemed to be an Acquiring Person) if at any time
after such announcement, that shareholder increases its ownership percentage to an amount equal to or greater than the greater of (1)
15% and (2) the sum of (I) the lowest number of Ordinary Shares beneficially owned by such Person as a percentage of the outstanding
Ordinary Shares as of any time from and after the time of the public announcement of the declaration of the Rights and (II) 0.001%. Until the Issuance Date, the balances in the
book-entry accounting system of the transfer agent for our Ordinary Shares or, in the case of certificated shares, Ordinary Shares certificates,
will also evidence the Rights, and any transfer of Ordinary Shares or, in the case of certificated shares, certificates for Ordinary Shares,
will constitute a transfer of Rights. After that date, the Rights will separate from the Ordinary Shares and be evidenced solely by Rights
Certificates that we will mail to all eligible holders of Ordinary Shares. Any Rights held by an Acquiring Person or any Associate or
Affiliate thereof are void and may not be exercised. In addition, in connection with the
issuance or sale of Ordinary Shares following the Issuance Date and prior to the redemption, exchange, or expiration of the Rights,
the Company (a) shall, with respect to Ordinary Shares so issued or sold pursuant to the exercise of share options or pursuant to
any other award or right under any employee benefit plan or arrangement, granted or awarded as of the Issuance Date (including, for
example, upon the vesting and settlement of the Company’s outstanding Restricted Shares Units or purchase of Ordinary Shares
under the Company’s 2021 Employee Share Purchase Plan), or upon the exercise, conversion or exchange of securities hereinafter
issued by the Company (except as may otherwise be provided in the instrument(s) governing such securities), and (b) may, in any
other case, if deemed necessary or appropriate by the Board, issue Rights Certificates representing the appropriate number of Rights
in connection with such issuance or sale; provided, however, that (i) no such Rights Certificate shall be issued if, and to the
extent that, the Company shall be advised by counsel that such issuance would create a significant risk of material adverse tax
consequences to the Company or the Person to whom such Rights Certificate would be issued, and (ii) no such Rights Certificate shall
be issued if, and to the extent that, appropriate adjustment shall otherwise have been made in lieu of the issuance thereof. Flip-In/Flip-Over If
a person or group becomes an Acquiring Person, then beginning on the Issuance Date, all holders of Rights except the Acquiring Person
or any Associate or Affiliate thereof may, for a purchase price of $0.01 per one Ordinary Share, purchase one (1) Ordinary Share. If
our Company is later acquired in a merger or similar transaction after the Issuance Date, all holders of Rights except the Acquiring
Person or any Associate or Affiliate thereof may, for a purchase price of $0.01 per share, purchase one (1) times the number of shares
of the acquiring corporation, that each shareholder of the Company is entitled for each Ordinary Share held. Scope
of “Acquiring Person” Definition An
“Acquiring Person” is any Person who or which, together with all Affiliates and Associates of such Person, shall be the Beneficial
Owner of 15% or more of the Ordinary Shares of the Company then outstanding, but shall not include the Company, any Subsidiary of the
Company, any employee benefit or share ownership plan of the Company or any Subsidiary of the Company, or any entity holding Ordinary
Shares for or pursuant to the terms of any such plan. Notwithstanding the foregoing, no Person shall become an “Acquiring Person”
as the result of an acquisition of Ordinary Shares by the Company which, by reducing the number of Ordinary Shares of the Company outstanding,
increases the proportionate number of Ordinary Shares of the Company beneficially owned by such Person to 15% or more of the Ordinary
Shares of the Company then outstanding; provided , however , that, if a Person shall become the Beneficial Owner
of 15% or more of the Ordinary Shares of the Company then outstanding by reason of share purchases by the Company and shall, after such
share purchases by the Company, become the Beneficial Owner of any additional Ordinary Shares of the Company, then such Person shall
be deemed to be an “Acquiring Person.” Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the Board determines in good faith that a Person
who would otherwise be an “Acquiring Person” has become such inadvertently, and such Person divests as promptly as practicable
a sufficient number of Ordinary Shares, so that such Person would no longer be an “Acquiring Person,” as defined pursuant
to the foregoing provisions of this paragraph, then such Person shall not be deemed to be an “Acquiring Person” for any purposes
of the Rights Agreement. The definition of Acquiring Person is furthermore subject to the “grandfathering” scenarios described
under “ Exercise Period; Rights Certificates ” above. 2 Exchange The
Board may, at its option, at any time after any Person becomes an Acquiring Person, exchange all or part of the then outstanding and
exercisable Rights (except for Rights that have become void) for Ordinary Shares at an exchange ratio of one (1) Ordinary Share per Right,
appropriately adjusted to reflect any adjustment in the number of Rights (the “ Exchange Ratio ”). However, the Board
will not be empowered to effect such exchange at any time after any Person (other than the Company, any Subsidiary of the Company, any
employee benefit or stock ownership plan of the Company or any such Subsidiary, or any entity holding Ordinary Shares for or pursuant
to the terms of any such plan), together with all Affiliates and Associates of such Person, becomes the Beneficial Owner of 50% or more
of the Ordinary Shares then outstanding. Immediately
upon the action of the Board ordering the foregoing exchange, the right to exercise the Rights that are to be exchanged will terminate
and the only right thereafter of a holder of such Rights shall be to receive that number of Ordinary Shares equal to the number of such
Rights held by such holder multiplied by the Exchange Ratio. In the event that there shall not be sufficient Ordinary Shares issued but
not outstanding or authorized but unissued to permit any exchange of Rights, the Company will take all such action as may be necessary
to authorize additional Ordinary Shares for issuance upon exchange of the Rights. Special
Tender Offer In
connection with a special tender offer that is made in accordance with the provisions of the Israeli Companies Law, 5759-1999 (the “ Companies
Law ”), the Board will consider the requirements of Section 330 of the Companies Law. Anti-Dilution
Provisions Our
Board may adjust the purchase price of Ordinary Shares under each Right, the number of Ordinary Shares issuable under each Right, and
the number of outstanding Rights to prevent dilution that may occur from a share dividend, a share split, or a reclassification of the
Ordinary Shares. No adjustments of less than 1% will be made to the purchase price under the Rights. Amendments The terms of the Rights Agreement may be amended
by our Board without the consent of the holders of the Rights. After a person or group becomes an Acquiring Person, our Board may not
amend the Rights Agreement in a way that adversely affects holders of the Rights. 3 Redemption The
Board may, at its option, at any time prior to such time that any Person becomes an Acquiring Person, redeem all
but not less than all the then outstanding Rights. The redemption of the Rights by the Board may be made effective at such time, on such
basis and with such conditions as the Board, in its sole discretion, may establish (the effective date of redemption, the “ Redemption
Date ”). Immediately upon the effectiveness of the action of the Board ordering the redemption of the Rights, and without any
further action and without any notice, the right to exercise the Rights will terminate. Expiration The
Rights will expire on July 24, 2023 (the “ Expiration Date ”). Incorporation
by Reference The
contents of this Form 6-K, including Exhibit 99.1 hereto, are incorporated by reference into the Company’s registration statements
on Form S-8, SEC file numbers 333-190963 , 333-236880 , 333-253694 , 333-262951 and 333-262952 , filed by the Company with the
Securities and Exchange Commission (the “ SEC ”) on September 3, 2013, March 4, 2020, March 1, 2021, February 24,
2022 and February 24, 2022, respectively, and Form F-3, SEC file numbers 333-251938 and 333-253780 , filed by the Company with the
SEC on January 7, 2021 and March 2, 2021, respectively, as amended, and shall be a part thereof from the date on which this Form 6-K
is furnished, to the extent not superseded by documents or reports subsequently filed or furnished. Exhibit
Index The
following exhibit is furnished as part of this Form 6-K: Exhibit | Description
4.1 | Rights Agreement, dated as of July 25, 2022 between Stratasys Ltd. and Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company, as a rights agent, which includes the Form of Right Certificate (Exhibit A) and the Form of Summary of Rights (Exhibit B)
99.1 | Press release, dated July 25, 2022, announcing adoption of a limited duration shareholder rights plan by Stratasys Ltd. 4 SIGNATURES Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by
the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. STRATASYS LTD.
Dated: July 25, 2022 | By: | /s/ Eitan Zamir
Name: | Eitan Zamir
Title: | Chief Financial Officer 5