STRATASYS LTD. UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION WASHINGTON, DC 20549 FORM 20-F (Mark One) ☐ | REGISTRATION STATEMENT PURSUANT TO SECTION 12(b) OR 12(g) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934
OR
☒ | ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934
For the fiscal year ended December 31 , 2022
OR
☐ | TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934
OR
☐ | SHELL COMPANY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 Date of event requiring this shell company report ........................................ Commission file number: 001-35751 STRATASYS LTD. (Exact name of Registrant as specified in its charter) Not Applicable (Translation of Registrant’s name into English) Israel (Jurisdiction of incorporation or Organization) 1 Table of Contents c/o Stratasys, Inc. 7665 Commerce Way Eden Prairie , Minnesota 55344 | 1 Holtzman Street , Science Park P.O. Box 2496 Rehovot , Israel 76124 (Address of Principal Executive Offices) Richard Garrity , Chief Industrial Business Unit Officer Tel: (952) 937-3000 E-mail: rich.garrity@stratasys.com 7665 Commerce Way Eden Prairie, Minnesota 55344 (Name, Telephone, E-mail and/or Facsimile number and Address of Company Contact Person) Securities registered or to be registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act. Title of each class | Trading Symbol(s) | Name of each exchange on which registered
Ordinary Shares, par value NIS 0.01 per share | SSYS | Nasdaq Global Select Market Securities registered or to be registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act. None (Title of Class) Securities for which there is a reporting obligation pursuant to Section 15(d) of the Act. None (Title of Class) Indicate the number of outstanding shares of each of the issuer’s classes of capital or common stock as of the close of the period covered by the annual report: 67,085,918 Ordinary Shares, NIS 0.01 par value, at December 31, 2022. Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes ☒ No ☐ If this report is an annual or transition report, indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Yes ☐ No ☒ Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes ☒ No ☐ Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (§232,405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). Yes ☒ No ☐ Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer or an emerging growth company. See definition of “accelerated filer,” “large accelerated filer” and “emerging growth company” in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one): Large accelerated filer ☒ | Accelerated filer ☐
Non-accelerated filer ☐ | Emerging Growth Company ☐ 1 Table of Contents If an emerging growth company that prepares its
financial statements in accordance with U.S. GAAP, indicate by check mark if
the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for
complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards† provided
pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. ☐ † The term “new or revised financial accounting
standard” refers to any update issued by the Financial Accounting Standards
Board to its Accounting Standards Codification after April 5, 2012. Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has
filed a report on and attestation to its management’s assessment of the
effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section
404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public
accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. ☒ Indicate by check mark which basis of accounting the registrant has used to prepare the financial statements included in this filing: U.S. GAAP ☒ | International Financial Reporting Standards as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board ☐ | Other ☐ If “Other” has been checked in response to the previous question, indicate by check mark which financial statement item the registrant has elected to follow. Item 17 ☐ Item 18 ☐ If this is an annual report, indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes ☐ No ☒ 1 Table of Contents TABLE OF CONTENTS Page
TABLE OF CONTENTS
CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS | 1
USE OF TRADE NAMES | 3
CERTAIN TERMS AND CONVENTIONS | 3
PART I
ITEM 1. IDENTITY OF DIRECTORS, SENIOR MANAGEMENT AND ADVISERS. | 4
ITEM 2. OFFER STATISTICS AND EXPECTED TIMETABLE. | 4
ITEM 3. KEY INFORMATION. | 4
ITEM 4. INFORMATION ON THE COMPANY. | 35
ITEM 4A. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS. | 7 2
ITEM 5. OPERATING AND FINANCIAL REVIEW AND PROSPECTS. | 7 2
ITEM 6. DIRECTORS, SENIOR MANAGEMENT AND EMPLOYEES. | 9 5
ITEM 7. MAJOR SHAREHOLDERS AND RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS. | 12 3
ITEM 8. FINANCIAL INFORMATION. | 12 6
ITEM 9. THE OFFER AND LISTING. | 12 8
ITEM 10. ADDITIONAL INFORMATION. | 12 8
ITEM 11. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK. | 13 9
ITEM 12. DESCRIPTION OF SECURITIES OTHER THAN EQUITY SECURITIES. | 14 0
PART II
ITEM 13. DEFAULTS, DIVIDEND ARREARAGES AND DELINQUENCIES. | 14 0
ITEM 14. MATERIAL MODIFICATIONS TO THE RIGHTS OF SECURITY HOLDERS AND USE OF PROCEEDS. | 14 0
ITEM 15. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES. | 14 0
ITEM 16A. AUDIT COMMITTEE FINANCIAL EXPERT. | 14 1
ITEM 16B. CODE OF ETHICS. | 14 1
ITEM 16C. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES. | 14 2
ITEM 16D. EXEMPTIONS FROM THE LISTING STANDARDS FOR AUDIT COMMITTEES. | 14 3
ITEM 16E. PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES BY THE ISSUER AND AFFILIATED PURCHASERS. | 14 3
ITEM 16F. CHANGE IN REGISTRANT’S CERTIFYING ACCOUNTANT. | 14 3
ITEM 16G. CORPORATE GOVERNANCE. | 14 3
ITEM 16H. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURE. | 14 3
ITEM 16I. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS. | 143
PART III
ITEM 17. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS. | 14 4
ITEM 18. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS. | 14 4
ITEM 19. EXHIBITS. | 14 5
SIGNATURES. | 147 2 Table of Contents CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS Certain information included or incorporated by reference in this annual report may be deemed to be “forward-looking statements” within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Forward-looking statements are often characterized by the use of forward-looking terminology such as “may,” “will,” “expect,” “anticipate,” “estimate,” “continue,” “believe,” “should,” “intend,” “project” or other similar words, but are not the only way these statements are identified. These forward-looking statements may include, but are not limited to, statements relating to our objectives, plans and strategies, statements that contain projections of results of operations or of financial condition and all statements (other than statements of historical facts) that address activities, events or developments that we intend, expect, project, believe or anticipate will or may occur in the future. Forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and are subject to risks and uncertainties. We have based these forward-looking statements on assumptions and assessments made by our management in light of their experience and their perception of historical trends, current conditions, expected future developments and other factors they believe to be appropriate. Important factors that could cause actual results, developments and business decisions to differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements include, among other things: • the extent of our success at introducing new or improved products and solutions that gain market share; • the extent of growth of the 3D printing market generally; • the global macro-economic environment,
including headwinds caused by inflation, rising interest rates, unfavorable currency exchange rates and potential recessionary conditions; • changes in our overall strategy, including
as related to any restructuring activities and our capital expenditures; • the impact of shifts in
prices or margins of the products that we sell or services we provide, including due to a shift towards lower margin
products or services; • the impact of competition and new
technologies; • impairments of goodwill or other
intangible assets in respect of companies that we acquire; • the extent of our success at efficiently and successfully integrating the operations of various
companies that we h ave acquired or may
acquire; 1 Table of Contents • the degree of our success at locating and acquiring additional value-enhancing, inorganic technology that furthers our business plan to lead in the realm of polymers; • the potential adverse impact that recent global interruptions
and delays involving freight carriers and other third
parties may have on our supply chain and distribution network and consequently, our ability to successfully sell both our
existing and newly-launched 3D printing products; • global market, political and economic conditions, and in the countries in which we operate in particular; • government regulations and approvals; • litigation and regulatory proceedings; • infringement of our intellectual property
rights by others (including for replication and sale of consumables for u se in our systems), or
infringement of others’ intellectual property rights by us; • potential cyber attacks against, or other breaches to, our information technologies systems; • the extent of our success at maintaining our liquidity and financing our operations and capital needs; • impact of tax regulations on our results of operations and financial condition; and • any additional factors referred to in Item
3.D “Key Information - Risk Factors”, Item 4 “Information on the Co mpany”, and Item 5 “Operating and Financial
Review and Prospects”, as well as in other parts of this Ann ual report. Readers are urged to carefully review and consider the various disclosures made throughout this annual report, which are designed to advise interested parties of the risks and factors that may affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. Any forward-looking statements in this annual report are made as of the date hereof, and we undertake no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as required by law. 2 Table of Contents USE OF TRADE NAMES Unless the context otherwise
indicates or requires, “Stratasys,” “PolyJet,” “J8 Series,” “J850,” “J826,”
“J750,” “J55,” “FDM,” “Fortus,” “F900,” “Fortus 450mc,” “Fortus 380mc,”
“F123 Series,” “ “F770,” “Origin,”
“Origin One,” “P 3 ,” “Stratasys Direct
Manufacturing,” “GrabCAD,” “GrabCAD Print,” “GrabCAD Shop,” “GrabCAD
Community,” “GrabCAD Workbench,” “MakerBot,” “Method,” “Method X,” MakerBot
CloudPrint,” “Thingiverse,” “Replicator,” “Digital Anatomy,” “TissueMatrix,” “GelMatrix,” “BoneMatrix,” “Neo,”
“H350,” “SAF” and all product names
and trade names used by us in this annual report are our trademarks and service
marks, which may be registered in certain jurisdictions. Although we have
sometimes omitted the “®” and “TM” trademark designations for such marks in
this annual report, all rights to such trademarks and service marks are
nevertheless reserved. Furthermore, the Stratasys Signet design logo is our
property. This annual report contains additional trade names, trademarks and
service marks of other companies. We do not intend our use or display of other
companies’ tradenames, trademarks or service marks to imply a relationship
with, or endorsement or sponsorship of us by, these other companies. CERTAIN TERMS AND CONVENTIONS In this annual report, unless the context otherwise requires: • references to “Stratasys,” “our company,” “the Company,” “the consolidated company,” “the registrant,” “we,” “us,” and “our” refer to Stratasys Ltd. (formerly known as Objet Ltd.), and its consolidated subsidiaries; • references to “Objet” generally refer to Objet Ltd. and its consolidated subsidiaries prior to the effective time of the Stratasys, Inc.- Objet Ltd. merger on December 1, 2012. We may also use “Objet” to refer to the line of products previously sold by Objet Ltd. and the related current, ongoing operations that have continued following the Stratasys, Inc.-Objet Ltd. merger. • references to “Stratasys, Inc.” generally refer to Stratasys, Inc., a Delaware corporation, and its consolidated subsidiaries prior to the effective time of the Stratasys, Inc.-Objet Ltd. merger, but sometimes (as the context requires) refer to the current, ongoing operations of our Stratasys, Inc. subsidiary; • references to “ordinary shares”, “our shares” and similar expressions refer to our Ordinary Shares, par value NIS 0.01 per share; • references to “dollars”, “U.S. dollars”, “U.S. $” and “$” are to United States Dollars; • references to “shekels” and “NIS” are to New Israeli Shekels, the Israeli currency; • references to the “articles” or “amended articles” are to our Amended and Restated Articles of Association, which became effective upon the closing of the Stratasys, Inc.- Objet Ltd. merger, as subsequently amended; • references to the “Companies Law” are to the Israeli Companies Law, 5759-1999, as amended; • references to the “Securities Act” are to the Securities Act of 1933, as amended; • references to the “Exchange Act” are to the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; • references to “Nasdaq” are to the Nasdaq Stock Market; and • references to the “SEC” are to the United States Securities and Exchange Commission. 3 Table of Contents PART I ITEM 1. IDENTITY OF DIRECTORS, SENIOR MANAGEMENT AND ADVISERS. Not applicable. ITEM 2. OFFER STATISTICS AND EXPECTED TIMETABLE. Not applicable. ITEM 3. KEY INFORMATION. A. [Reserved] B. Capitalization and Indebtedness. Not applicable. C. Reasons for the Offer and Use of Proceeds. Not applicable. D. Risk Factors. You should carefully consider the risks described
below, together with all of the other information in this annual report on Form
20-F. The risks described below are not the only risks facing us. Additional
risks and uncertainties not currently known to us or that we currently deem to
be immaterial may also materially and adversely affect our business operations.
If any of these risks actually materializes, our business, financial condition
and results of operations could suffer and the price of our shares could
decline. 4 Table of Contents Summary of Risk Factors : The following
constitutes a summary of the material risks relevant to an investment in our
company: Risks related to our business and financial condition ● | We may not succeed at introducing new or improved products and solutions that gain market share. ● | Our annual and quarterly operating results and financial condition may fluctuate. ● | Demand for our products and services may not grow as we expect. ● | The 3D printing market generally may not grow as we expect. ● | Global macro-economic trends such as inflation, rising interest rates and potential recessionary conditions, may have material adverse consequences for our operations, financial position, cash flows, and those of our customers and suppliers. ● | Declines in the prices of our products and services, or in our volume of sales, together with our relatively inflexible cost structure, may adversely affect our financial results . ● | To the extent that other companies are successful in developing or marketing consumables for use in our systems, our revenues and profits would likely be adversely affected. ● | If our product mix shifts too far into lower margin products or our revenues mix shifts significantly towards our additive manufacturing (“AM”) services business, our profitability could be reduced. ● | Competition and new technologies may cut into our market share. ● | Impairments of goodwill or other intangible assets in respect of companies that we acquire would adversely impact our results of operations for the periods in which they occur. ● | Our failure to successfully consummate acquisitions of, or investments in, new business, technologies, products or services, to integrate them into our existing company, or to realize from them expected performance, may adversely affect our financial results. ● | Our operations could suffer if we are unable to attract and retain key management, directors or other key employees. 5 Table of Contents ● | Global interruptions and delays involving freight carriers and other third parties may interfere with our supply chain and distribution network and frustrate our ability to sell our existing and new products. ● | If we do not maximize our recurring stream of revenues from the sale of consumables and service contracts, our operating results may be adversely affected. ● | Global market, political and economic conditions, and in the countries in which we operate in particular, could adversely impact our operating results. ● | Significant disruptions of our information technology systems, including management information systems for inventory management and distribution, or breaches of our data security could adversely affect our business. ● | We own a number of our manufacturing and office facilities, which may limit our ability to move those operations. 6 Table of Contents Risks related to our intellectual property ● | Infringement of our intellectual property rights by others (including for replication and sale of consumables for use in our systems), or infringement of others’ intellectual property rights by us, could lead to litigation, could necessitate a redesign of our products to avoid use of certain technology, and may have an adverse impact on our financial results. ● | If we are unable to obtain patent protection for our products or otherwise protect our intellectual property rights, our business could suffer. ● | As our patents expire, additional competitors using our technology could enter the market, which could offer competitive printers and consumables, require us to reduce our prices for our products and result in lost sales. Risks related to operations
in Israel ● | Exchange rate fluctuations between the U.S. dollar and the New Israeli Shekel (in particular), the Euro, the Yen and other non-U.S. currencies may negatively affect the earnings of our operations. ● | We are currently eligible for Israeli government tax benefits in respect of our Israeli operations. If we do not meet several conditions for receipt of those benefits, or if the Israeli government otherwise decides to eliminate those benefits, they may be terminated or reduced. Risks related to an investment in our ordinary shares ● | The market price of our ordinary shares may be subject to fluctuation, regardless of our operating results and financial condition. As a result, our shareholders could incur substantial losses. ● | We do not anticipate paying any cash dividends in the foreseeable future. 7 Table of Contents Risks related to our business and financial condition We may not be able to
introduce new 3D printers, high-performance systems and consumables acceptable
to customers or to improve the technology, software or consumables used in our
current systems in response to changing technology and end-user needs. We derive most of our revenues from the sale of
additive manufacturing systems and related consumables. The markets in which we
operate are subject to rapid and substantial innovation and technological
change, mainly driven by technological advances and end-user requirements and
preferences, as well as the emergence of new standards and practices. Our
ability to compete in these markets depends, in large part, on our success in
enhancing our existing products and developing new additive manufacturing
systems and new consumables that will address the increasingly sophisticated
and varied needs of prospective end-users, and respond to technological
advances and industry standards and practices on a cost-effective and timely
basis or otherwise gain market acceptance. In keeping with our strategic goal
of strengthening our position in polymers and in the fast-growing mass production
parts market, we acquired Origin Laboratories, Inc., or Origin, and its P3™ Programmable
PhotoPolymerization technology in December 2020, which we believe will help to
further strengthen our position in that area. In order to further expand our
polymer suite of solutions across the product life cycle, in 2021, we acquired
UK-based RP Support Ltd., or RPS, a provider of industrial stereolithography 3D
printers and solutions, and Xaar 3D Ltd., or Xaar, and its powder-based SAF™
technology, thereby accelerating our growth in production-scale 3D printing. 8 Table of Contents Even if we successfully utilize new
acquired technologies or organically developed technologies to create new
systems or enhance our existing systems, it is likely that new systems and
technologies that we develop will eventually supplant our existing systems or
that our competitors will create systems that will replace our systems. As a
result, any of our products may be rendered obsolete or uneconomical by our or
others’ technological advances. Our operating results and financial condition may fluctuate. The operating results and financial
condition of our company may fluctuate from quarter to quarter and year to year
and are likely to continue to vary due to a number of factors, many of which
will not be within our control. Particularly, during the period of COVID-19 and thereafter, we
have less visibility as to the expected movements of the global economy and,
consequently, as to the expected changes in our operating results over time. As
a result, we began analyzing our quarterly results on a
linear basis, comparing consecutive quarters with one another, in addition to comparing each
quarter with the corresponding quarter of the previous year, thereby enabling
us to track the most updated economic trends and their impact on our operating
results. After having suspended providing quarterly or annual guidance in the second quarter of 2020, we returned to providing more limited guidance in 2021 and 2022 and beyond. However , if our operating results do not meet that guidance or the expectations of securities analysts or investors, the market price of our ordinary shares will likely decline. Fluctuations in our operating results and financial condition may be due to a number of factors, including the latest global economic developments concerning inflation, interest rates
and unemployment, as well as those additional factors listed below and those identified throughout this “Risk Factors” section: • the degree of market acceptance of our products and services , particularly in the
fast-growing sector of mass production parts ; • the mix of products and services that we sell during any period; • the geographic distribution of our sales; • our responses to price competition; • long sales cycles; • unforeseen liabilities or difficulties in integrating our acquisitions or newly acquired businesses; • changes in the amount that we spend to develop, acquire or license new products, consumables, technologies or businesses; • changes in the amounts that we spend to promote our products and services; • changes in the cost of satisfying our warranty obligations and servicing our installed base of systems; • delays between our expenditures to develop and market new or enhanced systems and consumables and the generation of sales from those products; • delays in orders of our products from period to period due to outside factors, such as U.S. government shutdowns, which may delay orders by U.S. government agencies or other end-users whose business activities are heavily dependent on U.S. government agency contracts; global interruptions and delays involving freight carriers and other third parties, which may interfere with our supply chain and distribution network and frustrate our ability to sell our existing and new products; 9 Table of Contents • development of new competitive products and services by others; • difficulty in predicting sales patterns and reorder rates that may result from multi-tier distribution strategy associated with new product categories such as entry level desktop 3D printers; • impairment charges that we may be required to record in respect of our goodwill and/or other long-lived assets; • potential cyber attacks against, or other breaches to, our information technologies systems; • litigation or threats of litigation, including intellectual property claims by third parties; • changes in accounting rules and tax laws; • tax benefit that we may record due to partial or full release of valuation allowances against our deferred tax assets; • general economic and industry conditions that affect end-user demand and end-user levels of product design and manufacturing; and • changes in dollar-shekel and dollar-Euro exchange rates that affect the value of our net assets, revenues and expenditures from and/or relating to our activities carried out in those currencies; 10 Table of Contents Due to all of the foregoing factors, and the other risks discussed in this annual report, you should not rely on quarter-over-quarter and year-over-year comparisons of our operating results as an indicator of our future performance. If demand for our products
and services, or in the 3D printing market generally, does not grow as
expected, our revenues may stagnate or decline and our profitability may be
adversely affected. The commercial marketplace for prototyping
and manufacturing, which was once dominated by conventional production
technologies, is gradually adopting additive manufacturing as a new production
technology. This is true with respect to prototype development, and to a
growing extent, with respect to direct digital manufacturing, or DDM, as an
alternative to traditional manufacturing. If the commercial marketplace does
not continue to transform towards the broader acceptance of 3D printing and DDM
as alternatives for prototype development and traditional manufacturing, or if
it adopts 3D printing based on technologies other than the technologies that we
use, we may not be able to increase or sustain current or future levels of
sales of our products and related materials and services, and our results of
operations may be adversely affected as a result. Current macro-economic trends have been adversely
affecting, and could continue to adversely affect, our business, results of
operations and financial condition due to their impact on the industries in
which we and our customers operate, and due to the unknown speed, extent and
nature of the reversal of those trends. Certain global macro-economic trends that
were triggered, in large part, by the COVID-19 pandemic and the world’s
reaction to it, have been adversely impacting the global economic environment
in the post-pandemic period. Supply chain delays, initially caused by closures
during the pandemic, and rising shipping costs, which were exacerbated by the
ongoing Russian invasion of the Ukraine, have contributed towards inflationary
pressures on many goods, commodities and services globally. The infusion of
money into circulation as part of a “loose” monetary policy to encourage consumer
spending, along with historically low interest rates for an extended period of
time, which were designed to ease economic conditions during the pandemic,
further triggered upwards pressure on prices of goods, commodities and services.
The high rates of inflation globally have caused governments and central banks
to act to curb inflation, including by raising interest rates, which is
intended to temper economic activity and which, if more powerful than intended,
could trigger recessionary conditions in individual countries or regions, or
globally. These macro-economic
trends have been impacting our target markets and our results of
operations. For example, rising interest rates, which are meant
to slow down inflation, have been worsening credit/financing conditions for our
customers and adversely impacting their ability to purchase our products. In light of these uncertainties,
we continue to monitor the cost-control measures that we first implemented
in February 2020, when the COVID-19 pandemic began, some of which we have
maintained in place since that time. While we believe that we are well-positioned
to withstand the current adverse macro-economic trends, given our balance sheet
(primarily due to our cash reserves and lack of debt) and our emphasis on
operational efficiencies and execution, we continue to monitor the situation,
assessing further implications for our operations, supply chain, liquidity,
cash flow and customer orders, in an effort to mitigate potential
new adverse consequences should they arise. However, there is no
assurance that we will succeed at doing so. Current or future downturns could also have a
material adverse impact on our business partners’ stability and financial
strength. Given the uncertainties associated with these trends in the current
macro-economic environment, it is difficult to fully assess the magnitude of
their effects on our, and our business partners’, business, financial condition
and results of operations. The guidance that we provide for 2023 may
lack the degree of certainty that we once had in providing guidance, due to the
number of variables surrounding the current macro-economic environment. The trends associated with the current economic
environment may also have the effect of amplifying many of the other risks
described herein. 11 Table of Contents Declines in the prices of our products and services, or in our volume of sales, together with our relatively inflexible cost structure and increased costs of
producing and selling our products , may adversely affect our financial results. Our business is subject to price competition. Such price competition may adversely affect our ability to maintain the same degree of profitability, especially during periods of decreased demand. Decreased demand also adversely impacts the volume of our systems sales. If our business is not able to offset price reductions resulting from these pressures, or decreased volume of sales due to contractions in the market, by improved operating efficiencies and reduced expenditures, then our operating results will be adversely affected. Certain of our operating costs are fixed and cannot readily be reduced, which diminishes the positive impact of our reorganization programs on our operating results. To the extent the market for our products slows, or the 3D printing market contracts, we may be faced with excess manufacturing capacity and excess related costs that cannot readily be reduced, which will adversely impact our results of operations. The impact of rising inflation on the cost of producing and selling our products has also made it more difficult for us to maintain our profit margins and thereby also adversely impacting our results of operations. To the extent that other companies are successful in developing or marketing consumables for use in our systems, our revenues and profits would likely be adversely affected. We sell a substantial portion of the consumables used in our systems. We attempt to protect against replication of our proprietary consumables through patents and trade secrets and provide that warranties on those systems may be invalid if customers use non-genuine consumables. Other companies have developed and sold, and may continue to develop and sell, consumables that are used with our systems, which may reduce our consumables sales and impair our overall revenues and profitability. If our product mix shifts too far into lower margin products or our revenues mix shifts significantly towards our AM services business, our profitability could be reduced. Sales of certain of our existing products have higher margins than others. For instance, some of our high-end systems and related consumables yield a greater gross margin than our entry-level systems. Sales of our entry-level systems may displace sales of our other systems. If sales of our entry-level systems have the effect of reducing sales of our higher margin products, or if for any other reason, our product mix shifts too far into lower margin products, and we are not able to sufficiently reduce the engineering, production and other costs associated with those products or substantially increase the sales of those products, our profitability could be reduced. A similar negative impact on our gross margins could result due to a significant shift towards revenues generated by our AM parts service business, Stratasys Direct Manufacturing, which are characterized by lower margins relative to our products. 12 Table of Contents The markets in which we participate are competitive. Our failure to compete successfully could cause our revenues and the demand for our products to decline. We compete with a wide variety of
producers of systems that create 3D printed models, prototypes, manufacturing
aids, medical guides and end-use parts as well as producers of materials and
services for these systems, including both additive and subtractive
manufacturing methodologies, such as metal extrusion, computer-controlled
machining and manual modelin g techniques. Our principal competition currently
consists of other manufacturers of systems for prototype development and
manufacturing processes, including 3D Systems Corporation, HP, Carbon, EOS GmbH, Formlabs, Markforged and Desktop Metal
(following their acquisition of EnvisionTEC) . For our broadened AM parts and services
business, our chief competitors consist of 3D Systems, Materialise, Protolabs
and many other smaller service providers. We may face additional competition in
the future from other new entrants into the marketplace, including companies that
may have significantly greater resources than we have that may become new
market entrants or may enter through acquisition or strategic or marketing
partnerships with current competitors. Some of our current and potential competitors have longer operating histories and more extensive name recognition than we have and may also have greater financial, marketing, manufacturing, distribution and other resources than we have. Current and future competitors may be able to respond more quickly to new or emerging technologies and changes in end-user demands and to devote greater resources to the development, promotion and sale of their products than we can. Our current and potential competitors may develop and market new technologies that render our existing or future products obsolete, unmarketable or less competitive (whether from a price perspective or otherwise). We cannot assure that we will be able to maintain or enhance our current competitive position or continue to compete successfully against current and future sources of competition. If additional goodwill or other intangible assets that we have recorded become impaired, we could have to take future charges against earnings As of December 31, 2022, the carrying
value of all of our goodwill and other intangible assets was approximately $186.3 million compared to a carrying value of $217.4 million as of December
31, 2021. During the third quarter of 2020, we noted
that indicators of potential impairment existed which required an interim
goodwill impairment analysis for our Stratasys-Objet reporting unit. These
indicators included longer and deeper than expected reduction in the
business, refinement to our business focus into additional inorganic
technologies and sustained decline in our market capitalization during the
second and third quarters of 2020, all, primarily as a result of the
COVID-19 impact on the global economy and our business. As a result of those indicators, we
revisited various assumptions supporting the cash flow projections for
our Stratasys-Objet reporting unit. Based on the revised cash flow
projections, the value of the reporting unit
decreased below its carrying value, and we recorded in
the third quarter of 2020 a goodwill impairment charge of
$386.2 million, the reporting unit's entire goodwill. In addition, in the third quarter of 2020, we tested the recoverability
of our long-lived assets, including our purchased intangible assets. We
concluded that the carrying amounts of certain of our purchased intangible
assets were not recoverable. As a result, we recorded a non-cash
impairment charge of $5.3 million, in order to reduce the
carrying amounts of certain of our purchased intangible assets to their
estimated fair value. Under accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America,
or GAAP, we are required to review goodwill for impairment annually and
whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount
of goodwill may not be recoverable. Any impairment to our reporting units in
the future could result in further significant charges against our earnings and
could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. For further
information, please see Notes 7 and 8 to our consolidated financial statements
included elsewhere in this annual report. 13 Table of Contents As part of our growth strategy, we have
sought, and will continue to seek, to acquire or to make investments in other
businesses, patents, technologies, products or services. Our failure to do so
successfully (including, if applicable, to finance such acquisitions or
investments on favorable terms, to avoid
adverse financial consequences, and to realize expected results from such
acquisitions or investments) may adversely affect our financial results. As part of our growth strategy, which is focused on
polymers, we expect
to continue to regularly evaluate acquisitions or investments to expand our
suite of products and services. Even if we are able to identify a suitable
acquisition or investment, we may not be able to consummate any such
transaction if we cannot reach an agreement on favorable terms or if we lack
sufficient resources to finance the transaction on our own and cannot obtain
financing at a reasonable cost or if regulatory authorities prevent such
transaction from being consummated. If we proceed with a particular acquisition
or investment, we may have to use cash, issue new equity securities with
dilutive effects on existing shareholders, incur indebtedness, assume
contingent liabilities or amortize assets or expenses in a manner that might
have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of
operations or liquidity. Acquisitions will also require us to record certain
acquisition-related costs and other items as current period expenses, which
would have the effect of reducing our reported earnings in the period in which an
acquisition is consummated. In addition, we could also face unknown liabilities
or write-offs due to our acquisitions and investments, which could result in a
significant charge to our earnings in the period in which they occur. We will
also be required to record goodwill or other long-lived asset impairment
charges (if any) in the periods in which they occur, which could result in a
significant charge to our earnings in any such period. For further information
on our quantitative assessment for goodwill impairment we performed in 2020 and
the resulting impairments that we recorded, please see Notes 7 and 8 to our
consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this annual report. If an acquired entity or investment does not
perform as projected and in accordance with our expectations, and is not
accretive to our earnings, it may adversely impact our overall results of
operations and hurt, rather than help, our business. Our operations could suffer if we are
unable to attract and retain key management or other key employees in the Israeli
market or other markets in which we operate where competition for highly
skilled technical and other personnel is intense. Our success depends upon the continued
service and performance of our senior management and other key personnel. Our
executive team is critical to the management of our business and operations, as
well as to the development of our strategy. The loss of the services of any
members of our senior executive team could delay or prevent the successful
implementation of our strategy, or our commercialization of new applications for
our systems or other products, or could otherwise adversely affect our ability
to manage our company effectively and carry out our business plan. During
2022 we experienced some personnel changes in our management team , including the promotion
of individuals internally (including our chief financial officer, Eitan Zamir) and the hiring of
others from outside of our company . There is no assurance that if we
need to fill additional management
positions in the future, that we will be able to rapidly do so , without any adverse impact on
our operations. Our
dependence on key employees extends beyond our senior executive team, to our
highly skilled scientific, technical (including
software) and sales personnel. Our principal research and development as
well as significant elements of our general and administrative activities are
conducted at one of our two headquarters, in Israel, and we face significant
competition for suitably skilled employees in Israel. While there has been
intense competition for qualified human resources in the Israeli high-tech
industry historically (including the additive
manufacturing, or AM, industry in which we operate), the industry
experienced record growth and activity in 2021, both at the earlier stages of
venture capital and growth equity financings, and at the exit stage of initial
public offerings and mergers and acquisitions. This flurry of growth and
activity has caused an increase in job openings in both Israeli high-tech
companies and Israeli research and development centers of foreign companies,
and intensification of competition between these employers to attract qualified
employees in Israel. As a result, the high-tech industry in Israel has
experienced significant levels of employee attrition and is currently facing a
severe shortage of skilled human capital, including engineering,
research and development, software, sales and customer support personnel.
Similar shortages of key personnel also exist in the
regions surrounding our Minnesota, New York, California, Texas and Boston
facilities. Companies with which we compete for qualified personnel may have
greater resources than we do, and we may not succeed in recruiting additional
experienced or professional personnel, retaining personnel or
effectively replacing current personnel who may depart with qualified or
effective successors. If we cannot attract and retain
sufficiently qualified technical employees for our research and development
and/or product development activities (including for the software in our
products), we may be unable to achieve the synergies expected from mergers and
acquisitions that we may effect from time to time, or to develop and
commercialize new products or new applications for existing products. 14 Table of Contents In
addition, as a result of the intense competition for qualified human resources,
the Israeli high-tech and other high-tech markets have also experienced and may
continue to experience significant wage inflation. Accordingly, our
efforts to attract, retain and develop personnel may also result in significant
additional expenses, which could adversely affect our profitability. Furthermore, in making employment decisions, particularly
in the high-technology industry, job candidates often consider the value of the
equity they are to receive in connection with their employment. Employees may
be more likely to leave us if the shares they own or the shares underlying
their equity incentive awards have significantly appreciated or significantly
decreased in value. Many of our employees may receive significant proceeds from
sales of our equity in the public markets, which may reduce their motivation to
continue to work for us and could heighten the risk of employee attrition. While we utilize non-competition agreements
with our employees as a means of improving our employee retention, those
agreements may not be effective towards that goal. These agreements prohibit
our employees, if they cease working for us, from competing directly with us or
working for our competitors for a limited period. We may be unable to enforce
these agreements under Israeli law or the law of other jurisdictions, and it
may be difficult for us to restrict our competitors from benefiting from the
expertise our former employees developed while working for us. In light of the foregoing, there
can be no assurance that qualified employees will remain in our employ or that
we will be able to attract and retain qualified personnel in the future.
Failure to retain or attract qualified personnel could have a material adverse
effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Defects in new products or in enhancements to our existing products could give rise to product returns or product liability, warranty or other claims that could result in material expenses, diversion of management time and attention, and damage to our reputation. Our products are complex and may contain defects or experience failures or unsatisfactory performance due to any number of issues in design, fabrication, packaging, materials, and/or use within a system. These defects or errors could result in significant warranty, support and repair or replacement costs, cause us to lose market share and divert the attention of our engineering personnel from our product development efforts to find and correct the issue. This risk of product liability claims may also be greater due to the use of certain hazardous chemicals used in the manufacture of certain of our products. Those hazardous chemicals fall within three different categories (with several of the chemicals falling within multiple categories): irritants, harmful chemicals and chemicals dangerous for the environment. In addition, we may be subject to claims that our 3D printers have been, or may be, used to create parts that are not in compliance with legal requirements or that intellectual property posted by third parties on our GrabCAD website infringes the intellectual property rights of others. Any claim brought against us, regardless of its merit, could result in material expense, diversion of management time and attention, and damage to our reputation, and could cause us to fail to retain existing end-users or to attract new end-users. Although we maintain product liability insurance, such insurance is subject to significant deductibles and there is no guarantee that such insurance will be available or adequate to protect against all such claims, or we may elect to self-insure with respect to certain matters. Costs or payments made in connection with warranty and product liability claims and product recalls or other claims could materially affect our financial condition and results of operations. Our sales of end-use parts to customers in
the aerospace, medical , dental and automotive industries, and of 3D printing systems to
customers in the aerospace industry, carry with them a greater potential for liability
claims against us. Our manufacturing services business, Stratasys Direct
Manufacturing, produces parts used as prototypes, benchmarks, and end-use
parts. In the case of end-use parts, our sales to customers in the aerospace,
medical , dental and automotive industries, in particular, makes us more susceptible to
product and other liability claims, which characterize operations in those
industries. Sales of our 3D printing systems to customers in the aerospace
industry similarly carry with them potential liability claims if the parts
produced by those systems do not function properly. Any such claims that are
not adequately covered by insurance or for which insurance is not available may
adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. 15 Table of Contents If our relationships with suppliers for our products and services, especially with single source suppliers of components of our products, were to terminate or our manufacturing arrangements were to be disrupted, our business could be interrupted. We purchase components and sub-assemblies
for our systems, raw materials that are used in our consumables, and AM
systems, component parts and raw materials for our Stratasys Direct
Manufacturing services business, from third-party suppliers, some of whom may
compete with us. While there are several potential suppliers of most of these
component parts, sub-assemblies and raw materials that we use, we currently
choose to use only one or a limited number of suppliers for several of these
components and materials. Furthermore, the suppliers of AM systems and
materials used in our Stratasys Direct
Manufacturing parts service may refuse to sell us additional AM
systems or component parts and materials for AM systems that our Stratasys Direct
Manufacturing service
uses. Our reliance on a single or limited number of vendors involves a number
of risks, including: • potential shortages of some key components; • product performance shortfalls, if traceable to particular product components, since the supplier of the faulty component cannot readily be replaced; • discontinuation of a product or certain materials on which we rely; • potential insolvency of these vendors; and • reduced control over delivery schedules, manufacturing capabilities, quality and costs. In addition, we require any
new supplier to become “qualified” pursuant to our internal procedures. The
qualification process involves evaluations of varying durations, which may
cause production delays if we were required to qualify a new supplier
unexpectedly. We generally assemble our systems and parts based on our internal
forecasts and the availability of raw materials, assemblies, components and
finished goods that are supplied to us by third parties, which are subject to
various lead times. If certain suppliers were to decide to discontinue production
of an assembly, component or raw material that we use, the unanticipated change
in the availability of supplies, or unanticipated supply limitations, could
cause delays in, or loss of, sales, increased production or related costs and
consequently reduced margins, and damage to our reputation. If we were unable
to find a suitable supplier for a particular component, material or compound,
we could be required to modify our existing products or the end-parts that we
offer to accommodate substitute components, material or compounds. While we
have introduced periodic risk analysis internally concerning our sourcing
(particularly concerning raw materials), which has increased the levels of our
inventories, there is no guarantee that will sufficiently protect us if we
suddenly lose access to supplies unexpectedly. In particular, we rely on a sole supplier,
Ricoh Printing Systems America, Inc., or Ricoh, for the printer heads for our
PolyJet 3D printers. Under the terms of our agreement with Ricoh, we purchase
printer heads and associated electronic components, and receive a
non-transferable, non-exclusive right to assemble, use and sell these purchased
products under Ricoh’s patent rights and trade secrets. Due to the risk of a
discontinuation of the supply of Ricoh printer heads and other key components
of our products, we maintain excess inventory of those printer heads and other
components. However, if our forecasts exceed actual orders, we may hold large
inventories of slow-moving or unusable parts or raw materials, which could
result in inventory write offs or write downs and have an adverse effect on our
cash flow, profitability and results of operations. See “Item 4. Information on
the Company-Business Overview-Manufacturing and Suppliers-Inventory and Suppliers-Ricoh
Agreement” for further discussion of this agreement. 16 Table of Contents Discontinuation of operations at our manufacturing sites could prevent us from timely filling customer orders and could lead to unforeseen costs for us. We assemble and test the systems that we
sell, and, in many cases, produce consumables for our systems, at single
facilities in various locations that are specifically dedicated to separate
categories of systems and consumables. We similarly rely on a single facility for
assembly of the component parts and materials for AM systems that our Stratasys Direct
Manufacturing service uses. Because of our reliance on all of these production facilities, a
disruption at any of those facilities could materially damage our ability to
supply 3D printers, other systems or consumable materials to the marketplace in
a timely manner. Depending on the cause of the disruption, we could also incur
significant costs to remedy the disruption and resume product shipments. Such
disruptions may be caused by, among other factors, earthquakes, fire, flood and
other natural disasters. While we plan to adopt an extensive disaster recovery
plan in the near future, there are no assurances that will adequately protect
us from any significant disruptions at our manufacturing sites. Accordingly,
any such disruption could result in a material adverse effect on our revenue,
results of operations and earnings, and could also potentially damage our
reputation. A loss of, or reduction in revenues from, a significant number of our resellers and our independent sales agents would impair our ability to sell our products and services and could reduce our revenues and adversely impact our operating results. We rely heavily on our network of
resellers and independent sales agents to sell and (in the case of resellers)
to service our products for end-users in their respective geographic regions.
These resellers and sales agents may not be as effective in selling our
products or servicing our end-users as we are. Further, if our relationships
with a significant number of these resellers and sales agents were to be
terminated or if a significant number of these resellers and sales agents would
otherwise fail or refuse to sell our products, we may not be able to find
replacements that are as qualified or as successful in a timely manner, if at
all. If these resellers and independent sales agents do not perform as
anticipated or if we are unable to find qualified and successful replacements,
our sales will suffer, which would have an adverse effect on our revenues and
operating results. Additionally, a default by one or more resellers that have a
significant receivables balance could have an adverse financial impact on our
financial results. Global
interruptions and delays involving freight carriers
and other third parties has adversely impacted,
and may continue to adversely impact our supply chain and
distribution network, and, consequently, frustrate our
ability to sell our 3D printing systems, especially those systems that are based
on newly acquired technologies that we have recently launched. Circumstances surrounding and related to the COVID-19 pandemic
have triggered unprecedented disruptions in global supply chains. Our business
relies on an efficient and effective supply chain, including delivery of raw
materials and parts for our 3D printing systems, and the manufacture and
transport of those systems to resellers or end-users (as applicable).
Impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic have placed strains on international supply
chains that have negatively affected, and may continue to negatively affect the flow or availability of our products and may
result in higher out-of-stock inventory positions due to difficulties in timely
obtaining raw materials and parts from our suppliers, as well as transportation
of our products after manufacture to our distribution destinations. Further, as
a result of these delays, we may need to source raw materials and parts from
different geographic locations or manufacturers, which could result in, among
other things, higher product costs, increased transportation costs, delays in sales
of our products or lower quality of our products. The adverse impact of these irregularities
in our supply chain on our ability to distribute our 3D printing systems may be
most acute for systems that are based on our three recently-acquired
technologies, where we have just recently implemented our distribution
channels. Our launch of these new technologies and related products during this
period of interrupted supply chains may furthermore impose an enhanced burden
on our capacity to meet our customers’ demand. Additionally, the operation of our manufacturing facilities, where
our 3D printing systems are assembled, is crucial to our business operations.
If our manufacturing facilities experience closures or worker shortages (due to
COVID-19 or otherwise) , whether temporary or sustained, we could sustain significant adverse
impacts related to the distribution of our products to their destinations,
whether to resellers or end-users (as applicable). Any of these circumstances could adversely affect our ability to
deliver our 3D printing systems in a timely manner, which could impair our
ability to meet customer demand for products and result in lost sales and services
revenues, increased supply chain costs, and, potentially, damage to our
reputation. 17 Table of Contents Our business model is predicated in part on building an end-user base that will generate a recurring stream of revenues through the sale of our consumables and service contracts. If that recurring stream of revenues does not develop as expected, or if our business model changes as the industry evolves, our operating results may be adversely affected. Our business model is dependent in part on
our ability to maintain and increase sales of our proprietary consumables and
service contracts as they generate recurring revenues. Existing and future
end-users of our systems may not purchase our consumables or related service
contracts at the same rate at which end-users currently purchase those
consumables and services. In addition, our entry-level systems generally use a
lower volume of consumables relative to our higher end systems. If our current
and future end-users purchase a lower volume of our consumables or service
contracts, or if our entry level systems represent an increasing percentage of
our future installed base mix uses less consumables than our current installed
base, our recurring revenue stream relative to our total revenues would be
reduced, and our operating results would be adversely affected. Global economic, political and social conditions may adversely impact our sales. Uncertainty with respect to the global
economy, difficulties in the financial services sector and credit markets,
geopolitical uncertainties and other macroeconomic factors all affect spending
behavior of potential end-users of our products and services. The uncertain
prospects for economic growth in some of the regions in which we sell our
products may cause end-users to delay or reduce technology purchases. We also
face risks that may arise from financial difficulties experienced by our
end-users, suppliers and distributors, which may be exacerbated by continued
uncertainty in the global economy or by other geopolitical factors, including: • increased interest
rates in many countries and regions throughout the
world, including the regions where our customers are located; • supply
chain disruptions, which have slowed the delivery of raw materials, and which have
increased the price of certain materials due to the significant increase in
costs of raw materials and shipping costs; • the possibility of an ongoing U.S.- China trade war may impact the cost of raw materials, finished products or components used in our products, and our ability to sell our products in China; • t hreats of massive cyber attacks that could cause severe economic damage; • extended U.S. federal government shutdowns (resulting from the failure to pass budget appropriations or adopt continuing funding resolutions) may delay orders of our products by U.S. government agencies or other end-users whose business activities are heavily dependent on U.S. government agency contracts; • end-user demand for products and manufacturing activity levels may be reduced; • distributors and end-users may be unable to obtain credit financing to finance purchases of our products; • suppliers may be unable to obtain credit financing to finance purchases of sub-assemblies used to build components of products or purchases of raw materials to produce consumables; • end-users or distributors may face financial difficulties or may become insolvent, which could lead to our inability to obtain payment for our products; and • key suppliers of raw materials, finished products or components used in our products and consumables may face financial difficulties or may become insolvent, which could lead to disruption in the supply of systems, consumables or spare parts to our end-users. Our existing and planned international operations currently expose us and will continue to expose us to additional market and operational risks, and failure to manage these risks may adversely affect our business and operating results. We expect to derive a substantial percentage of our sales from international markets. We derived 36. 2% of our revenues in 2022 from countries outside the Americas. Accordingly, we face significant operational risks from doing business internationally, including: • fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates; 18 Table of Contents • potentially longer sales and payment cycles; • potentially greater difficulties in collecting accounts receivable; • potentially adverse tax consequences; • reduced protection of intellectual property rights in certain countries, particularly in Asia and South America; • difficulties in staffing and managing foreign operations; • laws and business practices favoring local competition; • costs and difficulties of customizing products for foreign countries; • compliance with a wide variety of complex foreign laws, treaties and regulations; • tariffs, trade barriers and other regulatory or contractual limitations on our ability to sell or develop our products in certain foreign markets; and • being subject to the laws, regulations and the court systems of many jurisdictions. Our failure to manage the market and operational risks associated with our international operations effectively could limit the future growth of our business and adversely affect our operating results. 19 Table of Contents Significant disruptions of
our information technology systems or breaches of our data security could
adversely affect our business. A significant invasion,
interruption, destruction or breakdown of our information technology, or IT,
systems and/or infrastructure by persons with authorized or unauthorized access
could negatively impact our business and operations. We could also experience
business interruption, information theft and/or reputational damage from cyber
attacks, which may compromise our systems and lead to data leakage either
internally or at our third party providers. Both data that has been inputted
into our main IT platform, which covers records of transactions, financial data
and other data reflected in our results of operations, as well as data related
to our proprietary rights (such as research and development, and other
intellectual property- related data), are subject to material cyber security
risks. Our IT systems have been, and are expected to continue to be, the target
of malware and other cyber attacks. To date, we are not aware that we have
experienced any loss of, or disruption to, material information as a result of
any such malware or cyber attack. We have invested in advanced protective
systems to reduce these risks, some of which have been installed and others
that are still in the process of installation. Based on information provided to
us by the suppliers of our protective systems, we believe that our level of
protection is in keeping with the customary practices of peer technology
companies. We also maintain back-up files for much of our information, as a
means of assuring that a breach or cyber attack does not necessarily cause the
loss of that information. We furthermore review our protections and remedial
measures periodically in order to ensure that they are adequate. Despite these protective systems and
remedial measures, techniques used to obtain unauthorized access are constantly
changing, are becoming increasingly more sophisticated and often are not
recognized until after an exploitation of information has occurred. We may be
unable to anticipate these techniques or implement sufficient preventative
measures, and we therefore cannot assure you that our preventative measures
will be successful in preventing compromise and/or disruption of our
information technology systems and related data. We furthermore cannot be
certain that our remedial measures will fully mitigate the adverse financial
consequences of any cyber attack or incident. We are subject to environmental laws and export control laws due to the import and export of our products, as well as environmental, health , safety and medical device laws and regulations related to our operations and the use of our systems and materials, including requirements
imposed due to use of our products by our customers, which could subject us to
compliance costs and/or potential liability in the event of non-compliance. The export of our products internationally subjects us to environmental laws and regulations concerning the import and export of chemicals and hazardous substances such as the United States Toxic Substances Control Act, or TSCA, and the Registration, Evaluation, Authorization and Restriction of Chemical Substances, or REACH. These laws and regulations require the testing and registration of some chemicals that we ship along with, or that form a part of, our systems and other products. If we fail to comply with these or similar laws and regulations, we may be required to make significant expenditures to reformulate the chemicals that we use in our products and materials or incur costs to register such chemicals to gain and/or regain compliance. Additionally, we could be subject to significant fines or other civil and criminal penalties should we not achieve such compliance. The export of our products is also subject to several export regulations, including
but not limited to the United States . Export Administration
Regulations, the United States International Traffic in Arms Regulations, the
United States Arms Export Control Act and regulations and
orders administered by the United States Treasury Department’s Office of Foreign
Assets Control (which we refer to collectively as Export/Import Laws). Our
products are governed by civil controls, but failure to comply with these
Export/Import Laws may potentially lead to the imposition of greater restrictions on our ability to export those products and penalties if we fail to comply with our restrictions. 20 Table of Contents We are furthermore subject to extensive environmental, health and safety laws, regulations and permitting requirements in multiple jurisdictions due to our use of chemicals and production of waste materials as part of our operations and in connection with the operation of our systems by our customers. In certain cases, the
required compliance with health or safety regulations is imposed by our customers
themselves. These laws, regulations and requirements (which include the Directive on Waste Electrical and Electronic Equipment of the European Union (EU) and the EU Directive on Restriction of Use of Certain Hazardous Substances) govern, among other things, the generation, use, storage, registration, handling and disposal of chemicals and waste materials, the presence of specified substances in electrical products, the emission and discharge of hazardous materials into the ground, air or water, the cleanup of contaminated sites, including any contamination that results from spills due to our failure to properly dispose of chemicals and other waste materials and the health and safety of our employees. Under these laws, regulations and requirements, we could also be subject to liability for improper disposal of chemicals and waste materials, including those resulting from the use of our systems and accompanying materials by end-users. These or future laws and regulations could potentially require the expenditure of significant amounts for compliance and/or remediation. If our operations fail to comply with such laws or regulations, we may be subject to fines and other civil, administrative or criminal sanctions, including the revocation of permits and licenses necessary to continue our business activities. In addition, we may be required to pay damages or civil judgments in respect of third-party claims, including those relating to personal injury (including exposure to hazardous substances that we generate, use, store, handle, transport, manufacture or dispose of), property damage or contribution claims. Some environmental laws allow for strict, joint and several liabilities for remediation costs, regardless of fault. We may be identified as a potentially responsible party under such laws. Effective as of
February 2023, we are also subject to medical device regulations, such as the U.S. FDA Code of Federal Regulations, as a
result of our launch of our first certified medical device with TrueDent resin
in the United States. If we fail to comply with any such regulations or
are subject to related liability, such developments could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. As a public company with significant operations in several countries, we are subject to regulation and must comply with reporting, privacy and other requirements in a number of jurisdictions and, to the extent that regulatory authorities assert that we are not in compliance, we could be subject to sanctions which, if material, could materially and adversely affect our business. As a public company with significant operations in Israel, the United States, Europe and many other countries, we are subject to regulation and must comply with reporting and other requirements in a number of jurisdictions. In particular, we are subject to the rules and regulations of the SEC and FINRA, which may elect from time to time to review or investigate our operations, various aspects of our financial statements, our disclosure practices and other matters. As such reviews progress, the regulating agencies may determine that we are and have been in compliance with applicable rules, or they may determine to pursue enforcement actions or other sanctions against us for alleged noncompliance. New privacy laws are also beginning to impose on our company increased compliance costs. Our California operations are now subject to the California Consumer Privacy Act, or CCPA, a statute that went into effect on January 1, 2020. The CCPA imposes enhanced disclosure requirements for us vis-à-vis our interactions with customers that are residents of California, such as comprehensive privacy notices for consumers when we or our agents collect their personal information. We may be further required to ensure third party compliance, as under the CCPA we could be liable if third parties that collect, process or retain personal information on our behalf violate the CCPA’s privacy requirements. The sanctions for non-compliance could include fines and/or civil lawsuits. In addition to the imposition of U.S.-based regulations on our operations, our European activities are subject to the European Union General Data Protection Regulation, or GDPR, which has created additional compliance requirements for us. GDPR broadens the scope of personal privacy laws to protect the rights of European Union citizens and requires organizations to report on data breaches within 72 hours and be bound by stringent rules for obtaining the consent of individuals on how their data can be used. GDPR became enforceable on May 25, 2018, and non-compliance exposes entities such as our company to significant fines or other regulatory claims. While we have invested in, and intend to continue to invest in, reasonably necessary resources to comply with these new privacy standards (both in Europe and in California), to the extent that we fail to adequately comply, that failure could have an adverse effect on our business, financial conditions, results of operations and cash flows. 21 Table of Contents Failure to comply with the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act or other applicable anti-corruption legislation could result in fines, criminal penalties and an adverse effect on our business. We operate in a number of countries throughout the world, including countries known to have a reputation for corruption. We are committed to doing business in accordance with applicable anti-corruption laws. We are subject, however, to the risk that our affiliated entities or our and our affiliates’ respective officers, directors, employees and agents (including distributors of our products) may take action determined to be in violation of such anti-corruption laws, including the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977 and the U.K. Bribery Act of 2010, as well as trade sanctions administered by the Office of Foreign Assets Control and the U.S. Department of Commerce. Any violation by any of these persons could result in substantial fines, sanctions, civil and/or criminal penalties, or curtailment of operations in certain jurisdictions, and might adversely affect our results of operations. In addition, actual or alleged violations could damage our reputation and ability to do business. We own a number of our manufacturing and office facilities, which may limit our ability to move those operations. If we were to move some or all of those operations, we could incur unforeseen charges. We own buildings in Eden Prairie, Minnesota, which we use to conduct our FDM manufacturing and assembly operations, as well as our office facility in Rehovot, Israel and manufacturing facility in Kiryat Gat, Israel. Ownership of these buildings and facilities may adversely affect our ability to move some or all of those operations to other locations that may be more favorable. If we were to move any of those operations to other locations, we may have difficulty selling or leasing the property that we vacate. This risk also applies to the facilities that we lease under non-cancellable lease agreements, where we cannot freely vacate the facilities. In
order to combat these risks, we have limited our commitment under our
leases by providing ourselves with a “break” option after three years or less.
In most of our leases we have also obtained for ourselves the right to sublease
a portion or all of the facilities under the lease. These limitations on our ability to move could result in an impairment charge, as occurred in the prior periods in respect of some of our leased facilities, which negatively impacted our results of operations, and could, in future periods, once again have an adverse effect on our results of operations. Default in payment by one or more resellers or customers from which we have large account receivable balances could adversely impact our results of operations and financial condition. From time to time, our accounts receivable balances have been concentrated with certain resellers or customers. Default by one or more of these resellers or customers could result in a significant charge against our current reported earnings. We have reviewed our policies that govern credit and collections, and will continue to monitor them in light of current payment status and economic conditions. In addition, we try to reduce the credit exposures of our accounts receivable by credit limits and credit insurance for many of our customers. However, there can be no assurance that our efforts to identify potential credit risks will be successful. Our inability to timely identify resellers and customers that are credit risks could result in defaults at a time when such resellers or customers have high accounts receivable balances with us. Any such default would result in a significant charge against our earnings and adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. We are, and have been in the recent past, subject to litigation. Any current or future lawsuits to which we are subject may have a significant adverse effect on our financial condition or profitability. We are currently, and have been in the recent past, subject to litigation, and could be subject to further litigation in the future. We can provide no assurance
as to the outcome of any future lawsuits, and any such actions may result in
judgments against us for significant damages. Resolution of any such matters
can be prolonged and costly, and the ultimate results or judgments are
uncertain due to the inherent uncertainty in litigation and other proceedings.
Moreover, our potential liabilities are subject to change over time due to new
developments, changes in settlement strategy or the impact of evidentiary
requirements. Regardless of the outcome, litigation has resulted in the past,
and may result in the future, in significant legal expenses and require
significant attention and resources of management. As a result, any present or
future litigation could result in losses, damages and expenses that have a
significant adverse effect on our financial condition or profitability. 22 Table of Contents Under applicable employment laws, we may not be able to enforce covenants not to compete and therefore may be unable to prevent our competitors from benefiting from the expertise of some of our former employees. We
generally enter into non-competition agreements with our employees. These
agreements prohibit our employees from competing directly with us or working
for our competitors or clients for a limited period after they cease working
for us. We may be unable to enforce these agreements under the laws of the
jurisdictions in which our employees work and it may be difficult for us to
restrict our competitors from benefiting from the expertise that our former
employees or consultants developed while working for us. For example, Israeli
courts have required employers seeking to enforce non-compete undertakings of a
former employee to demonstrate that the competitive activities of the former
employee will harm one of a limited number of material interests of the
employer that have been recognized by the courts, such as the secrecy of a
company’s confidential commercial information or the protection of its
intellectual property. If we cannot demonstrate that such interests will be
harmed, we may be unable to prevent our competitors from benefiting from the
expertise of our former employees or consultants and our ability to remain
competitive may be diminished. In addition in California, where many employees
of our Stratasys Direct Manufacturing parts service as well as Origin's employees, are located,
non-competition agreements with employees are generally unenforceable after
termination of employment. We rely on our management
information systems for inventory management, distribution, and other key functions.
If our information systems fail to adequately perform these functions, or if we
experience an interruption in their operation, our business and operating
results could be adversely affected. The efficient operation of our business is
dependent on our management information systems. We rely on our management
information systems: to, among other things, effectively manage our accounting
and financial functions, including maintaining our internal controls; to manage
our manufacturing and supply chain processes; and to maintain our research and
development data. The failure of our management information systems to perform
properly could disrupt our business and product development, which may result
in decreased sales, increased overhead costs, excess or obsolete inventory, and
product shortages, causing our business and operating results to suffer.
Although we take steps to secure our management information systems, including
our computer systems, intranet and internet sites, email and other
telecommunications and data networks, the security measures we have implemented
may not be effective and our systems may be vulnerable to theft, loss, damage
and interruption from a number of potential sources and events, including
unauthorized access or security breaches, natural or man-made disasters (such
as floods or earthquakes), cyber-attacks, computer viruses, power loss, or
other disruptive events. Our reputation, brand, and financial condition could
be adversely affected if, as a result of a significant cyber event or
otherwise, our operations are disrupted or shut down; our confidential,
proprietary information is stolen or disclosed; we incur costs or are required
to pay fines in connection with stolen customer, employee, or other
confidential information; we must dedicate significant resources to system
repairs or increase cyber security protection; or we otherwise incur
significant litigation or other costs. 23 Table of Contents Risks related to our intellectual property If we are unable to obtain patent
protection for our products or otherwise protect our intellectual property
rights, our business could suffer. We rely on a combination of patent and
trademark laws in the United States and other countries, trade secret
protection, confidentiality agreements and other contractual arrangements with
our employees, end-users and others to maintain our competitive position. In
particular, our success depends, in part, on our ability, and the ability of
our licensors, to obtain patent protection for our and their products,
technologies and inventions, maintain the confidentiality of our and their
trade secrets and know-how, operate without infringing upon the proprietary
rights of others and prevent others from infringing upon our and their
proprietary rights. As we acquire additional companies and their technologies,
such as Origin and its P 3 technology,
acquired in December 2020, RPS and its stereolithography technology, acquired
in February 2021, and Xaar and its powder-based SAF technology, acquired fully
in November 2021, the risks related to potential infringement of our
proprietary rights in technology become more pronounced. Despite our efforts to protect our
proprietary rights, it is possible that competitors or other unauthorized third
parties may obtain, copy, use or disclose our technologies, inventions,
processes or improvements. We cannot assure you that any of our existing or
future patents or other intellectual property rights will not be challenged,
invalidated or circumvented, or will otherwise provide us with meaningful
protection. Our pending patent applications may not be granted, and we may not
be able to obtain foreign patents or pending applications corresponding to our
U.S. patents. The laws of certain countries, such as China, may not provide the
same level of patent protection and intellectual property right enforcement as
in the United States, so even if we enforce our intellectual property rights or
obtain additional patents in China or elsewhere outside of the United States,
enforcement of such rights may not be effective. If our patents and other
intellectual property do not adequately protect our technology, our competitors
may be able to offer additive manufacturing systems, consumables or other
products similar to ours. Our competitors may also be able to develop similar
technology independently or design around our patents, and we may not be able
to detect the unauthorized use of our proprietary technology or take appropriate
steps to prevent such use. If we attempt enforcement of our
intellectual property rights, we may be (as we have been in the past) subject
or party to claims, negotiations or complex, protracted litigation.
Intellectual property disputes and litigation, regardless of merit, can be
costly and disruptive to our business operations by diverting attention and
energies of management and key technical personnel, and by increasing our costs
of doing business. Any of the foregoing could adversely affect our operating
results. We may be subject to claims that we are
infringing, misappropriating or otherwise violating the intellectual property
rights of others, especially in light of the heightened pace of adoption of new
technologies in our industry and the multiple additional technologies that we
have been acquiring. Our products and technology, including technology
that we acquire as a result of our ongoing acquisitions of other businesses and
technology that we license from others, about which we may be less
knowledgeable that our organically developed technology, may infringe,
misappropriate or otherwise violate the intellectual property rights of third
parties. This risk is especially relevant to our industry, where the pace of
innovation and adoption of new technologies by industry players has been
accelerated in recent years. Patent applications in the United States and most
other countries are confidential for a period of time until they are published,
and the publication of discoveries in scientific or patent literature typically
lags actual discoveries by several months or more. As a result, the nature of
claims contained in unpublished patent filings around the world is unknown to
us, and we cannot be certain that we or our acquired companies were the first
to conceive inventions covered by our self-developed or our acquired patents or
patent applications or that we or our acquired companies were the first to file
patent applications covering such inventions. Furthermore, it is not possible
to know in which countries patent holders may choose to extend their filings
under the Patent Cooperation Treaty or other mechanisms. In addition, we may be
subject to intellectual property infringement claims from individuals, vendors
and other companies, including those that have acquired patents in the fields
of 3D printing or consumable production for the sole purpose of asserting
claims against us. 24 Table of Contents Under the Israeli Patent Law, 5727-1967,
or the Patent Law, we may also be subject to royalty claims for “service
inventions” conceived by employees in the course and as a result of or arising
from their employment with us. Section 134 of the Patent Law provides that if
there is no agreement between an employer and an employee as to whether the
employee is entitled to consideration for service inventions, the Israeli
Compensation and Royalties Committee, or the Committee, a body constituted
under the Patent Law, shall determine these issues. We believe that virtually
all of our employees have executed invention assignment agreements in which
they have assigned to us their rights to potential inventions and acknowledged
that they will not be entitled to additional compensation or royalties from
commercialization of inventions. We may, nevertheless, face claims demanding
remuneration in consideration for assigned inventions. In addition to patent infringement and
patent-related claims, we may be subject to other intellectual property claims,
such as claims that we are infringing trademarks or misappropriating trade
secrets. We may also be subject to claims relating to the content on our
websites, including third-party content posted on our
GrabCAD.com website. Any intellectual property claims, regardless of the merit
or resolution of such claims, could cause us to incur significant costs in
responding to, defending and resolving such claims, and may prohibit or
otherwise impair our ability to commercialize new or existing products,
including products developed by our acquired companies. Resolution of such
claims may, among other things, require us to redesign infringing technology,
enter into costly settlement or license agreements on terms that are
unfavorable to us, pay royalties to employees or former employees, or indemnify
our distributors and end-users. Any infringement by us, including our acquired
companies, or our licensors of the intellectual property rights of third
parties may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition
and results of operations. If we are unable to protect the
confidentiality of our trade secrets or know-how, such proprietary information
may be used by others to compete against us, for instance, in developing
consumables that could be used with our printing systems in place of our proprietary
consumables. We have devoted substantial resources to
the development of our technology, trade secrets, know-how and other
unregistered proprietary rights. While we enter into confidentiality and
invention assignment agreements intended to protect such rights, such
agreements can be difficult and costly to enforce or may not provide adequate
remedies if violated, and we may not have entered into such agreements with all
relevant parties. Such agreements may be breached and confidential information may
be willfully or unintentionally disclosed, including by employees who may leave
our company and join our competitors, or our competitors or other parties may
learn of the information in some other way. The disclosure to, or independent
development by, a competitor of any of our trade secrets, know-how or other
technology not protected by a patent or other intellectual property system
could materially reduce or eliminate any competitive advantage that we may have
over such competitor. This concern could manifest itself in
particular with respect to our proprietary consumables that are used with our
systems. Portions of our proprietary consumables may not be afforded patent
protection. Chemical companies or other producers of raw materials used in our
consumables may be able to develop consumables that are compatible to a large
extent with our systems, whether independently or in contravention of our trade
secret rights and related proprietary and contractual rights. If such
consumables are made available to owners of our systems, and are purchased in
place of our proprietary consumables, our revenues and profitability would be
reduced and we could be forced to reduce prices for our proprietary
consumables. As our patents expire, additional
competitors using our technology could enter the market, which could offer
competitive printers and consumables, require us to reduce our prices for our
products and result in lost sales. Some of our patents have expired and
others will expire in coming years. Upon expiration of those patents, our
competitors have introduced, and are likely to continue to introduce, products
using the technology previously protected by the expired patents, which
products may have lower prices than those of our products. To compete, we may need
to reduce our prices for those products, which would adversely affect our
revenues, margins and profitability. Additionally, the expiration of our
patents could reduce barriers to entry into AM systems, which could result in
the reduction of our sales and earnings potential. 25 Table of Contents Risks related to operations in Israel Our Israeli headquarters and manufacturing
and other significant operations may be adversely affected by political,
economic and military instability in Israel. One of our dual corporate headquarters, as
well as our PolyJet system manufacturing facility, all of our PolyJet research
and development facilities, one of our two PolyJet consumables manufacturing
facilities, one of our FDM manufacturing facilities, and some of our suppliers,
are located in central and southern Israel. In addition, many of our key
employees, officers and directors are residents of Israel. Accordingly,
political, economic and military conditions in Israel may directly affect our
business. Since the establishment of the State of Israel in 1948, a number of
armed conflicts have taken place between Israel and its neighboring countries.
Any hostilities involving Israel or the interruption or curtailment of trade
between Israel and its trading partners could adversely affect our operations
and results of operations. Over the past decade, Israel has been engaged in several armed conflicts with Hamas, a militia group and political party that controls
the Gaza Strip, and during the summer of 2006, Israel was engaged in an armed
conflict with Hezbollah, a Lebanese Islamist Shiite militia group and political
party. These conflicts involved missile strikes against civilian targets in
various parts of Israel, including areas where some of our manufacturing
facilities are located, and negatively affected business conditions in Israel.
Any armed conflicts, terrorist activities or political instability in the
region, including Iranian involvement in Syria, could adversely affect business
conditions and could harm our results of operations and could make it more
difficult for us to raise capital. Parties with whom we have agreements
involving performance in Israel may claim that they are not obligated to
perform their commitments under those agreements pursuant to force majeure
provisions in such agreements due to the political or security situation in
Israel. Furthermore, many of our male employees in
Israel, including members of our senior management, are obligated to perform
one month, and in some cases longer periods, of annual military reserve duty
until they reach certain ages, and, in the event of a military conflict, may be
called to active duty. Our operations could be disrupted by the absence of a
significant number of Israeli employees or of one or more of our key Israeli
employees who may be called to active duty due to a future military conflict.
Such disruption could materially adversely affect our business and operations. Our commercial insurance does not cover
losses that may occur as a result of an event associated with the security situation
in the Middle East. Although the Israeli government is currently committed to
covering the reinstatement value of direct damages that are caused by terrorist
attacks or acts of war, we cannot assure you that this government coverage will
be maintained, or if maintained, will be sufficient to compensate us fully for
damages incurred. Any losses or damages incurred by our Israeli operations
could have a material adverse effect on our business. Any armed conflicts or
political instability in the region would likely negatively affect business
conditions generally and could harm our results of operations. The Israeli government
is currently pursuing changes to Israel’s judicial system, which, if adopted,
may have an adverse effect on the macroeconomic conditions in Israel and
consequently on our business and our results of operations. 26 Table of Contents Your rights and responsibilities as a
shareholder will be governed by Israeli law, which may differ in some respects
from the rights and responsibilities of shareholders of U.S. companies. We are organized under Israeli law. The
rights and responsibilities of the holders of our ordinary shares are governed
by our amended and restated articles of association and Israeli law. These
rights and responsibilities differ in some respects from the rights and
responsibilities of shareholders in typical U.S.-based corporations. In
particular, a shareholder of an Israeli company has a duty to act in good faith
toward the company and other shareholders and to refrain from abusing its power
in the company, including, among other things, in voting at the general meeting
of shareholders on matters such as amendments to a company’s articles of
association, increases in a company’s authorized share capital, mergers and acquisitions
and interested party transactions requiring shareholder approval. In addition,
a shareholder who knows that it possesses the power to determine the outcome of
a shareholder vote or to appoint or prevent the appointment of a director or
executive officer in the company has a duty of fairness toward the company.
There is limited case law available to assist us in understanding the
implications of these provisions that govern shareholders’ actions. These
provisions may be interpreted to impose additional obligations and liabilities
on holders of our ordinary shares that are not typically imposed on
shareholders of U.S. corporations. Provisions of Israeli law may delay,
prevent or otherwise impede a merger with, or an acquisition of, our company,
which could prevent a change of control, even when the terms of such a
transaction are favorable to us and our shareholders. Israeli corporate law regulates mergers,
requires tender offers for acquisitions of shares above specified thresholds,
requires special approvals for transactions involving directors, officers or
significant shareholders and regulates other matters that may be relevant to
such types of transactions. For example, a merger may not be consummated unless
at least 50 days have passed from the date on which a merger proposal is filed
by each merging company with the Israel Registrar of Companies and at least 30
days have passed from the date on which the shareholders of both merging
companies have approved the merger. In addition, a majority of each class of
securities of the target company must approve a merger. Moreover, a tender
offer for all of a company’s issued and outstanding shares can only be
completed if the acquirer receives positive responses from the holders of at
least 95% of the issued share capital. Completion of the tender offer also
requires approval of a majority of the offerees that do not have a personal
interest in the tender offer, unless, following consummation of the tender
offer, the acquirer would hold at least 98% of the company’s outstanding
shares. Furthermore, the shareholders, including those who indicated their
acceptance of the tender offer, may, at any time within six months following
the completion of the tender offer, petition an Israeli court to alter the
consideration for the acquisition, unless the acquirer stipulated in its tender
offer that a shareholder that accepts the offer may not seek such appraisal
rights. Furthermore, Israeli tax considerations
may make potential transactions unappealing to us or to our shareholders whose
country of residence does not have a tax treaty with Israel exempting such
shareholders from Israeli tax. For example, Israeli tax law does not recognize
tax-free share exchanges to the same extent as U.S. tax law. With respect to
mergers, Israeli tax law allows for tax deferral in certain circumstances but
makes the deferral contingent on the fulfillment of a number of conditions,
including a holding period of two years from the date of the transaction during
which sales and dispositions of shares of the participating companies are
subject to certain restrictions. Moreover, with respect to certain share swap transactions, the tax deferral is limited in time, and when such time expires, the tax becomes payable even if no disposition of the shares has occurred. These and other similar provisions could delay, prevent or impede an acquisition of our company or our merger with another company, even if such an acquisition or merger would be beneficial to us or to our shareholders. Exchange rate fluctuations between the
U.S. dollar and the New Israeli Shekel, the Euro and other non-U.S.
currencies may negatively affect the earnings of our operations. We report our financial results and most of our
revenues are recorded in U.S. dollars. However, substantially all of the
manufacturing, research and development expenses of our Israeli operations, as
well as a portion of the cost of revenues, selling and marketing, and general
and administrative expenses of our Israeli operations, are incurred in New
Israeli Shekels. As a result, we are exposed to exchange rate risks that may
adversely affect our financial results. If the New Israeli Shekel appreciates
against the U.S. dollar or if the value of the New Israeli Shekel declines
against the U.S. dollar at a time when the rate of inflation in the cost of
Israeli goods and services exceeds the rate of decline in the relative value of
the New Israeli Shekel, then the U.S. dollar cost of our operations in Israel
would increase and our results of operations would be adversely affected. 27 Table of Contents During 2021 and the first quarter of 2022 in particular, the value of the
U.S. dollar decreased significantly relative to the New Israeli Shekel and
 settled at a level that was near the all-time low, before rising over most of the remainder of 2022.
The lower value of the U.S. dollar relative to the New Israeli Shekel had an adverse
impact upon our dollar-denominated financial results, due to the relative
increase in cost of the New Israeli Shekel denominated expenses of our Israeli
operations. Our results of operations could be adversely affected if we
are unable to effectively hedge against currency fluctuations in the
future. We cannot predict any future trends in the rate of inflation or
deflation in Israel or the rate of appreciation or devaluation of the New
Israeli Shekel against the U.S. dollar. The Israeli annual rate of inflation
 amounted to 5.3%, 2.8%, and 0.7% for the years ended December
31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. The annual appreciation (devaluation) of
the New Israeli Shekel in relation to the U.S. dollar amounted to (13.2)%, 3.3% and 7.0%
 for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020,
respectively. We also have substantial revenues and
expenses that are denominated in non-US currencies other than the New Israeli
Shekel, particularly the Euro. Therefore, our operating results and cash flows
are also subject to fluctuations due to changes in the relative values of the
U.S. dollar and those foreign currencies. These fluctuations could negatively
affect our operating results and could cause our revenues and net income or
loss to vary from quarter to quarter. Furthermore, to the extent that our
revenues increase in regions such as Asia Pacific, where our sales are
denominated in U.S. dollars, a strengthening of the dollar against other
currencies could make our products less competitive in those foreign markets
and collection of receivables more difficult. From time to time we engage in currency
hedging activities. These measures, however, may not adequately protect us from
material adverse effects due to the impact of inflation in Israel or from
fluctuations in the relative values of the U.S. dollar and other foreign
currencies in which we transact business, and may result in a financial loss.
For further information, please see “Item 11. Quantitative And Qualitative
Disclosures About Market Risk” in this annual report. Calculating our income tax rate is complex
and subject to uncertainty. We are currently eligible for Israeli government tax
benefits in respect of our Israeli operations. If we do not meet several
conditions for receipt of those benefits, or if the Israeli government
otherwise decides to eliminate those benefits, they may be terminated or
reduced, which would impact our income tax rate and increase our costs. The
computation of income taxes is complex because it is based on the laws of
numerous taxing jurisdictions and requires significant judgment on the
application of complicated rules governing accounting for tax provisions under
GAAP. Income taxes for interim quarters are based on a forecast of our
effective tax rate for the year, which includes forward-looking financial
projections. Such financial projections are based on numerous assumptions,
including the expectations of profit and loss by jurisdiction. It is difficult
to accurately forecast various items that make up the projections, and such
items may be treated as discrete accounting. Examples of items that could cause
variability in our income tax rate include our mix of income by jurisdiction,
changes in our uncertain tax positions, the application of transfer pricing
rules, and tax audits. Future events, such as changes in our business and the
tax law in the jurisdictions where we do business, could also affect our rate. One important
assumption that goes into calculation of our tax rate is the tax benefit that
we are eligible for in respect of some of our operations in Israel, referred to
as “Approved Enterprise”, “Beneficiary Enterprise”, “Preferred Enterprise”
and/or “Preferred Technology Enterprise” (as applicable), under the Law for
the Encouragement of Capital Investments, 5719-1959, or the Investment Law.
Based on an evaluation of the relevant factors under the Investment Law,
including the level of foreign (that is, non-Israeli) investment in our
company, we have estimated that our average effective tax rate to be paid
with respect to all profit from the Israeli operations under these
benefit programs is 7.5% to 14%, based on the current balance of activity between
our Rehovot, Israel and Kiryat Gat, Israel facilities and the available level
of benefits under the law. If we do not meet the requirements for maintaining
these benefits, they may be reduced or cancelled and the relevant operations
would be subject to Israeli corporate tax at the standard rate, which for 2018
and onwards is set at 23%. In addition to being subject to the standard
corporate tax rate, we would be required to refund any tax benefits that we
have already received as adjusted by the Israeli consumer price index, plus
interest or other monetary penalties. Even if we continue to meet the relevant
requirements, the tax benefits that we are eligible for may not be continued in
the future at their current levels or at all. If these tax benefits were
reduced or eliminated, the amount of taxes that we pay would likely increase,
as all of our operations would consequently be subject to corporate tax at the
standard rate, which may cause our effective tax rate to be materially
different than our estimates and could adversely affect our results of
operations. Additionally, if we increase our activities outside of Israel, for
example, via acquisitions, our increased activities may not be eligible for
inclusion in Israeli tax benefit programs, and that could also adversely affect
our effective tax rate and our results of operations. 28 Table of Contents The
Israeli government may furthermore independently determine to reduce, phase out
or eliminate entirely the benefit programs under the Investment Law, regardless
of whether we then qualify for benefits under those programs at the time, which
would also adversely affect our effective tax rate and our results of
operations. We received Israeli government al grants for
certain of our research and development activities . The terms of those
grants may require us, in addition
to payment of royalties, to satisfy specified conditions in order to
manufacture products and transfer technologies outside of Israel, including
increase of the amount of our liabilities in connection with such grants. If we
fail to comply with the requirements of the Innovation Law (as defined below),
we may be required to pay penalties in addition to repayment of the grants, and
may impair our ability to sell our technology outside of Israel . Some of our research
and development efforts were and are financed in part, through grants that we
received from the Israeli Innovation Authority, to which we refer as the IIA or
the Authority (formerly operating as Office of the Chief Scientist of the
Ministry of Economy of the State of Israel, or the OCS). Since 2007 and through
December 31, 2022, we have received funding from the Authority of approximately
$9 million, in the aggregate, under
several R&D programs to support certain research and development projects
in Israel. In addition, we have received funding
from the Europe authorities of approximately $1.8 million, to support certain
projects in Europe. We must comply with the
requirements of the Encouragement of Research, Development and Technological
Innovation in the Industry Law, 5744-1984 and related regulations rules,
procedures and benefit tracks collectively or the “Innovation Law”. When a company develops
know-how, technology or products using grants provided by the Authority, the
terms of these grants and the Innovation Law restrict the transfer of such
know-how, and the transfer of manufacturing or manufacturing rights of such products,
technologies or know-how outside of Israel. Under the Innovation Law and the regulations thereunder, a recipient
of royalty-bearing grants
from the IIA is required to return the grants by the payment of royalties of 3%
to 5% on the revenues generated from the sale of products (and related
services) developed (in whole or in part) under IIA program up to the total amount
of the grants received from IIA, linked to the U.S. dollar and bearing interest
at an annual rate of LIBOR applicable to U.S. dollar deposits, as published on
the first business day of each calendar year. The
United Kingdom’s Financial Conduct Authority, which regulates the London
Interbank Offered Rate (LIBOR), announced that it will no longer persuade or
require banks to submit rates for LIBOR after January 1, 2022. The grants
received from the IIA bear an annual interest rate based on the 12-month LIBOR.
Accordingly, there is considerable uncertainty regarding the publication of
LIBOR beyond 2022. While it is not currently possible to determine precisely
whether, or to what extent, the withdrawal and replacement of LIBOR would
affect us, the implementation of alternative benchmark rates to LIBOR may
increase our financial liabilities to the IIA. To date, IIA has not published a
decision regarding an alternative benchmark to be used in the LIBOR’s stead. • Transfer of IIA funded know-how outside of Israel .
Any transfer of the know-how that was developed with the funding of the
Authority and related intellectual property rights, outside of Israel,
including by way of license for research and development purpose requires prior
approval of the Authority and imposes certain
conditions, including, requirement of payment of a redemption fee calculated
according to the formula provided in the Innovation Law which takes into
account, among others, the consideration for such know-how paid to us in the
transaction in which the technology is transferred, research and development
expenses, the amount of IIA grants, the time of completion of IIA supported
research project and other factors, while the redemption fee will not exceed
600% of the grants amount plus interest. No assurance can be given that
approval to any such transfer, if requested, will be granted and what will be
the amount of the redemption fee payable. Transfer of IIA funded know-how and related
intellectual property rights to an Israeli company requires a pre-approval by
IIA and may be granted if the recipient undertakes to fulfil all the
liabilities to IIA and undertakes to abide by the provisions of Innovation Law,
including the restrictions on the transfer of know-how and the manufacturing
rights outside of Israel and the obligation to pay royalties (note that there
will be an obligation to pay royalties to IIA from the income received by us in
connection with such transfer transaction as part of the royalty payment
obligation). No assurance can be given that approval to any such transfer, if
requested, will be granted. 29 Table of Contents • Local manufacturing obligation. The terms of the grants under the Innovation Law require that the
manufacturing of products resulting from Authority-funded programs be carried
out in Israel, unless a prior written approval of the Authority is obtained
(except for a transfer of up to 10% of the production rights, for which a
notification to the Authority is sufficient). As a condition for obtaining approval to
manufacture outside Israel, we would be required to pay increased royalties,
which usually amount to 1% in addition to the standard royalties rate, and also
the total amount of our liability to IIA may be increased to between 120% and
300% of the grants we received from IIA, depending on the manufacturing volume
that is performed outside Israel (less royalties already paid to IIA). This
restriction may impair our ability to outsource manufacturing rights abroad,
however, it does not restrict export of our products that incorporate IIA
funded know-how. A company also has the option of declaring in its IIA grant application for funding its intention to exercise a portion of the manufacturing capacity abroad, thus avoiding the need to obtain additional approval for such declared funding. Such declaration may affect the increase in the total liability to the IIA following such manufacturing abroad. The restrictions under the Innovation Law (such as with respect to
transfer of manufacturing rights abroad or the transfer of IIA funded know-how
and related intellectual property rights abroad) will continue to apply even
our liabilities are repaid to IIA in full and will cease to exist only upon
payment of the redemption fee described above. Furthermore, in the event that we undertake a transaction
involving the transfer to a non-Israeli entity of technology developed with IIA
funding pursuant to a merger or similar transaction, the consideration
available to our shareholders may be reduced by the amounts we may be required
to pay to IIA. Any approval, if given, will generally be subject to additional
financial obligations to the IIA. Failure to comply with the requirements under
the Innovation Law may subject us to mandatory repayment of grants received by
us (together with interest and penalties), as well as expose us to criminal
proceedings. In May 2017, IIA issued new rules for licensing know how developed
with IIA funding outside of Israel, or the Licensing Rules, allowing us to
enter into licensing arrangements or grant other rights in know-how developed
under IIA programs outside of Israel, subject to the prior consent of IIA and
payment of license fees to IIA, calculated in accordance with the Licensing
Rules. The payment of the license fees will not discharge us from the
obligations to pay royalties or other payments to IIA. • Certain reporting obligations . We, as any recipient of a
grant or a benefit under the Innovation Law, are required to file reports on
the progress of activities for which the grant was provided as well as on our
revenues from know-how and products funded by the Authority. In addition, we
are required to notify the Authority of certain events detailed in the
Innovation Law. 30 Table of Contents It may be difficult to enforce a U.S.
judgment against us and our officers and directors in Israel or the United
States, or to serve process on our officers and directors. We are organized in Israel. Most of our officers and
most of our directors (as of December 31, 2022) reside outside of the United
States, and a majority of our assets are located outside of the United States. Therefore,
a judgment obtained against us or any of our executive officers and directors
in the United States, including one based on the civil liability provisions of
the U.S. federal securities laws, may not be collectible in the United States
and may not be enforced by an Israeli court. It also may be difficult for you
to effect service of process on these persons in the United States or to assert
U.S. securities law claims in original actions instituted in Israel. Risks related to an investment in our ordinary shares The market price of our
ordinary shares may be subject to fluctuation, regardless of our operating
results and financial condition. As a result, our shareholders could incur
substantial losses. The market price of our ordinary shares since the
Stratasys, Inc.- Objet Ltd. merger has been subject to substantial fluctuation.
From the start of 2019 through the early part of 2 02 3 (through February 24,
2023), our ordinary shares have traded with closing prices that have ranged
from $11.07 to $54.37 ,
which low and high prices were each recorded since the start of 2021,
evidencing a trend towards greater share price fluctuations. The price of our
ordinary shares may continue to be subject to substantial fluctuation
regardless of our operating results or financial condition due to a number of
factors, including: • the extent of growth of the 3D printing market generally; • changes in earnings estimates or recommendations by securities analysts; • development of new competitive systems and services by others; • success or failure of research and development projects of our company or our competitors; • developments concerning our or our competitors’ intellectual property rights; • successes or failures of the acquisitions or dispositions that we consummate, as perceived by financial or industry analysts; • the general tendency towards volatility in the market prices of shares of technology companies; and 31 Table of Contents • general market conditions and other factors, including factors unrelated to our operating performance. These factors and any corresponding price fluctuations may materially and adversely affect the market price of our ordinary shares and result in substantial losses being incurred by our shareholders. Market prices for securities of technology
companies historically have been very volatile. The market for these securities
has from time to time experienced significant price and volume fluctuations for
reasons unrelated to the operating performance of any one company. In the past,
following periods of market volatility, public company shareholders have often
instituted securities class action litigation, as was the case in February and
March, 2015, when class actions of our shareholders, alleging violations of the
Exchange Act, were initiated against the Company and certain of our officers as
defendants. Any such additional securities litigation could result in
substantial costs and divert the resources and attention of our management from
our business. Raising additional capital by issuing securities or
issuing securities pursuant to acquisitions of other companies or technologies
may cause dilution to our shareholders, and may furthermore be difficult under
certain market conditions. We may need or desire to raise substantial
capital in the future. Our future capital requirements will depend on many
factors, including, among others: • the extent to which we acquire or invest in businesses, products or technologies (as we did in acquiring
Origin in December 2020, RPS in February 2021, Xaar in November 2021, Riven in 2022, and expect to
acquire the additive manufacturing
materials business of Covestro AG in the second quarter of 2023) and other strategic relationships; • our degree of success in capturing a larger portion of additive manufacturing demand; • the costs of establishing or acquiring sales, marketing and distribution capabilities for our products; • the costs of preparing, filing and prosecuting patent applications, maintaining and enforcing our issued patents and defending intellectual property-related claims; and • the costs of financing unanticipated working capital requirements and responding to competitive pressures. If we raise funds or pay for acquisitions of other
entities by issuing equity or convertible debt securities, it will reduce the
percentage ownership of our then-existing shareholders, and the holders of such
new securities may have rights, preferences or privileges senior to those
possessed by our then-existing shareholders. The market price for our ordinary shares, which
had declined significantly from its all-time high in periods following the
Stratasys, Inc.- Objet Ltd. merger until reaching new lows in the middle part
and late part of 2020 recovered strongly over the course of 2021, only to fall again over the course
of 2022 to near all-time lows once again . Should our share price remain at these low
levels, that would
adversely impact our ability to raise funds in the capital markets or to utilize
our securities as payment in an acquisition transaction. We do not anticipate paying any cash
dividends in the foreseeable future. Therefore, if our share price does not
appreciate, our shareholders may not recognize a return, and could potentially
suffer a loss, on their investment in our ordinary shares. We intend to retain all available funds
and any future earnings to fund the development and growth of our business. As a result, capital appreciation, if any, of our ordinary shares will be
investors’ sole source of a return on their investment for the foreseeable
future. 32 Table of Contents Even if we decide to pay dividends on our ordinary shares, we may be restricted from doing so or payment of such dividends may have adverse consequences for our company. Under the Companies Law, dividends may
only be paid out of our profits and other surplus funds (as defined in the
Companies Law) as of the end of the most recent year or as accrued over a
period of the most recent two years, whichever amount is greater, provided that
there is no reasonable concern that payment of a dividend will prevent us from
satisfying our existing and foreseeable obligations as they become due. In the
event that we do not meet the profit and surplus funds criteria, we can seek
the approval of an Israeli court in order to distribute a dividend. The court
may approve our request if it is convinced that there is no reasonable concern
that the payment of a dividend will prevent us from satisfying our existing and
foreseeable obligations as they become due. Due to the acquisition method of
accounting utilized, under GAAP, for the Stratasys, Inc.- Objet Ltd. merger and
the Origin transaction, pursuant to which we were deemed to have acquired
Objet’s assets and Origin's assets, we have incurred and will continue to incur
significant annual amounts of amortization expense in respect of those assets.
We are also subject to the risk of impairment charges from time to time to our
acquired assets. These significant annual expenses under GAAP have reduced, and
may continue to reduce or eliminate, our profits and surplus funds as
determined under the Companies Law, and, hence, may restrict our ability to pay
dividends (absent court approval). In general, the payment of dividends may
also be subject to Israeli withholding taxes. In addition, because we receive
certain benefits under the Israeli law relating to “Approved Enterprise” and
“Beneficiary Enterprise”, our payment of dividends (out of tax-exempt income)
may subject us to certain Israeli taxes to which we would not otherwise be
subject. See “Risks related to our operations in Israel—The government tax
benefits that we currently receive require us to meet several conditions and
may be terminated or reduced in the future, which would increase our costs.” We are a foreign private issuer under the
rules and regulations of the SEC and are therefore exempt from a number of
rules under the Exchange Act and are permitted to file less information with
the SEC than a domestic U.S. reporting company, which will reduce the level and
amount of disclosure that you receive. As a foreign private issuer under the
Exchange Act, we are exempt from certain rules under the Exchange Act,
including the proxy rules, which impose certain disclosure and procedural
requirements for proxy solicitations. Moreover, we are not required to file
periodic reports and financial statements with the SEC as frequently or as
promptly as domestic U.S. companies with securities registered under the
Exchange Act; and are not required to comply with Regulation FD, which imposes
certain restrictions on the selective disclosure of material information. In
addition, our officers, directors and principal shareholders are exempt from
the reporting and “short-swing” profit recovery provisions of Section 16 of the
Exchange Act and the rules under the Exchange Act with respect to their
purchases and sales of our ordinary shares. Accordingly, you receive less
information about our company and trading in our shares by our affiliates than
you would receive about a domestic U.S. company, and are afforded less protection
under the U.S. federal securities laws than you would be afforded in holding
securities of a domestic U.S. company. 33 Table of Contents As a foreign private issuer, we are also
permitted, and have begun, to follow certain home country corporate governance
practices instead of those otherwise required under the Listing Rules of the
Nasdaq Stock Market for domestic U.S. issuers. We have informed Nasdaq that we
follow home country practice in Israel with regard to, among other things,
director nomination procedure and approval of compensation of officers. In
addition, we have opted to follow home country law instead of the Listing Rules
of the Nasdaq Stock Market that require that a listed company obtain
shareholder approval for certain dilutive events, such as the establishment or
amendment of certain equity-based compensation plans, an issuance that will
result in a change of control of the company, certain transactions other than a
public offering involving issuances of a 20% or greater interest in the
company, and certain acquisitions of the stock or assets of another company.
Following our home country governance practices as opposed to the requirements
that would otherwise apply to a United States company listed on The Nasdaq
Global Select Market may provide our shareholders with less protection than
they would have as shareholders of a domestic U.S. company. Our status as a foreign private issuer is
subject to an annual review and test, and will be tested again as of June 30,
2023 (the last business day of our second fiscal quarter of 2023). If we lose
our status as a foreign private issuer, we will no longer be exempt from such
rules. Among other things, beginning on January 1, 2024, we would be required
to file periodic reports and financial statements on a periodic basis
(including both an annual report in respect of 2023 and quarterly reports in
respect of each of the quarters of 2024) as if we were a company incorporated
in the U.S., which, among other things, would result in increased compliance
and reporting costs to us. If we are classified as a passive foreign investment company, or PFIC, our U.S. shareholders may suffer adverse tax consequences. Generally, if for any taxable year, after
applying certain look-through rules, 75% or more of our gross income is passive
income, or at least 50% of the value of our assets are held for the production
of, or produce, passive income, we may be characterized as a PFIC for U.S.
federal income tax purposes. Passive income for this purpose generally
includes, among other things, certain dividends, interest, royalties, rents and
gains from commodities and securities transactions and from the sale or exchange
of property that gives rise to passive income. If we are a PFIC, gain realized
by a U.S. shareholder on the sale of our ordinary shares may be taxed as
ordinary income (rather than as capital gain income), and an interest charge
added to the tax. Rules similar to those applicable to the taxation of gains
realized on the disposition of our stock would apply to distributions exceeding
certain thresholds. Although we do not believe that we were a
PFIC in 2022, we cannot assure you that the IRS will agree with that conclusion
or that we will not become a PFIC in 2023 or in a subsequent year. The tests
for determining PFIC status are applied annually, and it is difficult to make
accurate predictions of our future income and the future value of our assets.
U.S. shareholders should consult with their own U.S. tax advisors with respect
to the U.S. tax consequences of investing in our ordinary shares. For a
discussion of how we might be characterized as a PFIC and related tax
consequences, please see Item 10.E, “Additional Information-Taxation-U.S.
Federal Income Tax Considerations-Tax Consequences if We Are a Passive Foreign
Investment Company”. 34 Table of Contents ITEM 4. INFORMATION ON THE COMPANY. A. History and Development of the Company Our legal and commercial name is Stratasys
Ltd., and we are the product of the 2012 merger of two leading additive
manufacturing companies, Stratasys, Inc. and Objet Ltd. Stratasys, Inc. was
incorporated in Delaware in 1989, and Objet Ltd. was incorporated in Israel in
1998. As part of that merger transaction, the ordinary shares of Stratasys Ltd.
were listed on the Nasdaq Global Select Market under the trading symbol “SSYS”.
We have acquired (and, in certain cases, disposed of) a number of companies since that time, In July 2014 and August 2014, we acquired Solid Concepts and
Harvest Technologies, respectively two leading providers of additive manufacturing services. Following those two acquisitions,
in 2015, we introduced our branded Stratasys Direct Manufacturing, or SDM,
service, which significantly broadened and increased our production and
offering of AM parts, which are used by our customers as prototypes, benchmarks
and end-use parts. In December, 2020, we acquired 3D printing start-up,
Origin Inc., or Origin, and its proprietary P 3 Programmable PhotoPolymerization technology, which has become
 an
important growth engine for our company. The acquisition was aimed at fortifying
our leadership in polymers and production applications of 3D printing in
industries such as dental, medical, tooling, and select industrial, defense,
and consumer goods markets. In
February 2021, we acquired UK-based RP Support Ltd., or RPS, a provider of
industrial stereolithography 3D printers and solutions. RPS’ complementary
technology further expands our polymer suite of solutions across the product
life cycle, from concept modeling to manufacturing. In April 2021, we
introduced the Stratasys H350 3D printer, the first system powered by the
powder-based SAF™ technology of Xaar 3D Ltd., or Xaar, and in November 2021, we
acquired all remaining shares of Xaar from Xaar plc (we previously owned a 45%
share in Xaar), thereby accelerating our growth in production-scale 3D printing. In September 2022, we disposed of our subsidiary MakerBot, a leader in desktop 3D printing, merging it with UltiMarker, after which transaction we hold a 46.5% equity interest in the combined company, which aims to provide e asy-to-use and accessible 3D printing hardware, software, and materials for any application. In October 2022, we acquired the assets of the quality- assurance software company Riven and integrated its cloud-based software solution into our GrabCAD ® additive manufacturing platform, which enables manufacturing customers to adopt our solutions for end-use parts production. We have announced, and expect to complete at the end of the second quarter of 2023, the aquisition of the additive manufacturing materials business of Covestro AG, which will expand our differentiated materials offerings in stereolithography, digital light processing (DLP), and powders. We furthermore expect to effect smaller acquisitions and investments in other companies from time to time to support execution of our strategy. We have dual headquarters. Our registered office and
one of our two principal places of business is located at 1 Holtzman Street,
Science Park, P.O. Box 2496, Rehovot 76124, Israel, and our telephone number at
that office is (+972)-74-745-4314. Our other principal place of business is
located at 7665 Commerce Way, Eden Prairie, Minnesota, and our telephone number
there is (952) 937-3000. Our agent in the United States is Richard Garrity, Chief Industrial Business Unit Officer of our Delaware subsidiary, Stratasys, Inc., whose address is c/o
Stratasys, Inc. at the address of our Eden Prairie, Minnesota headquarters. Our
web address
is www.stratasys.com. The information contained on that website (or on our other websites,
including stratasysdirect.com
and makerbot.com) is not a part of this annual report. As an
Israeli company, we operate under the provisions of the Companies Law. In 2022, 2021 and 2020, our capital expenditures amounted to $19.8 million, $26.8 million and $29.0 million, resp ectively, of which $13.6 mi llion, $25.0 million and $26.9 million, respectively, was principally related to the purchase and construction of property, plant and equipment. During 2021, our principal property and equipment investment was the construction of our new facility , which we
own, at our new property in Rehovot, Israel, where we moved our Israeli headquarters during January 2017. This new facility, towards which we paid $0.2 million a nd $11.1 million during 2022 and 2021, respectively, also houses research and development facilities. As of December 31, 2022, we had invested an aggregate o f $119.5 million in our new facility in Israel and its related equipment. During 2022, we made other purchases of property and equipment, mainly for the enhancement of our manufacturing capabilities to support new solution offerings, primarily for our facilities in Israel and the United States. 35 Table of Contents B. Business overview We are a global leader in
polymer-based 3D printing solutions, which we provide at every stage of the
product life cycle, with multiple technologies and complete solutions for
superior application fit, across industrial, healthcare and consumer
fields. We focus, in particular, on
polymer 3D printing solutions that
address the fastest-growing
manufacturing solutions, which we view as the biggest potential growth
opportunity in the 3D printing industry. Leveraging distinct competitive
advantages that include a broad set of best-in-class 3D printing platforms,
software, materials and technology partner ecosystems, innovative leadership,
and a global GTM infrastructure, we are positioned to further
expand our leadership in this
significant and growing global marketplace. Our approximately 1,700 granted and pending additive
technology patents c urrently held (in
addition to many others previously held) have been used to create models, prototypes,
manufacturing tools, and production parts for a multitude of industries
including aerospace, automotive, transportation, healthcare, consumer products,
dental, medical, fashion and education. Our products and comprehensive solutions
improve product quality, development time, cost, time-to-market and patient care. Our additive
manufacturing ecosystem of solutions and expertise includes materials,
software, expert services, and on-demand parts production. Our acquisition, of Origin, a provider of photopolymer solutions
for production-oriented applications, expanded our leadership
through innovation in the fast-growing mass production parts segment by providing us with a
next-generation photopolymer platform. Origin’s pioneering approach
to additive manufacturing of end-use parts enables us to serve a large
market with manufacturing-grade 3D printers, utilizing P 3 ™ Programmable
PhotoPolymerization technology.
This technology precisely controls light, heat, and force, among other
variables, to produce parts with exceptional accuracy and consistency and
enables a broad range of chemistry which turns into unique production grade
properties. Our acquisition
of RPS, which closed in February 2021, has enabled us to leverage RPS’
industry-leading go-to-market infrastructure to offer their Neo® line of
systems to the global market with an expanded set of applications. Our Neo
line of 3D printers feature dynamic laser beam technology that enables build
accuracy, feature detail, and low variability across the full extent of a large
build platform. As an open resin system, the Neo products provide customers
materials with a wide range of properties such as chemical resistance, heat
tolerance, flexibility, durability, and optical clarity, and can produce large
parts up to 800 x 800 x 600 mm, providing a significant build area in a small
footprint. Our acquisition, in November 2021, of the remaining outstanding shares of Xaar that we had not already owned (we had held a 45% stake in Xaar) was aimed at accelerating our growth in production-scale 3D printing. In April 2021, we introduced the Stratasys H350™ 3D printer, the first system powered by Xaar’s powder-based SAF™ technology. Representing the culmination of more than 10 years of research and development, SAF-based 3D printers are designed to deliver cost-competitive parts at production-level throughput. H Series™ Production Platform printers such as the H350 are designed to deliver part quality, consistency, and reliability that ensures customer satisfaction and high production yield. Using SAF technology, the printers execute key 3D printing steps in the same direction across the print bed to provide a uniform thermal experience – and therefore part consistency – for all printed parts regardless of their placement in the build, representing a significant improvement over traditional powder-bed fusion processes. In August 2022 we signed a definitive agreement
to purchase the assets of Covestro’s AM materials business, including all of the SOMOS™ portfolio. This acquisition
is expected to be completed at the beginning of the second quarter of 2023. 36 Table of Contents We now offer a broader range of systems, consumables and services for additive manufacturing. Our wide range of solutions, based on our proprietary 3D printing technologies and materials, enhances the ability of designers, engineers and manufacturers to: • visualize and communicate product ideas and designs; • verify the form, fit and function of prototypes; • manufacture tools, jigs, fixtures, casts and injection molds used in the process of manufacturing end-products; • manufacture customized and short-to-medium-run
end-products more efficiently , with greater agility , and more sustainably ; and • produce objects that could not otherwise be manufactured through subtractive manufacturing methodologies. Our goal is to be the first choice for polymer 3D printing. Given our significant experience and proven operating history, we have many competitive advantages including: ● Broadest offering of innovative technologies. - We offer five different 3D printing
technology platforms more than any other vendor in the industry, each of which
have been optimized for specific industry applications. They are complemented
by a technology-agnostic software platform, with an extensive and rapidly
expanding ecosystem of software solutions and software partners for workflow
and connectivity, as well as a robust range of advanced materials . ● Expansive materials ecosystem.- To ensure maximum performance and quality, as
well as access to the broadest possible range of materials for our customers, we
provide a robust range of materials
in three distinct tiers: (i) Stratasys Preferred,
which are engineered by us or our third-party material partners exclusively to
provide the best combination of material and printer performance; (ii)
Stratasys Validated, which are engineered by us or our third-party materials
partners and validated by us with basic reliability testing to
accelerate the expansion of material options available in the marketplace; and
(iii) Open: Unvalidated materials accessed via an OpenAM Software License,
which may offer unique attributes and the potential to address new applications
but have not received validation testing or optimization
relative to performance and functionality on a Stratasys printer. Our
prospective acquisition of Covestro will further strengthen our differentiated
materials offering in stereolithography, DLP, and powders, which additional
materials are supported by a broad portfolio of patents. ● Deep application engineering expertise - We believe
we have the most industry application engineers in the world who provide our
deep quality and process certification expertise for tier-1 manufacturing OEMs.
This is essential for meeting the rigorous demands of industries like
aerospace, where there are over 300,000 Strat asys parts already flying around
the world today, or healthcare, where we support multiple materials for
biocompatible applications. We have multi-industry experience with multiple 3D
printing technologies serving the aerospace, automotive, dental, consumer,
education, and medical industries . ● Unparalleled
market access - We believe our network of over 200 channel partners is
the strongest and most experienced in the industry, covering every region and
every major market. This network of resellers worldwide is exclusive to us and
our technologies, and has been built over many years, making it unable to be
quickly and easily duplicated. This channel network has focused primarily on
selling and servicing our FDM and PolyJet solutions since the merger of
Stratasys and Objet in 2012, and starting in 2021, included the
Origin P 3 , SAF, and Neo stereolithography technologies, which dramatically
expand the total addressable market across medical, dental, consumer goods,
automotive, commercial goods, and service bureaus. ● Marquee customer base - Many of the world’s leading companies across
aerospace, technology, automotive, consumer, energy, and healthcare are our
strategic partners. These include: General Motors, whose new
multi-million-dollar additive manufacturing facility in Michigan features
Stratasys systems from low to high end; TE Connectivity, which is now using
Origin One 3D printers to produce end use parts for aerospace connectivity;
Airbus, which recently extended Stratasys’ contract to include several more
aircraft platforms as well as spare parts production; and the U.S. Navy, which
signed a $20 million contract with Stratasys in 2021 for systems, materials,
support and training for multiple locations around the world. 37 Table of Contents ● Software/Digital manufacturing connectivity - Through our GrabCAD Additive Manufacturing Platform,
we have created a smart and connected software ecosystem to enable additive
manufacturing at scale across the digital thread, from design through
production. Our SDKs integrate with many different software partner solutions,
allowing customers to turn data into intelligence by collecting important
information that can be used to improve productivity. This level of integration
expands the capabilities of 3D printers. In addition, many of our 3D printing
systems are software-upgradable. As our largest customers increasingly adopt multiple Stratasys systems across multiple 3D printing technologies, the efficiency benefits of a single software platform to manage them increases. We benefit from recurring revenues
from the sale of resin and plastic consumables and related services. We provide
products and services to our global customer base throughout our offices in
North America and internationally, including: Baden-Baden, Germany; Shanghai,
China; and Tokyo, Japan, as well as through our worldwide network of over 200 channel partners and resellers who are exclusive to us and our additive manufacturing
technologies. We have over 2,000 employees worldwide, including what we believe is one of the largest additive
manufacturing service bureaus in the United States. Industry overview Historically, prototype
development and customized manufacturing have been performed by traditional
methods using metal extrusion, computer-controlled machining, and manual
modeling techniques, in which blocks of material are carved or milled into
specific objects. These subtractive manufacturing methodologies have numerous
limitations. They often require heavy involvement of specialist technicians and
can be time- and labor-intensive, and traditional molds for injection molding
are expensive. The time intensity of traditional modeling can leave little room
for design error or subsequent redesign without meaningfully impacting a product’s
time-to-market and development cost. As a result, prototypes have traditionally
been created only at selected milestones late in the design process, which
prevents designers from truly visualizing and verifying the design and geometry
of an object in the preliminary design stage. The inability to iterate a design
rapidly hinders collaboration among design team members and other stakeholders
and reduces the ability to optimize a design, as time-to-market and
optimization become necessary trade-offs in the design process. 3D printing addresses many of the inherent limitations
of traditional modeling technologies through its combination of functionality,
quality, ease of use, speed and cost. 3D printing can be significantly more
efficient and effective than traditional model-making techniques for use across
the design process, from concept modeling and design review and validation, to
fit and function prototyping, pattern making and tooling, to direct
manufacturing of repeatable, cost-effective parts, short-run parts and
customized end products. Introducing 3D modeling earlier in the design process
to evaluate fit, form and function can result in faster time-to-market and
lower product development costs, while keeping intellectual property in-house. As
the 3D printing industry is maturing, its role in a product’s lifecycle is
further expanding, specifically into manufacturing solutions that follow the
initial modeling and prototyping stages of the product lifecycle. This evolution opens a substantially larger
total addressable market for additive manufacturing solutions. In
the medical industry as well, practitioners are rapidly embracing the cutting-edge production of 3D
printed anatomical models for pre-operative procedural planning. 3D printed
pre-procedural models are low-cost and are customized to individual patients.
Created from medical scans, the printed models provide physicians the
opportunity to map out their procedures in a no-risk surgical setting. The
rapidly produced and quickly delivered models assist with procedure validation,
ultimately improving patient outcomes. For short and medium-run manufacturing, 3D
printers eliminate the need for complex manufacturing set-ups and reduce the
cost and lead-time associated with conventional tooling. Direct digital
manufacturing, or DDM, involves the use of 3D production systems for the direct
manufacture of parts that are subsequently incorporated into the user’s end
product or manufacturing process. DDM is particularly attractive in
applications that require shorter -run or lower -volume parts or rapid
turn-around, and for which tooling would not be appropriate due to small
volumes. Increasingly,
attention is being paid to the potential sustainability benefits of additive
manufacturing as well. By producing parts on-site and at scale, carbon
emissions associated with transportation and delivery can be reduced. Additive
manufacturing also reduces waste because the right number of products are
created at the right time. One study has suggested that additive manufacturing
could reduce industrial energy use by 2050. Light-weighting parts through
additively designed polymer components save airlines fuel. – about 14,000
gallons of fuel per year per plane for every pound eliminated. 38 Table of Contents New technologies, such as our P3 and SAF technologies, are
beginning to significantly increase the volumes at which additive manufacturing
is competitively advantageous up to tens of thousands and beyond in some
cases. DDM also enables the production of objects that have been
topologically designed, or designed on the basis of a computerized
determination of where to place the key components of the object and how to
connect them, a process that is generally unavailable using conventional
subtractive manufacturing methodologies. Desktop 3D printer usage has shown rapid
growth in recent years, with the introduction and adoption of affordable
entry-level 3D printers and increased availability and content. These
entry-level desktop printers have increased market adoption by professional
designers and education institutions. We expect that the adoption of desktop 3D
printing will continue to increase in the future, in terms of design
applications and engineering applications. We believe that the expansion of
the market will be spurred by increased proliferation of 3D content and 3D
authoring tools (3D computer-aided-design, or CAD, and other simplified 3D
authoring tools), as well as increased availability of 3D scanners. We also
believe that increased adoption of 3D printing will be facilitated by continued
improvements in 3D printing technology and greater affordability of entry-level
systems. We are active in facilitating the growth of the desktop 3D printing market by way of our investment
in Ultimaker, a company created from the merger of our former subsidiary MakerBot with
Ultimaker into a new combined desktop 3D printing market leader. Stratasys solutions Range of solutions We provide integrated solutions throughout a product’s
lifecycle for designers, engineers, manufacturers, and medical professionals,
including compatible products and services designed for our customers’ use to
effectively solve their specific application needs. Our solutions consist of 3D
printing systems, consumables, software, paid parts, and professional services
and encompass everything from prototyping and design all the way through mass
production. Our solutions allow our end-users
to print 3D models and parts that enhance their ability to visualize, verify
and communicate product designs, thereby improving the design, development and
validation processes and reducing time-to-market. Our systems create visual
aids for concept modeling and functional prototyping to test fit, form and
function, permitting rapid evaluation of product designs. Using presentation
models developed with our systems, designers and engineers can typically
conduct design reviews and identify potential design flaws earlier in the
process and make improvements before incurring significant costs due to
re-tooling and rework, allowing them to optimize a design much more rapidly and
cost-effectively. Our systems aid in the
communication of ideas otherwise communicated in abstract or 2D media. For example, physicians use visually and/or biomechanically
accurate 3D printed Stratasys models to plan surgical procedures. A model produced with our systems
may be used as a sales tool, as a model or part display, or simply for use in
conducting a focus group. It may also be used for accelerated collaboration in
product design and manufacturing cycles at multiple locations, enabling
visualization and tactile response, which can be critical to product
development or sales process. Our solutions also empower end-users to quickly and efficiently deploy parts to incorporate into their manufacturing process and improve its effectiveness while at the same time lowering costs. For instance, our solutions enable the production of
manufacturing aids and tools such as jigs, fixtures,
casts and injection molds aiding in the production and assembly process. These solutions are often faster to produce than through
traditional methods, and frequently cost less. Materials like nylon carbon
fiber enable these printed products to be both exceptionally strong and
lightweight. Additive
manufacturing of end-use-parts, using our solutions, is a growing focus of our
offerings to customers, and is attractive in applications requiring fast, short-run
or low-mid-volume parts where tooling would not be cost-efficient. Our
solutions enable the production of objects that generally could not otherwise
be manufactured through subtractive manufacturing methodologies. 39 Table of Contents In addition, our solutions enable doctors to train and plan medical procedures
based on medical models, created by our printers, as well as create surgical
guides to support complex surgeries. In the dental space, our PolyJet solutions
enable dental labs to create dental and orthodontic, patient specific models
and guides and devices for various applications, based on digital dentistry workflow. Our solutions offerings are characterized by the following distinguishing qualities: material properties of printed objects, such as heat resistance, toughness, brittleness, elongation-to-break, color and flexibility; quality of printed objects measured by, among other things, resolution, accuracy and surface quality; c onsistency
of produced parts in a run or batch; multiple production-grade modeling materials; reliability of printing systems; fast
time to part; efficiency
of operations with software workflows; customer service; • ease of use; and • automatic, hands-free support removal and
minimal post processing . 40 Table of Contents Range of technologies and differentiating factors Our solutions are driven by our
proprietary technologies,
which we have both developed organically and acquired over time through
targeted acquisitions. We hold approximately 1, 700 patents and pending patents
internationally, and our 3D printing systems utilize our patented
extrusion-based FDM®, inkjet-based
PolyJet ™, powder-bed-based
SAF™, photopolymer-based P 3 , and stereolithography technologies to enable the production of prototypes, tools
used for production, and manufactured goods directly from 3D CAD files or other
3D co ntent. We believe that our broad range of
product and service offerings is a function of our 3D printing technology leadership. FDM. A
key attribute of our FDM ® 3D printing technology is its ability to
use a variety of production grade thermoplastic materials featuring surface
resolution, chemical and heat resistance, color, and mechanical properties
necessary for production of functional prototypes and parts for a variety of
industries with specific demands and requirements. Use of these materials also
enables the production of highly durable end parts and objects with soluble
cores for the manufacture of hollow parts, the manufacture of which were
previously dependent on slower and more expensive subtractive manufacturing
technologies. We believe this technology is differentiated by factors making it appropriate for 3D printing and additive manufacturing, including: • ability to use FDM ® systems in an office environment due to the absence of hazardous emissions; • low post-production processing requirements; • minimal material waste; • build repeatability; • ease of use, with minimal system set-up requirements; • absence of costly replacement lasers and laser parts; and • a high degree of precision and reliability. PolyJet. We believe that our inkjet-based 3D printing
technology is differentiated from other competing technologies in its ability
to scale and deliver high-resolution and multi-material, full-color 3D
printing, down to the voxel level, in an office environment system. Our
easy-to-use PolyJet™ 3D printers create
high-resolution, smooth surface finish models with the look, feel and
functionality of the final designed product. We offer a wide variety of
office-friendly resin consumables, including rigid and flexible (rubber-like)
materials, materials for medical applications that simulate the biomechanical
properties of human tissue, and bio-compatible materials for dental
applications. Using our PolyJet digital materials technology, our solutions
offer unique quality 3D printing systems depositing multiple materials
simultaneously. This enables users, in a single build process, to print parts,
assemblies, and composite materials made of multiple materials-each retaining
its distinct mechanical and physical properties. For example, users can print
objects with both rigid and flexible portions in a single build or mix
different base colors to achieve a desired color tone. The PolyJet technology
enables on-demand mixing of a variety of resins to create a broad range of
pre-defined digital materials, which are composite materials with modified
physical or mechanical and color properties. This includes ‘Pantone® Validated’
colors, allowing us to support more than 600,000 color
and texture combinations, including the industry’s clearest material, nearly as
clear as glass, with a wide range of color and texture combinations, which is a
key differentiating attribute of our 3D printers. In 2022, we began
offering tailored PolyJet solutions with 3DFashion™ technology designed
specifically for end-use apparel applications. 41 Table of Contents Stereolithography. Our stereolithography technology enables the
production of high-quality, durable parts that meet the requirements of a wide
range of applications, as well as additive manufacturing prototypes and tools.
Industrial stereolithography systems are well-established in the 3D printing
industry for applications such as large prototypes, tooling, investment casting
patterns, and orthodontic clear aligner molds. They provide quality surface
finish, large build sizes, a fast time to print, and an affordable cost per
part. We believe that the Neo line
of systems (acquired via RPS in February 2021) is superior relative to other
solutions currently available due to an open choice of resins, system reliability,
low service requirements, simple day-to-day operation, and accurate builds. With
access to our strong global channels, we believe we can bring these benefits to
many more manufacturing organizations. Our latest acquisition of the Covestro
Additive Manufacturing business unit (which is expected to close at the beginning
of the second
quarter of 2023) completes our stereolithography offering with the strong
Somos® materials portfolio for stereolithography printers. Somos materials are
widely known and appreciated for their mechanical properties, printing
performance, high quality, and repeatable builds. These materials with our Neo
systems offering will provide an attractive and differentiated offering over
the current stereolithography solutions in the market. P 3 Our
P3 resin-based 3D printing technology,
which we added to our solutions portfolio through our acquisition of Origin,
provides a best-in-class combination of detail, mechanical properties and
throughput for mass production parts. We believe we have the strongest
materials portfolio in the category - including everything from aerospace-grade
flame-resistant materials to biocompatible materials from leading companies
like BASF, Henkel and Covestro. The P3 platform is software-based and cloud-connected so we can
easily optimize our platform for our customers, including cloud-based upgrades. In October, we announced that the P3 printers can
now use our GrabCAD Print software, which simplifies 3D printing workflows and
brings a more consistent user experience across our technologies. Recently, we
have also demonstrated automated large-scale production using our
P3 technology together with post-processing units. We believe that such
differentiated solutions, with the unique P3 platform and strong materials
portfolio, will support wide adoption of the technology in the market by
industrial production customers. SAF. SAF
Selective Absorption Fusion technology was developed via our joint venture with
Xaar plc, Xaar 3D Ltd., which we acquired in 2021. SAF is an
industrial-grade additive manufacturing technology designed to deliver
production-level throughput for end-use parts. Representing the culmination of
more than 10 years of research and development, SAF-based 3D printers can
deliver a competitive cost per part with the part quality, consistency, and
reliability that ensures satisfaction and high production yield. The SAF
technology uses a counter-rotating roller to coat powder bed layers onto a
print bed and prints absorber fluid to image the part layers. The imaged layers
are fused by passing an infrared lamp over the entire span of the print bed.
SAF technology executes these key process steps in the same direction across
the print bed to provide a uniform thermal experience - and therefore part
consistency - for all printed parts regardless of their placement in the build.
H Series™ 3D printers using SAF use materials by leading third party materials
providers, including PA11, which is derived from sustainable castor oil. We also plan to develop SAF materials internally
via our prospective acquisition of Covestro Additive Manufacturing. We
believe that the range of 3D printing consumable materials , together with the
broad set of materials in our materials ecosystem, that we offer, is
the widest in the industry. Our consumable materials consist of
over 61 FDM spool-based filament materials, 49 PolyJet cartridge-based resin
materials, and 158 functional
materials. These materials yield a large variety of digital
materials that reflect over 600,000 color
variations, transparency,
opacity and flexibility levels . Our competitive strengths We believe that the following are our key competitive strengths: 42 Table of Contents • Differentiated product offerings with superior part quality. Our portfolio of 3D printing systems is differentiated through a
combination of superior printing qualities, accuracy, print speed, the ability
to print a range of materials with varying levels of strength, chemical and
heat resistance, color and mechanical properties, the ability to print multiple
materials simultaneously and suitability for office environments. Our offering is focused on high-end
solutions to
address customer needs from prototyping applications to complex manufacturing operations . Our FDM-based systems enable the highly precise printing of engineering and
 high-performance thermoplastic materials, enabling a wide range of
 manufacturing applications with little or no post-production processing. Our PolyJet inkjet-based
systems are used in multiple prototyping solutions as well as in manufacturing
applications, particularly in higher growth industries such as healthcare and
dental. The systems jet ultra-thin
layers of material, enabling voxel level control of the deposited materials,
part realism (m ulti materials and colors), high accuracy and resolution and
smooth finish to printed models. For use with these various types of systems we
offer a wide variety of office-friendly resin consumables, including rigid,
flexible (rubber-like), transparent and color materials. This unique quality printing system utilizes
the simultaneous jetting of up to six materials to enable end-users to print
models, in virtually unlimited combinations, in a single build. Our P3-based systems, which we added to our solutions
portfolio via the acquisition of Origin, offer a best-in-class combination of
detail, mechanical properties and throughput for mass manufacturing production
parts. This addition allows us to expand
our leadership through innovation in the fast-growing mass production parts
segment in industries such as dental, medical, tooling, and select industrial,
defense, and consumer good segments. The P3 technology is an advancement on DLP principles ,whereby liquid
photopolymer resin is cured with light. Our
Origin One 3D printers offer precisely controls light, heat, and force, among other
parameters, via Origin's closed-loop feedback software. This new technology
enables customers to build parts with industry-leading accuracy, consistency,
size and detail, while using a wide range of commercial-grade, durable resins. Our powder bed
 fusion (PBF) SAF-based systems, which launched at the end of 2021, expand
 our total addressable market across multiple segments, including
 commercial goods (frequent demand for short and medium run production),
 automotive (production parts at competitive speeds), consumer goods
 (pre-production parts, short runs, and specialty production), and service
 bureaus (an excellent high-utilization environment for a wide variety of
 components. Our industrial stereolithography RPS’ Neo line of
systems/printers feature dynamic and variable laser beam technology that
enables build accuracy, feature detail, excellent side wall quality and low
variability across the full extent of a large build platform. As open resin
systems, the Neo products provide customers a choice of materials that deliver
a wide range of properties such as chemical resistance, heat tolerance,
flexibility durability and optical clarity. • Integrated solutions offering/ecosystem - We believe our customers are looking for primary partner for polymer additive manufacturing, which we believe we are uniquely able to provide. We provide integrated solutions offering that include compatible products and services that are designed to meet the full gamut of our clients’ needs in an efficient manner, consisting of a broad range of systems, consumables, software and services, including: • 3D printers; • materials; • GrabCAD software; • professional services; • parts on demand; • vertical applications; • partnerships and alliances; and • enhanced collaboration among industry professionals, via our GrabCAD Community, which provides engineers and designers a resource for CAD models and helps them communicate ideas and share designs. 43 Table of Contents • Proprietary technology platforms with multidisciplinary technological expertise. We believe that our proprietary 3D FDM, 3D inkjet-based PolyJet, P3 and SAF printing engines offer end users the versatility and differentiated features necessary for a wide variety of current and potential applications. We combine our proprietary hardware platforms, featuring widely-deployed inkjet printer heads or easy-to-use extrusion heads with integrated software and a wide range of proprietary materials to develop and produce leading 3D printing systems. • Leading Direct Manufacturing Business. Our Stratasys Direct Manufacturing service
business is one of the largest and leading AM parts service providers globally.
This unit’s knowledge of and experience in AM, including materials and systems
know-how, and AM end-use parts production has
enhanced our manufacturing offering suite. For example, the
Stratasys Direct team has helped accelerate our product development for the
Origin One and H350 3D printers to improve their performance in production
environments. Furthermore, Stratasys Direct
enables us to offer a broader solution to our customers, catering to more of
their 3D printing needs, whether by supply of 3D printers or of 3D printed
parts through cross-sell or
infinite capacity extension. We believe this offering creates
better customer intimacy and a competitive advantage for Stratasys. • Synergies between SDM and 3D printer sales businesses. Our Stratasys Direct
Manufacturing’s AM parts service business has been capitalizing on the
synergies between it and our 3D printer sales business. Stratasys Direct Manufacturing works closely with
 our North American sales organization and benefits from access
to some of the largest customers for our 3D printing systems, who have been
increasingly relying upon Stratasys Direct Manufacturing for production parts
and development needs. • Diverse, global customer base. We have a broad
customer base, ranging from global market leading brands to small businesses
and professionals and individuals. Our end-users include companies across a wide range
of industries and applications, including automotive, aerospace, dental
laboratories, consumer products, educational institutions, defense, medical
analysis, medical systems, electronics, and heavy equipment. • Large and growing installed base. Our differentiated offerings have led to a large and growing installed base. The significant installed base has resulted in greater distribution reach and enhanced opportunities for cross selling, given the significantly broadened and complementary product offerings. It furthermore presents us with an opportunity to generate recurring revenues from sales of consumables and services to the installed base. • Extensive global reach. With over 200 channel partners around the world, we are well positioned to leverage the extensive geographic reach of our marketing, sales and support organization to serve customers and grow awareness of 3D printing for prototyping, design and manufacturing. This level of service and support is becoming an especially critical differentiator as our customers adopt 3D printing for more operationally critical manufacturing applications. • • Increased accessibility and ease of use for customers. Our GrabCAD Additive Manufacturing software platform and our GrabCAD Community enable designers, engineers, and machine operators to easily manage our 3D printing systems at scale. • GrabCAD Print provides native CAD job programming along with traditional 3D file formats (STL, VRML), thereby reducing time and errors in job planning and resulting in high quality printed parts. We have also introduced a paid version with advanced features for the H350 3D printer that improve first print quality and reduce cost per part. 44 Table of Contents • GrabCAD Shop provides scheduling, remote monitoring and analytics , which provides visibility to
managers and operators across our technologies. That
enables work order management for organizations that have
dedicated operators , by providing centralized, 3D printing services to engineers and designers. • GrabCAD Connect provides two-way SDK integration
for a variety of third party software applications, dramatically extending the
value of our platform • GrabCAD Community is the online community of over 13 million professional engineers, designers, manufacturers and students who share best practices via tutorials, discussion forums, design/print challenges and 3D content. Our growth strategy We are focused on polymers, which we view as the biggest
potential
profit pool in the industry. Our solutions deliver value to every touchpoint
across the product lifecycle. The key elements of our strategy
for growth include the following: • Having the broadest technology offering in the
sector. We offer five best-in-class technologies for
every step in the product lifecycle – from concept through manufacturing. We
believe that the proliferation of 3D content, advancements in AM technology
platforms and the introduction of improved materials will continue to drive
growth in 3D printing. We expect to see
that growth result in a major shift towards more manufacturing application
solutions as compared to primarily focusing on design and prototyping. We will continue to invest in the
identification of new applications (especially manufacturing applications) for
which our proprietary printing technologies, software and materials are
appropriate. This approach has resulted in the broadest offering of polymer 3D
printing solutions in our industry, serving an unequalled array of end markets. • Possessing an unmatched Go-to-Market
infrastructure. We believe our network of over 200 channel partners is the
largest and most experienced in the industry. This is a competitive advantage
that we believe is not easily or inexpensively replicated. Our goal is to reach
new customers and increase sales to existing customers by leveraging that
network and providing access to new solutions that address customers’ specific
needs. These solutions include those offered by our Stratasys Direct
Manufacturing service. As part of this strategy, we intend to grow awareness of
3D printing solutions for prototyping and manufacturing and to develop industry-specific sales channels as part of our effort to commercialize a broader range
of new manufacturing and production applications. • Possessing deep application engineering
experience. Our people have the deepest application
engineering expertise in the industry, which allows us to educate customers and
drive future innovation. We have in place today an offering of
solutions that includes the complete gamut of compatible systems, consumables,
software and services (parts on-demand, professional and expert consulting
services) that are designed to meet our clients’ needs in an integrated, complete
manner. We will seek to extend our technological capabilities by
addressing manufacturing applications and continuing to invest in our R&D
efforts, which focus on enhancing our 3D PolyJet and FDM printing technologies
as well as developing new innovative solutions for 3D printing and exploring
inorganic opportunities for new printing technologies. We believe that by
enhancing our AM technological capabilities and by developing and introducing
new materials for our 3D printing and production systems, we will be able to
increase both the size of, and our share of, the 3D printing marketplace. • Having a resilient business model designed to
scale as opportunities present themselves. Our corporate and Go-to-Market infrastructures
are positioned to effectively absorb, scale and create operating leverage for key
opportunities that can complement and grow our leading position in polymers as they arise, all while providing operating
leverage to the company. We are also
positioned to weather unexpected downturns like the one we have seen from the
pandemic, and to scale up during times of growth, capturing market share and
increasing revenues, margins, and earnings. We are not dependent on any one
client or end market, as evidenced by our not having any one customer represent
greater than 5% of our revenues. 45 Table of Contents • Adding more value through software , both from our partners and ourselves . We offer Industry 4.0-ready systems that include
API integration to leading manufacturing software solutions.On the one hand, that
makes it easier to add more systems and use them more intensively.(“Connect one Stratasys printer– connect them all”) and on the other hand, it enables our obtaining new
value from our software partners. Enabling our customers to see the systems and
materials usage in real time helps them to enhance our own technological offerings much easier. This
enables us to provide our customers with advanced remote features like remote
support, predictive support and materials replenishment. That, in turn, generates sales of
our integrated solutions. Products and services Our products We offer a dedicated suite of products for applications such as rapid prototyping (RP), tooling, and manufacturing parts. Our products include 3D printing systems, consumable materials, software and services. Collectively, this portfolio of products
offers a broad range of performance options for our customers, depending on
their application, the nature and size of the designs, prototypes, and/or final
parts desired. Our products are available at a variety of different price
points and include entry-level desktop 3D printers, a range of mid- systems
for prototyping and end use
parts production , and large production systems for additive
manufacturing at scale . We also offer a range of 3D
printing materials (as described under “Consumable materials” below). The
performance of our different systems varies in terms of capabilities, which are
related to the following features: • print speed; • resolution; • materials; • resin cartridge capacity / filament spool size; • maximum model (or tray) size; • repeatability; and • duty cycle, or the number of parts that a printer can produce over a given period of time without requiring maintenance. Our systems are integrated with our
software and are supported by services provided to our customers, both directly
and through our reseller channel. 46 Table of Contents Printing systems We offer a series of printing systems that
address the largest parts of the addressable market for polymer
3D printing . Our 3D printing systems, which are based on our proprietary FDM- (Fused Deposition
Modeling), PolyJet, P3, SAF and stereolithography technologies, are described below: PolyJet printers Our PolyJet
technology-based, high-end printing systems offer the ability to print eight multiple
materials including color printing in a single part build. The Stratasys J8
Series printers break restrictive technology barriers, enabling customers to
print more than 500,000 different color shades and textures, including Pantone®
Validated colors, and multiple material properties- ranging from rigid to
flexible, and opaque to transparent. They also 3D prints concept models twice as
fast as our previous generation printers, supported by a low-cost
DraftGrey material. Our J55 3D Printer makes that same fast, full-color
design realism accessible to designers and teams everywhere in an
office-friendly format and smaller footprint. At about a third the price of J8
Series printers, the J55 including high fidelity and five simultaneously
printer materials enabling nearly 600,000 colors or a variety of materials providing tactile,
textual, and sensory capabilities. We also introduced a complementary J35™ Pro
3D printer in 2021, which is an all-in-one, multi material desktop 3D printer
for designers and engineers needing up to three materials. Both J8 Series 3D printers and the J55 printer support KeyShot 3D
rendering software, enabling designers to save KeyShot designs directly in the
new 3MF format and produce 3D printed models in a single day, when traditional
modeling can take one-to-three weeks. The J55 3D
printer is also now available in two industry-specific versions, the J5
DentaJet™ and the J5 MediJet™. The J5 DentaJet is the industry’s 3D printer
able to accommodate mixed trays of dental parts. The J5 MediJet is designed to produce
anatomic visual models and drilling and cutting guides that are sterilizable
and biocompatible. The Stratasys J850 Digital Anatomy™ printer helps medical device
companies optimize design throughout the product lifecycle. It 3D prints with
GelMatrix™ resin, TissueMatrix™ resin and BoneMatrix™ resin -three new materials which,
when combined, form over 100 new, unique digital materials to suit anatomical
applications. These materials, when used for 3D printing, produce medical
models and anatomies that achieve a true-to-life feel and response. This
includes both soft tissues, including organs and blood vessels as small as 1mm
in diameter, as well as porous bone structures, fibrotic tissues, and
ligaments. Recently, we released an additional unique software tool
to our medical offering, the Digital Anatomy Creator, allowing seamless
creation of different anatomical structures by customizing specific
bio-mechanical properties and color using the available materials. This is an
advanced differentiated extension of our GrabCAD software for medical users. 47 Table of Contents FDM printers Stratasys’
market-leading FDM portfolio of printers has reached a milestone of 35,000
installed printers. FDM printers are
designed to meet a wide range of applications, from prototyping to manufacturing tools, to production parts. The F-Series printers, made up of the F170, F370, F770, F190CR and F370CR models, are
designed to meet end-to-end prototyping jigs & fixtures. The Fortus Series, made up of the F450 and F900 models,
largely suit the production of end parts as well as higher requirement jigs
& fixtures, and toolin g. The F Series printers enable prototypes that range
from rapid, economically-effective concept verification models in PLA material/
fast-draft mode, to advanced design validation prototypes using a 0.005-inch
slice resolution and soluble support for unmatched precision, repeatability and
aesthetics. The F Series product line allows users to create parts in PLA, ABS
plus, ASA, TPU, ABS-ESD, Diran and PC-ABS materials, which parts therefore
possess the strength required for true form, fit and functional testing. The F
Series printers are designed to enable ease of use and maintenance while
offering an easy-to-use, yet rich user experience with GrabCAD Print software. In
2022, we introduced the composite ready F190CR and F370CR hardened printers
that can print Nylon 10CF .
These new printers meet customer demand for manufacturing floor jigs, fixtures
and tooling with a higher performance composite material. The Stratasys Fortus 380mc and
450mc 3D printers build high-performance parts in customary materials, but with advanced
complexity higher requirements needed for current-day production
manufacturers. Fortus 450 has carbon filled composites for functional
prototypes, production parts and rugged tooling. Additionally, an acceleration
of material development—of Validated Materials—has significantly expanded the
application set. Furthermore, an option to purchase OpenAM allows users to
unlock and tune new custom materials. These systems are run via easy-to-use interfaces and software
controls, making them user-friendly in producing complex parts more
efficiently. The Stratasys F900 offers a
streamlined workflow and easier job-monitoring with an internal camera and
GrabCAD Print software. Standard certifications are included, eliminating the
effort and cost to qualify the 3D printer for the user's production floor.
Additionally, the Aircraft Interiors Solution continues to qualify
more materials , which allows
a faster, simpler path for certifying additive manufactured parts for
aircraft installation, and the Rail Industry Solutions . In 2022, we divested our former subsidiary
MakerBot, which was merged with Ultimaker. In connection with the merger, a
distribution partnership was established whereby Stratasys-exclusive
distributors can sell MakerBot and Ultimaker products . Stereolithography printers Our Neo® line of industrial stereolithography 3D
printers feature dynamic laser beam technology that enables build accuracy,
feature detail, and low variability across the full extent of a large build
platform. As an open resin system, the Neo products provide customers materials
with a wide range of properties, such as chemical resistance, heat tolerance,
flexibility, durability, and optical clarity, as well as low service
requirements, reliability and accurate builds. All Neo systems are Industry
4.0-ready with Titanium™ control software that includes a camera, network
connectivity, support remote diagnostics, and mid-build parameter
customization. The printers can automatically email progress reports on the
job. The Neo line of printers provides a significant build area in a small
footprint, with simple day-to-day operation. The largest printer, the Neo800,
features a 31.5 x 31.5 x 23.6 in. build volume. The Neo450s and 450e address
customer needs for smaller printers, at 17.72 x 17.72 x 15.75 in. We initiated
sales of this line of systems following our acquisition of RPS in February
2021. Following our acquisition of Covestro Additive Manufacturing
business unit (which is expected to close at the beginning of the second quarter of 2023), we will also offer the Somos® materials portfolio for
stereolithography printers. Somos materials range from easy-to-use general
purpose materials, like the WaterShed line, to high performance stiff materials
for tooling and wind tunnel applications, like the PerFORM line, to
Bio-Compatible materials for different medical applications. 48 Table of Contents Origin P3
printers The Origin One 3D printer, which is now be
generally available since the beginning of 2022, uses P 3™ (Programmable PhotoPolymerization) technology to precisely control light, heat, and force, among
other variables, to produce parts with exceptional accuracy and consistency.
Origin engages with a network of materials partners (like BASF, Henkel , Evonik, and Covestro ), who work to develop a wide range of commercial-grade materials for this P 3 system,
resulting in some of the toughest and most resilient materials in additive
manufacturing. This addition adds Origin’s software-centric additive
manufacturing solution that offers best-in-class printing technology based on
digital light processing for production-oriented polymer applications and
accelerates our expansion into mass production additive manufacturing. We also previously announced a dental-specific
version of the Origin One, the Origin One Dental, ideal for printing higher
volumes of accurate, single-material dental parts. SAF
printers At the end
of 2021, we began shipping the first SAF technology-based 3D printer, the H350,
in the U.S. and Europe. Throughout 2022, we shipped the H350 to wider
territories, including Asia, Israel and New Zealand H Series™ Production Platform printers such as the
H350 are designed to give manufacturers production
consistency, a competitive and predictable cost per part, and complete
production control for volumes of thousands of parts. The H350 printer itself
was manufactured with a dozen different 3D printed parts made with SAF
technology. The printer is designed to meet the needs of customers in
industries such as commercial goods, automotive, and consumer goods and
electronics that benefit from the ability to quickly produce large volumes of
3D-printed parts with compelling and predictable economics. The H350 provides
several control features designed to ensure the system is production-ready. All
build data is logged for process traceability and remains fully under the
customer’s control. Materials can be controlled, tracked and traced, and print
settings can be fine-tuned for each customer’s needs. We offer customers validated
third-party materials, including PA11 and PA12. We announced GrabCAD Print
software for the H350 in late 2021. Key vertical target markets for printing systems To further strengthen our leadership position and following our strategy to deepen the focus on additive manufacturing, tooling and rapid prototyping for specific vertical markets, we have announced a variety of technology and go-to-market partnerships for various key vertical markets, such as automotive, aerospace, consumer products and healthcare. Consumable materials We sell a broad range of 3D printing materials,
consisting of over 61 FDM spool-based filament materials, 49
PolyJet cartridge-based resin materials, and 158 functional
materials. These materials yield a large variety of digital
materials that reflect over 600,000 color
variations, transparency, opacity and flexibility levels, for
use in our 3D printers and production systems. Our Polyjet color standards have
been validated by Pantone® standards. The sale of these materials provides us
with a recurring revenue stream from users of our 3D printers and production
systems. Previously, in 2021, we announced a new hybrid ecosystem model for our
3D printing materials. The Stratasys Material Ecosystem is designed to enable
manufacturing customers to address new applications with demanding requirements
while also having dual sources for materials. The ecosystem includes : ● Stratasys Preferred: Preferred by Stratasys for its
customers for the highest-performance applications. These materials are
engineered specifically for Stratasys printers to provide the best combination
of material and printer performance and are developed either by Stratasys or
third-party material partners. All currently available Stratasys-made materials
are Stratasys Preferred. ● Stratasys Validated: Materials validated by
Stratasys with basic reliability testing to accelerate the expansion of
material options available in the marketplace. ● Open: Unvalidated materials accessible via an
annual OpenAM Software License ( OASL ). These materials may offer unique attributes
and the potential to address new applications but they have not received
validation testing or optimization on Stratasys printers. 49 Table of Contents We believe this model will help accelerate the move
to additive manufacturing at scale and encourage more utilization of its
printers. Preferred and Validated materials are sold through Stratasys
channels. The materials we sell are described below: FDM materials The modeling and support filament used in
the FDM-based 3D printers and production systems features a wide variety of
production grade thermoplastic materials. We continue to develop filament modeling
materials that meet our customers’ needs for increased speed, strength,
accuracy, surface resolution, chemical and heat resistance, color, and
mechanical properties. These materials are processed into our proprietary
filament form, which is then utilized by our FDM systems. Our spool-based
system has proven to be a significant advantage for our products, because it
allows the user to quickly change material by simply mounting the lightweight
spool and feeding the desired filament into the FDM print
and production devices. Currently, we have a variety of build
materials in multiple colors commercially available for use with our FDM
technology. Each material has specific characteristics that make it appropriate for various applications. The ability to use different materials allows the user to match the material to the end use application, whether it is a pattern for tooling, a concept model, a functional prototype, a manufacturing tool, or an end use part. PolyJet materials Our resin consumables, which consist of
our PolyJet family of proprietary acrylic-based photopolymer materials as well
as our other inkjet-based systems, enable users to create highly accurate,
finely detailed 3D models and parts for a wide range of prototype development
and customized manufacturing applications. The wide variety of resins within
the PolyJet family is characterized by transparent, colored, or opaque visual
properties and flexible, rigid or other physical properties. Support materials that
are used together with the model materials enable the 3D printing of models
with a wide array of complex geometries. Our resin-based materials are produced
in-house and are specially designed for our printing systems. We have invested significant research and development efforts in optimizing our PolyJet materials for use with inkjet technology. These efforts are reflected in the properties of these materials, which enable them to be packaged, stored, combined and readily cured upon printing. Our PolyJet materials are packaged in cartridges for safe handling and are suitable for use in office environments. The polymerized materials can also be machined, drilled, chrome-plated or painted in most cases. Stereolithography materials Our stereolithography materials are primarily from the
Covestro Additive Manufacturing SOMOS™ portfolio. The materials can offer a
variety of functional prototyping solutions, by the way of delivering flexible,
durable, rigid, high temperature or clear materials, to simulate production-targeted
polymers. In August 2022 we signed a definitive agreement to purchase the
assets of Covestro's AM materials business, including all of the SOMOS™
portfolio. This acquisition is expected to close at the beginning of the second quarter of 2023. Additionally,
several materials can be utilized for manufacturing applications, such as jigs
and fixtures, investment casting, injection mold or composite tooling
applications. This range
of materials enables us to offer a range of solutions from concept modeling and
prototyping, to manufacturing. 50 Table of Contents Software Software is an integral part of our
solutions-based, go-to-market strategy. Built on cloud, desktop and mobile
technologies, the GrabCAD Additive Manufacturing Platform is an open and enterprise-ready
software platform that enables manufacturers to manage production-scale
additive manufacturing operations. Stratasys’ platform is specifically designed
for the unique needs of additive manufacturing across the entire digital thread
- from design through production - while also integrating with Industry 4.0
infrastructure and enterprise applications. As of February,
2023 , the platform consists of more than 42,200application users, 19 ,000
3D printers, and over 6,300 workflow users. The platform processes [35] gigabytes of data streams per day.
Several components are included in the platform: GrabCAD Print, our job programming
software, enables the unique features of our 3D printing technologies such as
creating lightweight, structurally sound infills for FDM, and multi-material
and color and material management for PolyJet. The feature set of GrabCAD Print
is designed to make the process of creating high-quality, highly detailed and
accurate models accessible to users in Engineering and Design Offices,
Enterprise Model Shops, Manufacturing and Health Care markets. GrabCAD Print natively reads commonly used 3D CAD file formats as well as traditional STL and VRML files, transforming them into the appropriate code to operate our 3D printing systems. Our software provides a robust range of features, including structural toolpath and infill controls, color and appearance management, multi-material management, automatic support generation, part scaling, positioning and nesting, as well as geometric editing capabilities. Our scheduling software includes capabilities to manage the operations of one or more printers including tray packing and optimization, job estimation, system availability, scheduling and monitoring via desktop, web or mobile devices. Additionally, analytics information is available in the form of standard utilization, material usage and job history reports enabling managers and operators to maximize the use of our 3D printing systems. GrabCAD Streamline Shop simplifies the 3D Printing Shop workflow by substantially improving the way teams manage and collaborate on prototyping work orders. Engineers, designers and shop operators minimize time-to-part by sharing a common work space to simplify print work order management, communicating requirements accurately and focusing on delivering quality prints on time. The GrabCAD Streamline Software
Development Kit (SDK) enables companies and Independent Software Vendors (ISVs)
to integrate Stratasys 3D printing at production scale with existing design and
manufacturing software applications infrastructure to support enterprise goals
such as system connectivity, compliance and workflow automation. The GrabCAD SDK
leverages standard protocols such as MTConnect and provides Application
Programming Interfaces (API’s), documentation, sample code and a professional
support network. The GrabCAD Software Partner Program is available to
Independent Software Vendors (ISVs) wishing to integrate into the GrabCAD AM Platform. The GrabCAD Software Partner Program makes up a robust ecosystem of software
partners in Additive Manufacturing powered by Stratasys. Stratasys
provides access to GrabCAD SDK — a complete set of developer tools to
support technical integration as well as world class support and joint
marketing. GrabCAD Community is
the online community of over six million professional engineers, designers,
manufacturers and students who share best practices via tutorials, discussion
forums, design/print challenges and 3D content. Our software is available in nine languages to promote usage in the regions worldwide in which we operate. 51 Table of Contents Online Community GrabCAD Community We operate the GrabCAD
Community for mechanical engineers, designers, manufacturers and students where
members can share best practices via tutorials, discussion forums, and
design/print challenges. They can also upload and download free CAD models and
access our GrabCAD Print and Workbench software. This community had more than 13 million members and over 1 .7 million CAD files available for free download as of the end of 2022. Our services Support services and warranty Customer support Our customer success department provides on-site system installation, operator training, a full range of maintenance and repair services and remote technical support to users of our products. We provide support to our customers directly and through our resellers, ensuring that support and parts may be readily obtained worldwide. We also offer advanced training to our customers and preventive maintenance, particularly on our high-performance systems. Our support network consists of the following: • Stratasys-certified engineers who provide worldwide, on-site installation, training and support; • direct support engineers through our company; • indirect support engineers through certified partners, including third-party service organizations or selected resellers who provide support for our systems; • phone and direct on-site company support in eight languages, and resellers indirect support in local languages; • service logistics in key regional centers; • training facilities and resources in regional centers; • customer-relationship management (CRM) system and learning management system (LMS) to ensure high-quality support for our customers and resellers, including secure remote access to a customer service database containing service history and technical documentation to aid in troubleshooting and repairing systems; 52 Table of Contents • free content on YouTube to help self-maintenance
and troubleshooting ; • support, tools and up-to-date information to our direct customer and distribution channels from our product support engineering team; • full range of commercial service programs to support the high utilization of our 3D printers and our customers’ unique needs; and • an e-commerce platform allowing for smooth and fast purchasing of our 3D printing materials. Our goal is to ensure maximum uptime and productivity for our AM systems. In order to do so, we regularly update the technical documentation related to our systems, offer extensive training courses for operators and promote proactive knowledge sharing designed to help users maximize the value of their equipment and to expand the applications for which they employ our 3D printing and production systems. We offer services on a time and materials basis, as well as a full range of post-warranty maintenance contracts with varying levels of support and pricing, as described below under “Extended support programs.” Customer support is represented on cross-functional product development teams within our company to ensure that products are designed for serviceability and to provide our internal design and engineering departments with feedback on field issues. Failure analysis, corrective action, and continuation engineering efforts are driven by data collected in the field. Ongoing customer support initiatives include the development of advanced diagnostic and troubleshooting techniques and comprehensive preventative maintenance programs, an expanded training and certification program for Stratasys and Stratasys partners’ technical personnel, and improved communication between the field and the factory. 53 Table of Contents Basic warranty Our printing systems are sold with warranties that range from 90 days to, typically, one year from installation, depending upon the product line and geographic location. Warranties are typically accompanied by on-site maintenance support. Receipt of maintenance and repair services after the warranty period is subject to the terms of our extended support programs, to the extent purchased by the end-user, as described below. Extended support programs Recognizing that our end-users have varying support needs, we offer a range of support programs that enable our end-users to continue to receive maintenance services beyond the initial warranty period. These support programs contain varying degrees of the support services described above and are priced accordingly. Leasing and other services We have arrangements, in certain countries, in which third-party financial institutions independently provide lease financing directly to our customers, on a non-recourse basis to the Company. In these arrangements, we sell and transfer title of the equipment to these financial institutions. Generally, we have no continuing ownership rights in the equipment subsequent to its sale. In addition, we provide pay-per-usage subscription services for our 3D printers and 3D production systems via partners in our global manufacturing network. The revenues generated from such program were insignificant. We also offer a ‘Try and Buy’ program, which provides businesses the ability to try out a 3D printer prior to deciding whether or not it’s the right fit for their company. The potential purchasers of a 3D printer receive customer support from our company during the trial period. Stratasys Direct Manufacturing paid-parts service Stratasys
Direct Manufacturing is a contract manufacturing service provider of parts
on-demand via polymer 3D printing processes. With over 30 years of experience,
Stratasys Direct provides rapid
prototyping and production parts using the broadest set of polymer additive
technologies of any service bureau in North America and backed by experts ready
for the most complex projects.  With Stratasys Direct,
customers can quickly design, innovate and meet demands of any complexity or
scale by accessing the right expertise, industrial-grade 3D printing
technologies, and materials without the capital expense. Stratasys Direct pioneered additive manufacturing production applications and
specializes in guiding customers from concept development and prototyping
through short-run production and long-term manufacturing. Stratasys and
Stratasys Direct work together to help
Stratasys customers meet their needs with infinite manufacturing capacity or access to technologies they do not have in-house.
Stratasys Direct Manufacturing also operates an ecommerce service for
quick-turn parts, www.stratasysdirect.com, which enables its customers to
obtain quotes and order parts around the clock, seven days a week. Customers We have a diverse set of customers
worldwide, including, among other prominent companies: General Motors; BAE
Systems; Boeing; Blue Origin, the U.S. Navy and the Mayo Clinic. No
single customer or group of affiliated customers nor any individual sales agent
or group of affiliated sales agents accounted for more th an 5% of our sales in
2022, 2021 or 2020. Our solutions are used across a wide array of applications
in a variety of different industries. 54 Table of Contents Marketing, sales and distribution Marketing Our marketing strategies are focused on increasing awareness and thought leadership for our product and solution areas, strengthening our leadership brand position in the market, and in key vertical industries such as automotive, aerospace, medical, dental, fashion education and consumer goods, accelerating and supporting sales growth, and increasing customer loyalty and customer lifetime value. We initiate thought-leadership, public and industry analyst relations and product launch programs as well as integrated campaigns targeted to extend and deepen the relationship with our existing customers and win new customers, driving demand and lead generation throughout our strategic markets in which we and our resellers and agents operate. We use a variety of inbound and outbound marketing
methods to reach potential customers. Examples of inbound methods include
digital marketing demand and lead generation programs such as blogs, social
media, search marketing SEO, SEM ,
lead nurturing with webinars, white papers and other means. Outbound channel
examples include digital and print communication programs, public relations,
direct mail and e-mail campaigns, virtual and
in-person tradeshows and roadshows, thought leadership events,
newsletters, industry associations and referrals. In addition, we have built
and maintain on-site product and technology demonstration capabilities in
certain regional offices across the world. Our resellers play a crucial role in the success of
our business. To help them grow and thrive, we provide them with the necessary
tools and support. We offer our resellers a range of marketing support, and
services to help them effectively promote and sell our products. This includes
providing access to our marketing materials, such as brochures and product
guides, as well as offering co-marketing opportunities to help boost their
visibility and drive sales. Additionally, we offer training and education
programs to ensure that our resellers have the knowledge and skills necessary
to effectively market and sell our products. We measure and analyze the success of various marketing initiatives and strive to identify current and future customer needs. Based on our analysis, we create and update our product roadmaps and individual marketing plans to help optimize distribution while helping ensure a smooth process of release, ramp-up and sales of our products. Sales distribution methods Our sales organization sells, distributes and provides
follow-up support services with respect to our AM systems and related
consumables, through a worldwide sales and marketing infrastructure. We
generally use two methods for distribution and support: (i) sales to resellers
who purchase and resell our products and through whom follow-up support and
maintenance services and replacement parts are provided to end-users; and (ii)
direct sales of systems or services to end-users without the involvement of any
intermediaries, for which all aspects of our sales and follow-up services are
handled exclusively by our company. Our resellers are overseen by regional
managers and operate on a non-exclusive basis, although we believe that most do
not sell competing AM systems. Almost all of the reseller locations that distribute
our products have our AM systems available for tradeshows, product
demonstrations, and other promotional activities. Additionally, many of them
enjoy a long-term presence and offer third-party 3D CAD software packages in
their respective territories, enabling them to cross-sell our systems to
customers who purchase those other products. In addition to
traditional direct sales and reseller-based sales of our AM systems and related consumables, we also utilize
an online customer/partner digital hub which serves as a direct digital method
for distribution of our products. The online hub acts as a point of sale for
consumables, software and spare parts to end-users who own our systems. Geographic structure of sales organization The primary sales organization for our 3D
printers and production systems including related consumables, materials and
services is divided into groups based on the following geographical regions:
Americas; Europe and Middle East; North Asia and South Asia .
This structure allows us to align our sales and marketing resources with our
diverse customer base. Our sales organization in each region provides sales
support to the network of independent reseller and sales agent locations
throughout the particular region. We also operate sales and service centers in
various locations throughout North America and internationally, including:
Baden-Baden, Germany; Shanghai, China; and Tokyo, Japan. 55 Table of Contents Manufacturing and suppliers Manufacturing The manufacturing process for our 3D printing and
production FDM, PolyJet and stereolithography ,
or SL, technology systems consists of assembling those systems using
both off-the-shelf and customized components manufactured specifically for us
and producing and packaging the consumables products to be used by those
systems. Our core competencies include FDM, PolyJet and SL systems
assembly and integration, software installation and resin and filament
manufacturing. The majority of those activities are done internally at our
facilities. We currently operate on a build-to-forecast basis and obtain all
parts used in the FDM and PolyJet systems manufacturing process from either
distributors of standard electrical or mechanical parts or custom fabricators
of our proprietary designs. Our manufacturers and suppliers are periodically
assessed by us based on their on-time performance and quality. We purchase major component parts for our
FDM, PolyJet and SL systems from various suppliers, subcontractors and other
sources, and test those parts in our U.S., Israeli and U.K facilities. Computer-based Material Requirements
Planning, or MRP, is used for reordering to better ensure on-time delivery of
parts and raw materials. Operators and assemblers are trained on assembly and
test procedures including Assembly Requirement Documents, which originate in engineering.
In the manufacturing processes for our FDM, PolyJet and SL systems, and for our
consumables, we employ a Quality Management System, or QMS, that meets
international quality standards including ISO 9001:2008 and ISO 13485:2003, in
the case of medical devices. We also outsource the manufacturing of main
subassemblies up to fully assembled systems ready for integration. The system assembly process for our FDM,
PolyJet and SL systems includes semi-automated functional tests of key
subassemblies. Key functional characteristics are verified through these tests,
and the results are stored in a statistical database. Upon completion of the assembly of our 3D
printing and production FDM, PolyJet and
SL systems, we perform a complete power up and final quality tests to help
ensure the quality of those products before shipment to customers. The final
quality tests must be run error-free before the FDM, PolyJet and SL systems can
be cleared for shipment. We maintain a history log of all FDM, PolyJet and SL products
that shows revision level configuration and a complete history during the
manufacturing and test process. All identified issues on the FDM, PolyJet and SL
systems during the manufacturing process are logged, tracked and used to make
continuous production process improvements. The commonality of designs among
our different FDM, PolyJet and SL product families eases the transition to
manufacturing new designs. Our filament production have
used Factory Physics ® techniques to manage critical buffers of time,
capacity and inventory to ensure product availability. We also use the “5S”
method (Sort, Set-in-order, Shine, Standardize and Sustain) and a continuous
improvement system as part of our lean manufacturing initiatives to improve
organization and efficiency. 56 Table of Contents Inventory and suppliers We maintain an inventory of parts to facilitate the timely assembly of products required by our production plan. While most components are available from multiple suppliers, certain components used in our systems and consumables are only available from single or limited sources. In particular, the printer heads for our PolyJet 3D printing systems are supplied by a sole supplier, Ricoh. We consider our single and limited-source suppliers (including Ricoh) to be reliable, but the loss of one of these suppliers could result in the delay of the manufacture and delivery of the relevant components (and, ultimately, of our products). This type of delay could require us to find and re-qualify the component supplied by one or more new vendors. Although we consider our relationships with our suppliers to be good, we continue to develop risk management plans for these critical suppliers. In order to hedge against the risk of a discontinuation of the supply of our inkjet printer heads in particular, we maintain a reasonable supply of excess inventory of printer heads. Ricoh Agreement We purchase the printer heads for our inkjet 3D printing systems from Ricoh pursuant to an OEM Purchase and License Agreement with Ricoh, or the Ricoh Agreement. Under the Ricoh Agreement, we place orders for print heads and associated electronic components, or the Ricoh Products. Together with provision of these items, Ricoh provides us with a non-transferable, non-exclusive right to assemble, use and sell the Ricoh Products under Ricoh’s patent rights and trade secrets. Pricing under the Ricoh Agreement depends on the quantity of Ricoh Products that we purchase during any given month, and to the extent that we commit to a certain annual minimum prior to an upcoming year, we receive a set, discounted price for all Ricoh Products ordered during that upcoming year. The Ricoh Agreement ran for an initial term of five years (which we renewed in September 2016) and automatically renews for additional one-year periods thereafter unless either party provides the other six months’ advance written notice of termination prior to the end of the then-current term. The Ricoh Agreement may be cancelled by either party if (i) the other party substantially breaches any material provision of the agreement and has not cured such breach within 30 days of receipt of written notice thereof, or (ii) upon the occurrence of certain bankruptcy events, and may furthermore be cancelled by Ricoh if we fail to cure a breach of an undisputed payment obligation within thirty (30) days of the breach. At any time during the term of the Ricoh Agreement, Ricoh may discontinue the manufacture and supply of a print head model, so long as it provides us with at least eighteen (18) months’ prior written notice of such discontinuance and honors all of our purchase orders for the subject print head model within the notice period. During the period of five years from the earlier of either the termination of the Ricoh Agreement or the date of discontinuance of the manufacture of Ricoh Products (that is, following the 18-month notice period described in the previous sentence), we are entitled to purchase additional Ricoh Products for the sole purpose of providing replacements for the installed base of Ricoh Products, including one final purchase order that we may place in the final year of such five-year period and that must be filled by Ricoh within twelve months of when it is placed. The Ricoh Agreement may not be assigned by either party without the other party’s prior written consent, which may not be unreasonably withheld. 57 Table of Contents Research and development We maintain an ongoing
program of research and development, or R&D, to develop new systems and
materials and to enhance our existing product lines, as well as to improve and
expand the capabilities of our systems and related software and materials. This
includes significant technology platform developments for our FDM, PolyJet, P 3 , SAF and SL technologies, our AM systems,
including our integrated software, and our family of proprietary acrylic-based
photopolymer materials for PolyJet printing, and our family of proprietary thermoplastic materials
for FDM printing. Our research aims
to develop both incremental and disruptive improvements, as well as more
affordable products. Our engineering development efforts also focus on customer
requested enhancements, and development of new modeling processes, software and
user applications. In particular, we have devoted significant time and
resources to the development of a universally compatible and user-friendly
software system. Our R&D department is divided into groups based on scientific disciplines and product lines. We continue to standardize our product platforms, leveraging each new design so that it will result in multiple product offerings that are developed faster and at reduced expense. We invest a significant amount of our resources in
R&D, because we believe that superior technology is a key to maintaining a
leading market position. Our net R&D expenses were approximately $92.9 million, $88.3 million and $84.0 million in the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Our consumable
materials development and production operations for our FDM and PolyJet systems
are located at our facilities in Eden Prairie, MN, Rehovot, Israel, and Kiryat
Gat, Israel. We regard the consumable materials formulation and manufacturing
process as a trade secret and hold patent claims related to these products. We
purchase and formulate raw materials for our consumables production from
various polymer resin and thermoplastic materials suppliers with different
levels of processing and value-add applied to the raw materials. Intellectual property We consider our proprietary technology to
be important to the development, manufacture, and sale of our products and seek
to protect such technology through a combination of patents, trade secrets, and
confidentiality agreements and other contractual arrangements with our
employees, consultants, customers and others. All patents and patent
applications for additive manufacturing processes and apparatuses associated
with our technology were assigned to us by those inventors. The principal
granted patents relate to our FDM systems, our PolyJet technologies, our 3D
printing processes and our consumables, certain of which have already expired
and certain of which have expiration dates ranging from 2023 to 2039. We are also a party to various licenses and other arrangements that allow us to practice and improve our technology under a broad range of patents, patent applications and other intellectual property, including a cross-license agreement with 3D Systems Corporation under which each party licensed certain patents of the other party, an assignment of rights to us related to UV polymer-based U.S. patents, which underlie certain technologies that compete with ours, and a patent license agreement with Cornell University providing access to certain tool changer patents. In addition, we own certain registered trademarks and
make use of a number of additional registered and unregistered trademarks,
including “Stratasys,” the Stratasys Signet logo, “Objet,” “PolyJet,” “Connex,”
”J8 Series,” “J850,” “J826,” “J750,” “J700,” “J5,” “J35,” “J55”, Vero,”
“VeroFlex,” “VeroUltra,” “VeroVivid,” “Tango,” “Durus,” “Rigur,”
“Elastico,” “FDM,” “Fortus,” “F123 Series,”
“F370,” “F900,” “F770,” “Insight,” “Antero,” “Diran,” “Origin ,” “Origin
One ,” “P 3 ,” “Stratasys Direct Manufacturing,” “Stratasys
Direct,” “GrabCAD,” “GrabCAD Print,” “GrabCAD Shop,” “GrabCAD Community,” “ DentaJet,” Medijet” “Digital
Anatomy,” “TissueMatrix,” “GelMatrix,”
“BoneMatrix,” “ 3DFashion,” “TechStyle,” “ Neo,” “ Neo800,”
“Neo450,” “ H350,” “SAF,” “Big Wave,” and
“Selective Absorption Fusion.” We believe that, while our patents provide us with a competitive advantage, our success depends on our marketing, business development, applications know-how and ongoing research and development efforts, in addition to our rights under granted and pending patents. Accordingly, we believe that the expiration of any single patent, or the failure of any of single patent application to result in an issued patent, would not be material to our business or financial position. In any event, there can be no assurance that our patents or other intellectual property rights will afford us a meaningful competitive advantage. Please see the risk factor related to the expiration of our patents in “Item 3.D Risk Factors-Risks related to our intellectual property.” 58 Table of Contents Competition Our principal competitors consist of other developers
of additive manufacturing systems as well as other companies that use fused
deposition modeling or inkjet-based or vat polymerization or digital light processing (DLP) or power
bed fusion technologies to compete in additive manufacturing. The companies that use these technologies to compete
with us include, inter alia, 3D Systems Corporation, EOS GmbH, HP, Carbon,
Inc., Formlabs, Markforged, Inc. and Desktop
Metal (following their acquisition of EnvisionTEC). These technologies, which compete for additive manufacturing users, possess various competitive advantages and disadvantages relative to one another within the key categories upon which competition centers, including resolution, accuracy, surface quality, variety and properties of the materials they use and produce, capacity, speed, color, transparency, the ability to print multiple materials and others. Due to these multiple categories, end-users usually make purchasing decisions as to which technology to choose based on the characteristics that they value most. This decision is often application specific. The competitive environment that has developed is therefore intense and dynamic, as players often position their technologies to capture demand in various verticals simultaneously. We are positioned to compete in our industry mainly on the following bases, which we view as competitive strengths: • material properties of printed objects, such as heat resistance, toughness, brittleness, elongation-to-break, color and flexibility; • quality of printed objects measured by, among other things, resolution, accuracy and surface quality; • multiple production-grade modeling materials; • our offering of the best multi-color, multi-material 3D printing systems in the market; • reliability and repeatability of our printing systems; • ease of use, including of one-step automated modeling process. • automatic, hands-free support removal; • high level of customer service; and • deep application domain know-how and expert services, including among our channel network. We offer a wide range of systems with varying features, capacities and price points. We believe that this enables us to compete with the other additive manufacturing technologies for a wide range of customers with a variety of applications and goals for their additive manufacturing. We also compete with companies that use traditional prototype development and customized manufacturing technologies, and expect future competition to arise from the development of new technologies or techniques. 59 Table of Contents Seasonality Historically, our results of operations have been subject to seasonal factors. Stronger demand for our products has historically occurred in our fourth quarter primarily due to our customers’ capital expenditure budget cycles and our sales compensation incentive programs. Our first and third quarters have historically been our weakest quarters for overall unit demand. The first quarter is typically a slow quarter for capital expenditures in general. The third quarter is typically when we see our largest volume of educational related sales, which normally qualify for special discounts as part of our long-term penetration strategy. The COVID-19 pandemic shifted our
seasonality and we have not seen a steady pattern from year to year
as to the level of demand in the
various quarters since the second quarter of 2020. We experience seasonality within individual fiscal quarters, as a substantial percentage of our system sales often occur within the last month of each fiscal quarter. This trend has the potential to expose our quarterly or annual operating results to the risk of unexpected, decreased revenues in the case of our inability to build systems, consummate sales and recognize the accompanying revenues prior to the end of a given quarter. Global operations We have offices in, among other locations, Brazil,
China, Germany, Hong Kong, Israel, Japan, Korea, India, Mexico, the United
Kingdom and the United States, and organize our operations by geographic
region, focusing upon the following key regions: the Americas; Europe and Asia
Pacific. Our products are distributed in each of these regions, as well as in
other parts of the world. Our customers are dispersed geographically, and we
are not reliant on any single country or region for most of our product sales
and services revenues, although 63.8% of ou r 2022 revenues were generated in the
Americas and our Stratasys Direct Manufacturing printed parts services are primarily based in the United
States and therefore reliant on United States customers. A breakdown of our
consolidated revenues by geographic markets and by categories of operations
(that is system, consumables and services) for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021
and 2020
is provided in “Item 5.A Operating and Financial Review and Prospects-Operating
Results.” In maintaining global operations, our business is exposed to risks
inherent in such operations, including currency fluctuations, market
conditions, and inflation in the primary locations in which our operating
expenditures are incurred. Information on currency exchange risk, market risk,
and inflationary risk appears elsewhere in this annual report in “Item 3.D Risk
Factors” and in “Item 11. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosure About Market
Risk-Foreign Currency Exchange Risk”. Employees The total number of our full-time
equivalent employees, and the distribution of our employees (i) geographically
and (ii) within the divisions of our company, in each case as of December 31, 2022,
2021 and 2020, are set forth in this annual report in “Item 6.D Directors,
Senior Management and Employees—Employees”. Government regulation We are subject to various local, state and federal laws, regulations and agencies that affect businesses generally. These include: • regulations promulgated by federal and state environmental and health agencies; • foreign environmental regulations, as described under “Environmental, Social and Governance Matters” immediately below; • the federal Occupational Safety and Health Administration; • the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act; • laws pertaining to the hiring, treatment, safety and discharge of employees; • export control regulations for U.S. made products; • Israeli tax
regulations, as described under “Israeli Tax Considerations and Government
Programs” below; and • CE regulations for the European market. 60 Table of Contents Effective as of
February 2023, as a result of the launch of our first certified medical device
with TrueDent resin in the United States, we are now also subject to medical
device regulations, such as the U.S. FDA Code of Federal Regulations. Environmental , Social
and Governance Matters Stratasys is Championing Mindful
Manufacturing™, with a commitment to 3D Printing a Better Tomorrow™ for people
and the planet In April 2021 Stratasys
published its first-ever ESG & Sustainability report, declaring its environmental, social and
governance (ESG) strategy, commitment and activities, based on the GRI (“Global
Reporting Initiative”) Standards for sustainability reporting. Our commitment to strategic Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG) activity is
a cornerstone of our purpose: to empower people to create without limits for an
economic, personalized and sustainable world. Stratasys, with broad input from both employees and customers and the support
of our board of directors, prioritized four UN Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) for our company : 1 -Responsible
consumption and production 2- Industry
infrastructure and innovation 3- Climate
action 4- Quality
education Today,
we continue to advance our efforts to promote “Mindful Manufacturing.” This
means driving global growth in manufacturing through 3D printing in a way that promotes a positive social and
environmental impact. In particular, 3D printing is uniquely positioned to address
pressing climate issues— localizing supply chains to reduce the carbon
footprint incurred by air and sea freight, enabling the production of strong
but lighter weight parts, and reducing the energy requirements of the
production process itself. We are at work with improvement efforts,
externally and internally, that bring value around our four UN SDGs and our
Mindful Manufacturing™ mission. Environmental As a
global leader in polymer additive manufacturing solutions, with the broadest
portfolio in the industry, Stratasys is focused on making an impact, across
industries. Our efforts in this arena are two-fold: (i) We target an improved circular economy .
This entails advancing the digital processes that support our additive
technologies, for manufacturing. We focus on improved reliability, for less
physical iterations; we support digital inventories that can be printed
on-demand; we offer naturally sourced printing material.
we look to improve the way in which finite natural resources are employed in our
printing processes–energy and water; and, we offer recycling options as well. (ii) We aim to harness our expertise to drive innovation . This means expanding our roadmap to include
products that enable the production of parts that have a reduced carbon
footprint. Imagine cars running with durable 3D printed parts that weigh 30%
less than before and provide the same reliability at the same level of quality. Manufacturing is resource-intensive by nature design . It
is important to note, however, that 3D printing
works in a manner that can
be far more environmentally friendly than alternative,
traditional production methods. Working with industry leaders in aerospace,
automotive, healthcare , fashion and consumer production companies, Stratasys has the
ability to enable our customers to reduce their carbon footprints in a
meaningful way . We
base our work on data and research and plan on publishing ‘Life Cycle
Analysis’ reports to make the scientific case for greener manufacturing. To
this end, we have become a founding member of the Additive Manufacturer Green
Trade Association (AMGTA), which promotes the environmental case for the entire
3D printing industry. Right
now, Stratasys offers Scope 1 & 2 data on its activities – having
collected data on our operations and internal consumption with the goal of
improvement across our global sites, year-over-year. This includes installing
solar panels and beginning to generate renewable energy or our
manufacturing sites, for example. We have set our initial baseline (i.e., our
initially measured emissions levels from which we seek to only improve), not
because regulation and compliance require this, but rather because we
believe this is a more meaningful way for our business to make an impact; it is
our corporate responsibility to create a world where future generations can
thrive. 61 Table of Contents Environmental
Compliance We are subject to various environmental,
health and safety laws, regulations and permitting requirements, including (but
not limited to) those governing the emission and discharge of hazardous
materials into ground, air or water; noise emissions; the generation, storage,
use, management and disposal of hazardous and other waste; the import, export
and registration of chemicals; the cleanup of contaminated sites; and the
health and safety of our employees. Based on information currently available to
us, we do not expect environmental costs and contingencies to have a material
adverse effect on our operations. The operation of our facilities, does however, entail risks in these areas. Significant expenditures could be required in the
future to comply with environmental or health and safety laws, regulations or
requirements. Certain of these compliance requirements are imposed by our
customers, who at times require us to be registered with U.S. Health or Safety regulatory agencies, whether on the federal or state level. Under environmental laws and regulations, we are
required to obtain environmental permits from governmental authorities for
certain operations. In particular, in Israel, where we assemble our
inkjet-based PolyJet 3D printing systems and manufacture our resin consumables,
businesses storing or using certain hazardous materials, including materials
necessary for our Israeli manufacturing process, are required, pursuant to the
Israeli Dangerous Substances Law 5753-1993, to obtain a toxin permit from the
Ministry of Environmental Protection. We
maintain the effectiveness of two Israeli toxin permits for our
respective Israeli sites . In the European marketplace, amongst
others, electrical and electronic equipment is required to comply with the
Directive on Waste Electrical and Electronic Equipment of the European Union
(EU), which aims to prevent waste by encouraging reuse and recycling, and the
EU Directive on Restriction of Use of Certain Hazardous Substances, which
restricts the use of various hazardous substances in electrical and electronic
products. Our products and certain components of such products “put on the
market” in the EU (whether or not manufactured in the EU) are subject to these
directives. Additionally, we are required to comply with certain laws,
regulations and directives, including TSCA in the United States, as well as
REACH, RoHS and CLP in the EU, governing chemicals. These and similar laws and
regulations require, amongst others, the registration, evaluation, authorization
and labeling of certain chemicals that we use and ship. Social Per our defined SDG’s, the
Stratasys Sustainability commitment extends beyond environmental
sustainability. For example, we are proud of our ”People First” approach to
business. We put environmental health and safety, or EHS, as a top priority,
securing the health and safety of our employees, through clear policies and
annual training, and this year will be implementing an EHS data management
platform. We also
continue to be active members in our local communities, with
meaningful Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR) activity around the world. Specifically, we are committed to
leveraging the value of 3D printing to
benefit our local communities through
meaningful partnerships and personal employee contributions via our global
volunteer network. Our main areas of focus are in leveraging Stratasys
technologies in pursuing quality education (according to our commitment to SDG
#4) and to advancement in patient care for medical cases. For example, in the US, we leverage our
technologies to advance next generation tech and robotics enthusiasts via our
long-term partnership with FIRST Robotics. We launched our Diversity Equity and
Inclusion program in 2021 and are a proud platinum sponsor of Technology,
Industry, People, Economics (TIPE) Women in 3D Printing. We continue to advance
an inclusion program to address internal opportunities across all human
resource touch points (hiring, learning and development) with a KPI that calls
for 100% candidate slates that include at least one female and one male, for
director and more senior positions. In addition, we have substantial
representation on our board of directors for women (25%) since well before
it became a requirement. Governance ESG , is strongly rooted in the structure of corporate management practices and the
disclosure that
creates transparency around them. We also publish a
standardized ESG & Sustainability report, available to the public, around
all ESG topics defined by the GRI standard and addressed in alignment
with a periodic materiality assessment . This is a foundation
for our ethical global operations, as the 3D printing company with the largest install
base among industry-leading companies. We have a long-standing Code of Ethics
and have also extended our culture and values to our suppliers via a suppliers’
code of conduct. We are required to report financial data as a public company,
yet we extend beyond the minimum obligation and provide more comprehensive
quarterly analysis of our results for the market, allowing us to better engage
with the broader investment community. We conduct quarterly internal updates
for employees and team leaders at our company to share business updates openly
and share ongoing developments with our global teams.We also publish
a standardized ESG & Sustainability report, available to the public, around
all ESG topics defined by the GRI standard and addressed in alignment with a periodic materiality assessment. 62 Table of Contents We
strive for clarity, engagement and care. It is our goal to deliver on our
purpose, in everything we do: We live as a corporate body by our values:
Innovate; Be Customer First; Aim Higher; Own It; and Make it Together. Nasdaq Board Diversity Matrix
Board Diversity Matrix for | Stratasys Ltd.
As of | July 6, 2022
Total Number of Directors | 8
Part I: Gender Identity | Female | Male | Non-Binary | Did Not Disclose Gender
Directors | 2 | 6 | - | -
Part II: Demographic Background
African American or Black | - | - | - | -
Alaskan Native or American Indian | - | - | - | -
Asian | - | - | - | -
Nasdag Board Diversity Matrix
Hispanic or Latinx | - | - | - | -
Native Hawaiian or Pacific Islander | - | - | - | -
White | 2 | 6 | - | -
Two or More Races or Ethnicities | - | -
LGBTQ+ | -
Did Not Disclose Demographic Background | - 63 Table of Contents Israeli Tax Considerations and Government Programs Tax regulations
also have a material impact on our business, particularly in Israel where we
are organized and have one of our headquarters. The following is a summary of
certain aspects of the current tax structure applicable to companies in Israel,
with special reference to its effect on us (and our operations, in particular).
The following also contains a discussion of the Israeli government programs applicable
for us. To the
extent that the discussion is based on new tax legislation that has not been
subject to judicial or administrative interpretation, we cannot assure you that
the tax authorities or the courts will accept the views expressed in this
discussion. This discussion does not address all of the Israeli tax provisions
that may be relevant to our Company. For a discussion of the Israeli tax
consequences related to ownership of our capital stock, please see “Israeli
Taxation Considerations” in Item 10.E below. General Corporate Tax Structure in Israel Generally, Israeli companies are subject to corporate tax on their taxable income. Since 2018, the corporate tax rate has been 23%. However, the effective tax rate payable by a company that derives income from an “Approved Enterprise”, a “Beneficiary Enterprise” or a “Preferred Enterprise”, a “Special Preferred Enterprise”, a “Preferred Technology Enterprise” or “Special Preferred Technology Enterprise” as further discussed below, may be considerably lower. See “Law for the Encouragement of Capital Investments” in this Item below. Capital gains derived by an Israeli company are generally subject to the prevailing regular corporate tax rate. Besides being subject to the general corporate tax rules in Israel, we have also, from time to time, applied for and received certain grants and tax benefits from, and participate in, programs sponsored by the Government of Israel, described below. Israeli Law for the Encouragement of
Industry (Taxation), 1969 The Company is an “Industrial Company” as
defined by the Israeli Law for the Encouragement of Industry (Taxation), 1969,
and, as such, is entitled to certain tax benefits including accelerated
depreciation, deduction of public offering expenses in three equal annual
installments and amortization of other intangible property rights for tax
purposes. Law for the Encouragement of Capital Investments Tax incentives programs which were relevant for the company
until financial year 2020 The Law for the Encouragement of Capital Investments, 5719-1959, to which we refer as the Investment Law, provides certain incentives for capital investments in a production facility (or other eligible assets). Generally, an investment program that is implemented in accordance with the provisions of the Investment Law, which may be either an “Approved Enterprise”, a “Beneficiary Enterprise” or a “Preferred Enterprise”, a “Special Preferred Enterprise”, a “Preferred Technology Enterprise” or “Special Preferred Technology Enterprise”, is entitled to benefits as discussed below. These benefits may include cash grants from the Israeli government and tax benefits, based upon, among other things, the location within Israel of the facility in which the investment and manufacture activity are made. In order to qualify for these incentives, an Approved Enterprise, a Beneficiary Enterprise or, a Preferred Enterprise, a Special Preferred Enterprise, a Preferred Technology Enterprise or Special Preferred Technology Enterprise, is required to comply with the requirements of the Investment Law. 64 Table of Contents The Investment Law has been amended
several times over the recent years, with the three most significant changes
effective as of April 1, 2005, to which we refer as the 2005 Amendment, as of
January 1, 2011, to which we refer as the 2011 Amendment, and as of January 1,
2017, to which we refer as the 2017 Amendment. Pursuant to the 2005 Amendment,
tax benefits granted in accordance with the provisions of the Investment Law
prior to its revision by the 2005 Amendment, remain in force, but any benefits
granted subsequently are subject to the provisions of the amended Investment
Law. Similarly, the 2011 Amendment introduced new benefits instead of the
benefits granted in accordance with the provisions of the Investment Law prior
to the 2011 Amendment, yet companies entitled to benefits under the Investment
Law as in effect up to January 1, 2011, were entitled to choose to continue to
enjoy such benefits, provided that certain conditions are met, or elect
instead, irrevocably, to forego such benefits and elect for the benefits of the
2011 Amendment. The 2017 Amendment introduces new benefits for Technological
Enterprises, alongside the existing tax benefits. The following discussion is a summary of the Investment Law prior to its amendments as well as the relevant changes contained in the new legislations. Tax benefits for Approved Enterprises approved before April 1, 2005 . Under the Investment Law prior to the 2005 Amendment, a company that wished to receive benefits on its investment program that is implemented in accordance with the provisions of the Investment Law, to which we refer as an “Approved Enterprise”, had to receive an approval from the Israeli Authority for Investments and Development of the Industry and Economy, to which we refer as the Investment Center. Each certificate of approval for an Approved Enterprise relates to a specific investment program in the Approved Enterprise, delineated both by the financial scope of the investment, including sources of funds, and by the physical characteristics of the facility or other assets. An Approved Enterprise may elect to forego any entitlement to the cash grants otherwise available under the Investment Law and, instead, participate in an alternative benefits program. We have chosen to receive the benefits through the alternative benefits program. Under the alternative benefits program, a company’s undistributed income derived from an Approved Enterprise will be exempt from corporate tax for a period of between two and ten years from the first year of taxable income, depending on the geographic location within Israel of the Approved Enterprise, and a reduced corporate tax rate of between 10% to 25% for the remainder of the benefits period, depending on the level of foreign investment in the company in each year, as detailed below. The benefits commence on the date in which that taxable income is first earned. The benefits period under Approved Enterprise status is limited to 12 years from the year in which the production commenced (as determined by the Investment Center), or 14 years from the year of receipt of the approval as an Approved Enterprise, whichever ends earlier. If a company has more than one Approved Enterprise program or if only a portion of its capital investments are approved, its effective tax rate is the result of a weighted combination of the applicable rates. The tax benefits available under any certificate of approval relate only to taxable income attributable to the specific program and are contingent upon meeting the criteria set out in the certificate of approval. Income derived from activity that is not integral to the activity of the Approved Enterprise will not enjoy tax benefits. Our entitlement to the above benefits is subject to fulfillment of certain conditions, according to the law and related regulations. A company that has an Approved Enterprise program is eligible for further tax benefits if it qualifies as a Foreign Investors’ Company, to which we refer as an FIC. An FIC eligible for benefits is essentially a company with a level of foreign investment, as defined in the Investment Law, of more than 25%. The level of foreign investment is measured as the percentage of rights in the company (in terms of shares, rights to profits, voting and appointment of directors), and of combined share and loan capital, that are owned, directly or indirectly, by persons who are not residents of Israel. The determination as to whether or not a company qualifies as a FIC is made on an annual basis according to the lowest level of foreign investment during the year. An FIC that has an Approved Enterprise program will be eligible for an extension of the period during which it is entitled to tax benefits under its Approved Enterprise status (so that the benefits period may be up to ten years) and for further tax benefits if the level of foreign investment exceeds 49%. If a company that has an Approved Enterprise program is a wholly owned subsidiary of another company, then the percentage of foreign investments is determined based on the percentage of foreign investment in the parent company. The corporate tax rates and related levels of foreign investments with respect to an FIC that has an Approved Enterprise program are set forth in the following table: 65 Table of Contents Percentage of non-Israeli ownership | Corporate Tax Rate
Over 25% but less than 49% | up to 25%
49% or more but less than 74% | 20%
74% or more but less than 90% | 15%
90% or more | 10% A company that has elected to participate
in the alternative benefits program and that subsequently pays a dividend (or
deemed dividend, as described below) out of the income derived from the portion
of its facilities that have been granted Approved Enterprise status during the
tax exemption period will be subject to tax in respect of the amount of
dividend distributed (grossed up to reflect such pre-tax income that it would
have had to earn in order to distribute the dividend) at the corporate tax rate
that would have been otherwise applicable if such income had not been
tax-exempted under the alternative benefits program. This rate generally ranges
from 10% to 25%, depending on the level of foreign investment in the company in
each year, as explained above. In addition, dividends paid out of income attributed to an Approved Enterprise (or out of dividends received from a company whose income is attributed to an Approved Enterprise) are generally subject to withholding tax at the rate of 15%, or at a lower rate provided under an applicable tax treaty (subject to the receipt in advance of a valid certificate from the Israel Tax Authority allowing for a reduced tax rate). The 15% tax rate is limited to dividends and distributions out of income derived during the benefits period and actually paid at any time up to 12 years thereafter. After this period, the withholding tax is applied at a rate of up to 30%, or at the lower rate under an applicable tax treaty (subject to the receipt in advance of a valid certificate from the Israel Tax Authority allowing for a reduced tax rate). In the case of an FIC, the 12-year limitation on reduced withholding tax on dividends does not apply. The Investment Law also provides that an Approved Enterprise is entitled to accelerated depreciation on its property and equipment that are included in an approved investment program in the first five years of using the equipment. This benefit is an incentive granted by the Israeli government regardless of whether the alternative benefits program is elected. The benefits available to an Approved Enterprise are subject to the continued fulfillment of conditions stipulated in the Investment Law and its regulations and the criteria in the specific certificate of approval, as described above. If a company does not meet these conditions, it would be required to refund the amount of tax benefits, adjusted to the Israeli consumer price index and interest, or other monetary penalty. We have received the requisite approval, including a
final approval, for our Approved Enterprise investment programs, in accordance
with the Investment Law. The above-described benefits that accompany these
investment programs and our Beneficiary Enterprise investment programs (for
which accompanying benefits are described below) have had the effect,
historically, up to 2020 of reducing our (and before
the Stratasys, Inc.- Objet Ltd. merger, Objet’s) effective consolidated tax
rates considerably lower than the statutory Israeli corporate tax rate, which
for 2018 and onwards has been set at 23 %. Tax benefits under the 2005 Amendment that became effective on April 1, 2005. The 2005 Amendment applies to new investment programs and investment programs commencing after 2004, and does not apply to investment programs approved prior to April 1, 2005. The 2005 Amendment provides that terms and benefits included in any certificate of approval that was granted before the 2005 Amendment became effective (April 1, 2005) will remain subject to the provisions of the Investment Law as in effect on the date of such approval. Pursuant to the 2005 Amendment, the Investment Center will continue to grant Approved Enterprise status to qualifying investments. However, the 2005 Amendment limits the scope of enterprises that may be approved by the Investment Center by setting criteria for the approval of a facility as an Approved Enterprise. An enterprise that qualifies under the new provisions is referred to as a “Beneficiary Enterprise”, rather than “Approved Enterprise”. The 2005 Amendment provides that the approval of the Investment Center is required only for Approved Enterprises that receive cash grants. As a result, a company is no longer required to obtain the advance approval of the Investment Center in order to receive the tax benefits previously available under the alternative benefits program. Rather, a company may claim the tax benefits offered by the Investment Law directly in its tax returns, provided that its facilities meet the criteria for tax benefits set forth in the 2005 Amendment. A company that has a Beneficiary Enterprise may, at its discretion, approach the Israel Tax Authority for a pre-ruling confirming that it is in compliance with the provisions of the Investment Law. 66 Table of Contents Tax benefits are available under the 2005 Amendment to production facilities (or other eligible facilities) which are generally required to derive 25% or more of their business income from export to specific markets with a population of at least 14 million in 2012 (such export criteria will further be increased in the future by 1.4% per annum). In order to receive the tax benefits, the 2005 Amendment states that a company must make an investment which meets certain conditions set forth in the amendment for tax benefits and which exceeds a minimum amount specified in the Investment Law. Such investment entitles a company to receive a Beneficiary Enterprise status with respect to the investment and may be made over a period of no more than three years ending in the year in which the company chose to have the tax benefits apply to the Beneficiary Enterprise. The benefits period under the Beneficiary Enterprise status is limited to 12 years from the year the company chose to have its tax benefits apply. Where a company requests to have the tax benefits apply to an expansion of existing facilities, only the expansion will be considered to be a Beneficiary Enterprise and the company’s effective tax rate will be the weighted average of the applicable rates. In such case, the minimum investment required in order to qualify as a Beneficiary Enterprise must exceed a certain percentage of the value of the company’s production assets before the expansion. The extent of the tax benefits available under the 2005 Amendment to qualifying income of a Beneficiary Enterprise depends on, among other things, the geographic location within Israel of the Beneficiary Enterprise. Such tax benefits include an exemption from corporate tax on undistributed income for a period of between two to ten years, depending on the geographic location of the Beneficiary Enterprise within Israel, and a reduced corporate tax rate of between 10% to 25% for the remainder of the benefits period, depending on the level of foreign investment in the company in each year, as explained above. Dividends paid out of income attributed to a Beneficiary Enterprise will be treated similarly to payment of dividends by an Approved Enterprise under the alternative benefits program. Therefore, dividends paid out of income attributed to a Beneficiary Enterprise (or out of dividends received from a company whose income is attributed to a Beneficiary Enterprise) are generally subject to withholding tax at the rate of 15% or such lower rate as may be provided in an applicable tax treaty (subject to the receipt in advance of a valid certificate from the Israel Tax Authority allowing for a reduced tax rate). The reduced rate of 15% is limited to dividends and distributions out of income attributed to a Beneficiary Enterprise during the benefits period and actually paid at any time up to 12 years thereafter except with respect to an FIC, in which case the 12-year limit does not apply. Furthermore, a company qualifying for tax benefits
under the 2005 Amendment, which pays a dividend (or
deemed dividend, as described below) out
of income attributed to its Beneficiary Enterprise during the tax exemption
period, will be subject to tax in respect of the amount of the dividend
distributed (grossed-up to reflect the pre-tax income that it would have had to
earn in order to distribute the dividend) at the corporate tax rate which would
have otherwise been Israel Tax Authority allowing for a reduced tax rate).
However, if such dividends are paid to an Israeli company, no tax is required
to be withheld. If such dividends are distributed to a foreign company and
other conditions are met, the withholding tax rate will be applicable. 67 Table of Contents The benefits available to a Beneficiary Enterprise are subject to the continued fulfillment of conditions stipulated in the Investment Law and its regulations. If a company does not meet these conditions, it would be required to refund the amount of tax benefits, as adjusted by the Israeli consumer price index and interest, or other monetary penalty. In 2021, the Company gave notice to the Israeli tax authorities that it waived the Approved / Beneficiary
Enterprise regime starting from tax year 2021. Tax incentives programs whi ch may be relevant for the company as
of financial year 2021 Tax benefits under the 2011 Amendment that became effective on January 1, 2011. The 2011 Amendment canceled the availability of the benefits granted in accordance with the provisions of the Investment Law prior to 2011 and, instead, introduced new benefits for income generated by a “Preferred Company” through its Preferred Enterprise (as such terms are defined in the Investment Law) as of January 1, 2011. A Preferred Company is defined as either (i) a company incorporated in Israel which is not wholly owned by a governmental entity, or (ii) a limited partnership that: (a) was registered under the Israeli Partnerships Ordinance and; (b) all of its limited partners are companies incorporated in Israel, but not all of them are governmental entities; which has, among other things, Preferred Enterprise status and is controlled and managed from Israel. Pursuant to the 2011 Amendment, a Preferred Company was entitled to a reduced corporate tax rate of 15% with respect to its preferred income attributed to its Preferred Enterprise in 2011 and 2012, unless the Preferred Enterprise was located in a certain development zone, in which case the rate was 10%. Such corporate tax rate was reduced to 12.5% and 7%, respectively, in 2013 and was increased to 16% and 9%, respectively, in 2014 until 2016. Pursuant to the 2017 Amendment, in 2017 and thereafter, the corporate tax rate for Preferred Enterprise which is located in a certain development zone was decreased to 7.5%, while the reduced corporate tax rate for other development zones remains 16%. Income derived by a Preferred Company from a ‘Special Preferred Enterprise’ (as such term is defined in the Investment Law) would be entitled, during a benefits period of 10 years, to further reduced tax rates of 8%, or to 5% if the Special Preferred Enterprise is located in a certain development zone. Since January 1, 2017, the definition for “Special Preferred Enterprise” includes less stringent conditions. Dividends paid out of preferred income attributed to a Preferred Enterprise or to a Special Preferred Enterprise are generally subject to withholding tax at source at the rate of 20% or such lower rate as may be provided in an applicable tax treaty (subject to the receipt in advance of a valid certificate from the Israel Tax Authority allowing for a reduced tax rate). However, if such dividends are paid to an Israeli company, no tax is required to be withheld (although, if such dividends are subsequently distributed to individuals or a non-Israeli company, withholding tax at a rate of 20% or such lower rate as may be provided in an applicable tax treaty will apply). In 2018-2020, dividends paid out of preferred income attributed to a Special Preferred Enterprise, directly to a foreign parent company, were subject to withholding tax at source at the rate of 5% (temporary provisions). The 2011 Amendment also provided transitional provisions to address companies already enjoying current benefits under the Investment Law. These transitional provisions provide, among other things, that unless an irrevocable request is made to apply the provisions of the Investment Law as amended in 2011 with respect to income to be derived as of January 1, 2011: (i) the terms and benefits included in any certificate of approval that was granted to an Approved Enterprise, which chose to receive grants, before the 2011 Amendment became effective, will remain subject to the provisions of the Investment Law as in effect on the date of such approval, and subject to certain conditions;. (ii) the terms and benefits included in any certificate of approval that was granted to an Approved Enterprise, that had participated in an alternative benefits program, before the 2011 Amendment became effective will remain subject to the provisions of the Investment Law as in effect on the date of such approval, provided that certain conditions are met; and (iii) a Beneficiary Enterprise can elect to continue to benefit from the benefits provided to it before the 2011 Amendment came into effect, provided that certain conditions are met. 68 Table of Contents We have examined the possible effect, if any, of these provisions of the 2011 Amendment on our financial statements and have decided, at this time, not to opt to apply the new benefits under the 2011 Amendment. Tax benefits under the 2017 Amendment that became effective on January 1, 2017. The 2017 Amendment was enacted as part of the Economic Efficiency Law that was published on December 29, 2016, and was effective as of January 1, 2017. The 2017 Amendment provides new tax benefits for two types of “Technology Enterprises”, as described below, and is in addition to the other existing tax beneficial programs under the Investment Law. The 2017 Amendment provides that a technology company satisfying certain conditions will qualify as a “Preferred Technology Enterprise” and will thereby enjoy a reduced corporate tax rate of 12% on income that qualifies as “Preferred Technology Income,” as defined in the Investment Law. The tax rate is further reduced to 7.5% for a Preferred Technology Enterprise located in development zone A. In addition, a Preferred Technology Company will enjoy a reduced corporate tax rate of 12% on capital gain derived from the sale of certain “Benefitted Intangible Assets” (as defined in the Investment Law) to a related foreign company if the Benefitted Intangible Assets were acquired from a foreign company on or after January 1, 2017 for at least NIS 200 million, and the sale receives prior approval from the IIA. The 2017 Amendment further provides that a technology company satisfying certain conditions will qualify as a “Special Preferred Technology Enterprise” and will thereby enjoy a reduced corporate tax rate of 6% on “Preferred Technology Income” regardless of the company’s geographic location within Israel. In addition, a Special Preferred Technology Enterprise will enjoy a reduced corporate tax rate of 6% on capital gain derived from the sale of certain “Benefitted Intangible Assets” to a related foreign company if the Benefitted Intangible Assets were either developed by the Special Preferred Technology Enterprise or acquired from a foreign company on or after January 1, 2017, and the sale received prior approval from the IIA. A Special Preferred Technology Enterprise that acquires Benefitted Intangible Assets from a foreign company for more than NIS 500 million will be eligible for these benefits for at least ten years, subject to certain approvals as specified in the Investment Law. 69 Table of Contents Dividends distributed by a Preferred Technology Enterprise or a Special Preferred Technology Enterprise, paid out of Preferred Technology Income, are generally subject to withholding tax at source at the rate of 20% or such lower rate as may be provided in an applicable tax treaty (subject to the receipt in advance of a valid certificate from the Israel Tax Authority allowing for a reduced tax rate). However, if such dividends are paid to an Israeli company, no tax is required to be withheld. If such dividends are distributed to a foreign company and other conditions are met, the withholding tax rate will be 4%. In 2021 , the Company provided
notice to the Israeli tax authorities that it waived the Approved / Beneficiary
Enterprise regime starting from tax year 2021. The Company is currently
considering its qualification for the 2017 amendment and the term and degree to
which it may be qualified as a Preferred Technology Enterprise or Special
Preferred Technology Enterprise. Tax benefits under 2021 Amendments On November 15, 2021, the Investment Law was amended to
reduce the ability of companies to retain the tax-exempt
profits. Effective August 15, 2021, dividend distributions (or deemed distribution, as described below), will
be treated as if made on a pro-rata basis from all types of earnings, including
Exempt Profits (as defined below). In parallel to the above amendment, the Investment Law was amended
to provide, on a temporary basis, a reduced corporate income tax on the
distribution or release within a year from such amendment of tax-exempt profits
derived by Approved and Benefited Enterprises, which we refer to as Exempt
Profits. The amount of the reduced tax will be determined based on a formula.
In order to qualify for the reduction, the Company must invest certain amounts
in productive assets and research and development in Israel. Following recent Israeli court ruling, certain
transactions (such as acquisitions and intercompany loans) may be treated as
deemed dividend distributions for the purpose of the Encouragement Law
triggering corporate tax on the respective amount of the transaction. On November 13, 2022, the
Company released an amount of approximately $44.8 million out of its Exempt
Profits and accordingly paid reduced tax of approximately $2.9 million. As of December 31,
2022, we had accumulated tax-exempt income of approximately $160.6 million that
is attributable to our various Approved and Beneficiary Enterprise programs. If
such tax-exempt income were to be distributed, it would be taxed at the reduced
corporate tax rate applicable to such income, which would have amounted to
approximately $16.1 million of tax liability as of December 31, 2022. 70 Table of Contents C. Organizational Structure. Our corporate structure includes Stratasys Ltd., our Israeli parent company, and the following main active wholly-owned subsidiary entities: ● Stratasys, Inc., a Delaware
corporation, which was formerly a publicly held company and which became our
indirect, wholly-owned subsidiary as a result of the Stratasys, Inc.- Objet
Ltd. merger. Following our acquisition of Origin in December 2020, Stratasys,
Inc. now has offices and warehouses in San Francisco, California; ● Stratasys Direct, Inc. (our parts
service business unit), a California corporation; ● Stratasys AP Limited, a Hong Kong
limited company, which together with several other subsidiaries (including
Stratasys Japan Co. Ltd., our Japanese subsidiary, and Stratasys Shanghai Ltd.,
our Chinese subsidiary), carries out most of our operations in the Asia Pacific
region; ● Stratasys GMBH, a German limited liability company, which together with
other subsidiaries (including Stratasys Schweiz AG (Stratasys Switzerland
Ltd.), our Swiss subsidiary) carries out our European operations; and ● Stratasys Latin America
Representacao De Equipamentos Ltd., a Brazilian subsidiary, which has commenced
our Brazilian operations. We
also own a 46.5% interest in Ultimaker, which includes the operations of our
former subsidiary, MakerBot, and which offers a
comprehensive solution set of hardware, software and materials for Desktop 3D
printing. Please see the list of subsidiaries appended to this annual report as Exhibit 8 for a complete list of our subsidiaries as of the date of this annual report. D. Property, Plants and Equipment. We have dual headquarters, in Eden Prairie, Minnesota and Rehovot, Israel. Our Eden Prairie, Minnesota headquarters (near Minneapolis) is comprised of executive offices and production facilities that encompassed, as of December 31, 2022, approximately 308,646 square feet, of which we owned 227,100 square feet, in three buildings. Those buildings served the following purposes: system assembly, inventory storage, operations and sales support; manufacturing for one of our Stratasys Direct Manufacturing paid parts service locations; research and development, filament manufacturing, administrative, marketing and sales activities; and expansion of our production capacity for systems and consumables. During 2022, we entered into a new lease of an additional 168,100 square feet for storage purposes, which increases our shipping efficiency and eliminates the cost increase for managing our inventory through third parties. We took that new space as part of our warehouse consolidation project. During 2022 we entered into
a new lease of additional 168,100 square feet for storage purposes which
increases our shipping efficiency and eliminate cost increase for managing our inventory
by 3 rd party as part of Warehouse consolidation project (3) Our new building complex in Rehovot,
Israel, which contains two buildings, is situated on a property that we
purchased in 2015 and encompasses approximately 284,713 square feet. It houses our
Israeli headquarters, research and development facilities and certain marketing
activities. We entered the first building in January 2017 and the second
building in May 2021. 71 Table of Contents As of December 31, 2022, we lease office space (except with respect to our Eden Prairie headquarters facilities and our Rehovot, Israel and Kiryat Gat, Israel facilities, where we own the property) for various purposes, as set forth in the table below. Unless otherwise stated, all of our facilities are fully utilized. Our material tangible fixed assets include, among other things, the properties listed below. Location: | Primary Usage: | Area (Sq. Feet)
Americas:
Eden Prairie, Minnesota | U.S. headquarters | 308,646
Valencia, California | Offices and warehouses | 55,035
San Diego, California | Facilities | 56,383
Belton, Texas | Offices and warehouses | 39,680
Austin, Texas | Facilities | 33,178 | (1
Plymouth, Minnesota | Warehouse | 168,100
Other facilities in Americas | 36,543 | (3
Europe and the Middle East:
Rehovot, Israel | Israeli headquarters | 284,713 | (2)
Kiryat Gat, Israel | Factories and warehouse | 126,617
Rheinmunster, Germany | Europe main office | 55,027
United Kingdom | Offices and lab space | 28,945
Other facilities in EMEA | Offices and lab space | 16,758
Asia Pacific:
Hong Kong | Asia Pacific main office | 4,994
Japan | Sales office | 13,109
China | Sales office | 15,018
Other facilities in Asia Pacific | Office space | 14,913 (1) | Makerbot- Brooklyn NY -36,950 sqf. Since Sep 1 st Makerbot is no longer consolidated by Stratasys and therefore removed from the property list.
(1) | This square footage includes the area of the two buildings of our new Israel headquarters in Rehovot, Israel. The second of those buildings was inhabited by us in May 2021, of which 92,400 square feet was leased by us to a third party under a long-term lease and another 12,119 of square feet was leased by us to another third party for a short term lease that will expire on December 31, 2023.
(3) | The sites Skunkworks, RiverFalls and Pondview were shut down as part of Warehouse consolidation in MN. Origin office in SF will relocate to Israel headquarter during Q1-23. Valencia 2 was merged into Valencia 1 ITEM 4A. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS. None. ITEM 5. OPERATING AND FINANCIAL REVIEW AND PROSPECTS. The following discussion and analysis of
our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction
with our consolidated financial statements and the related notes included in
this annual report. The discussion below contains forward-looking statements
that are based upon our current expectations and are subject to uncertainty and
changes in circumstances. Actual results may differ materially from these
expectations due to inaccurate assumptions and known or unknown risks and
uncertainties, including those identified in “Cautionary Note Regarding
Forward-Looking Statements” and in Item 3.D “Key Information – Risk Factors”,
above. 72 Table of Contents A. Operating Results. Overview of Business and Trend Information We are a global leader in connected, polymer-based
3D printing solutions, across the entire manufacturing value chain. Leveraging
distinct competitive advantages that include a broad set of best-in-class 3D
printing platforms, software, a materials and technology partner ecosystem,
innovative leadership, and global GTM infrastructure, we are positioned to
capture share in a significant and growing global marketplace, with a focus on
manufacturing, which we view as having the largest and fastest growing total
addressable market. Our approximately
1,700 granted and pending additive technology patents to date
have been used to create models, prototypes, manufacturing tools, and
production parts for a multitude of industries including aerospace, automotive,
transportation, healthcare, consumer products, dental, medical, fashion and
education. Our products and comprehensive solutions improve product quality,
development time, cost, time-to-market and patient care. Our 3D ecosystem of
solutions and expertise includes 3D printers, materials, software, expert
services, and on-demand parts production. By the end of 2022, we estimate that
we derived over 32.5 % o f our revenues from
manufacturing solutions. A series of recent acquisitions and other transactions has strengthened our leadership in various facets of our business, and have added incremental growth engines to our platform . Our acquisition, in December 2020, of Origin Laboratories, Inc., or Origin, significantly strengthened our leadership in mass production for polymer 3D printing. Origin’s pioneering approach to additive manufacturing of end-use parts has enabled us to serve a large market with manufacturing-grade 3D printers, utilizing P 3 Programmable PhotoPolymerization. Our acquisition, in the first quarter of 2021, of UK-based RP Support Ltd., or RPS, a provider of industrial stereolithography 3D printers and solutions, provided us with a complementary technology that further expanded our polymer suite of solutions across the product life cycle. Similarly, our acquisition, in November 2021, of all remaining shares of Xaar 3D Ltd. or Xaar, has begun to accelerate our growth in production-scale 3D printing. The recently completed transaction between our former subsidiary, MakerBot, a leader in desktop 3D printing, and Ultimaker, gave us a significant (approximately 46.5%) stake in a new entity that has a broad technology offering, a larger scale, and that is well-capitalized and is therefore better equipped to compete in the attractive desktop 3D printing segment. Our October 2022 asset acquisition from the quality assurance software company Riven, a Berkeley, California-based start-up, enables us to fully integrate its cloud-based software solution into our GrabCAD ® Additive Manufacturing Platform, thereby enabling more manufacturing customers to adopt Stratasys solutions for end-use parts production. Our announced acquisition of Covestro’s additive manufacturing business will give us the ability to accelerate innovative developments in 3D printing materials and to thereby further grow adoption of our newest technologies, including our Origin P3™, Neo ® stereolithography, and H350™ printers, with which Covestro’s resins can be used. Business Performance in Macro-Economic Environment Our current outlook, as
well as our results of operations in the year ended December 31, 2022, should be evaluated in
light of current global macroeconomic conditions, including challenging trends
that have arisen in the post-COVID-19 period. Our revenues in 2022
evidenced improvement compared to 2021, during which our recovery from the COVID-19 pandemic was ongoing, but incomplete. Our revenues in 2022 grew by 7.3% on a year-over-year basis, compared to 2021, when the COVID-19 pandemic was
still adversely impacting our revenues, which percentage revenue growth reflects the adverse impacts
of (i) the disposition of our former subsidiary, MakerBot, in September 2022,
as well as (ii) the depreciation of European currencies against the dollar. Our improved performance in 2022 was primarily driven by a 12.6%
increase in systems revenues, a 4.3%
increase in consumables revenues, and a 5.1% increase in services revenues compared to 2021. Our revenues in 2022 surpassed pre-COVID-19 levels (an improvement of 2.4% compared to 2019), signaling that we have achieved full recovery
from the pandemic with respect to
our top-line results. 73 Table of Contents In 2022, we worked at full-capacity on a global basis, with a high percentage of our employees throughout the world having received vaccines against COVID-19 over the course of the previous year. We
continue to closely monitor macro-economic conditions, including the
headwinds caused by supply chain problems, inflation, increased interest rates
and other trends that have been adversely impacting economic activity on a
global scale in the aftermath of the COVID-19 pandemic, and which have also
adversely affected us. We have been assessing, on an ongoing basis, the
implications of those global conditions for our operations, supply chain, liquidity,
cash flow and customer orders, and have been acting in an effort to mitigate
adverse consequences as needed. We estimate that those conditions have
impacted us most notably by limiting our ability to increase our gross margins
and our operating margins more significantly in the short-term, given the
increased cost of goods and operating expenses associated with global supply
chain problems and inflation. We have used price increases to offset those cost
pressures. Assuming that those logistical issues and inflationary pressures
ease, and the global economy remains relatively stable, we expect that those
margins will improve, as we execute on our growth plans and as a result of a
favorable products mix. Specific developments that may potentially impact our operating performance in an adverse manner include: further actions taken by central banks in Europe and the U.S. to increase interest rates as a means to slow down inflation, which may worsen credit/financing conditions for our customers who purchase our products; potential contraction of economic activities and recessionary conditions that could arise as a result of interest rate increases and a decrease in consumer demand; any further government-mandated shutdowns in China due to COVID-19 outbreaks, which could slow down our supply chain; and the continued depreciated value of the Euro relative to the U.S. dollar, which has been having and may continue to have an adverse impact on the U.S.- denominated value of our European-derived revenues for purposes of our financial statements. We c annot provide any assurances as to the extent of our resilience to the adverse impact of these specific developments in future periods. We ended 2022 with $327.8 million in cash, cash equivalents and short-term deposits. We believe that we are well suited to continue to manage the current global macro-economic climate with a strong balance sheet and no debt, while focusing on cost controls and cash generation. We have continued to selectively apply certain cost controls, which we began doing at the start of the COVID-19 pandemic, while ensuring that our NPI programs are well-funded, and we plan to continue investing as needed in order to support our new product development programs. 74 Table of Contents Key measures of our performance Revenues Our revenues results primarily from sales of (i) our products, which include both our AM systems and related consumable materials, (ii) provision of related services and (iii) our direct manufacturing service. We generate revenues and deliver services principally through the following channels: • sales to resellers, who purchase and resell our products and who provide support services for our printing systems; • sales of systems that are marketed by independent sales agents, pursuant to which we sell directly to end-users, pay commissions to such agents, and directly handle the sale of consumables and provision of support services; and • sales of systems (and all related products and services) as well as our direct manufacturing solutions that we provide to our customers directly. Product revenues Product revenues are influenced by a number of factors, including, among other things, (i) the adoption rate for our products, (ii) end-user product design application and manufacturing activity, and (iii) the capital expenditure budgets of end-users and potential end-users, all of which may be significantly influenced by macroeconomic factors. Product revenues are also impacted by the mix of 3D printers that we sell. Purchases of our 3D printing and production systems, especially our higher-end, higher-priced systems, typically involve longer sales cycles. Product revenues also depend upon the volume of consumables that we sell. Sales of our consumable materials are linked to the number of AM systems that are installed and active worldwide. Sales of consumables are also driven by system usage, which is generally a function of the size of the particular system and the level of design and manufacturing activity and budget of the particular end-user. Larger systems generally use greater amounts of consumables due to their greater capacity and the higher levels of design and production. Services revenues Services revenues derive from (i) maintenance contracts and initial systems warranty; (ii) direct manufacturing paid-parts services; and (iii) other professional service contracts. In addition, in connection with direct sales, we generally charge separately for installation and training. Additional services revenues are generated from services contracts most often entered into directly with end-users subsequent to the expiration of the initial warranty period. 75 Table of Contents Costs of revenues Our costs of revenues consist of costs of
products and costs of services. Costs of products consist primarily of
components and subassemblies purchased for the manufacture of our AM systems
and raw materials, such as thermoplastic and photopolymer materials, for the
manufacture of our consumables, as well as any royalties paid with respect to
sales of certain of those consumables. Costs of products also include
manufacturing and manufacturing-related labor costs, indirect production costs
and depreciation, as well as amortization expense which is mainly related to
developed technology assets acquired as part of our business combinations. Our costs of services revenues consist
primarily of costs of our service personnel, material and other production
costs of our direct manufacturing service business, and installation costs,
which include engineers dedicated to on-site training and support, and travel
costs of these engineers. Both costs of products and costs of services include
related facilities costs. Our most significant components of costs of revenues are costs of materials used for our products, wages and related benefits costs, which together accounted for approximately 64% of our total direct cost of revenues for the year ended December 31, 2022. An additional significant component of our costs of revenues is the amortization expense that we primarily incur in connection with developed technology assets acquired as part of our business combinations. These amortization expenses vary based on the timing and type of acquisitions and estimated useful lives of the respective intangible assets. These amortization expenses were $28.2 million, $ 22.4 million and $15.6 million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. During the year ended December 31, 2020, we recorded under cost of revenues impairment charges $5.3 million , related to our definite life intangible assets. No impairment charges were recorded during 2022 and 2021. Refer to Note 8 of our consolidated financial statements included in Item 18 of this annual report. For the year ended December 31, 2022, a hypothetical 10% rise in commodity prices for raw materials would have caused an approximate $16.5 million increase in costs of revenues in our Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive loss. As to wages and related benefits, a 10% increase in wages due to wage inflation would have caused an approximate $5.1 million increase in costs of revenues in our Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive loss. During 2022, we did not notice particular trends that changed, or were expected to change in the near future, the absolute or relative significance of the components of our costs of revenues in a material manner. We also believe that inflation has not had a material effect on our operations or on our financial condition during the three most recent fiscal years, as we have used price increases to offset the cost
pressures caused by inflation. Currently, we do not foresee a significant change in either the raw materials used for production or wage inflation that would materially impact our business. For further information, please see “Item 11. Quantitative And Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk” in this annual report. 76 Table of Contents Gross profit The gross profit and gross margin for our products are influenced by a number of factors. The most important of these is the mix of our products sold. Specifically, the gross margins on our higher-end AM systems, as well as on our consumables, are typically higher than the gross margins on our entry-level products and MakerBot desktop printers. Accordingly, an increase in the share of revenues of our entry-level products out of total revenues could cause our profit margins to decrease. Furthermore, we believe that as our worldwide installed base of AM systems increases, subsequent sales of our proprietary consumables will also increase. We also seek to reduce our costs of revenues by improving our ability to use less costly components, better management of our inventories levels and increasing manufacturing efficiencies in the production of our systems. In addition, we will also seek to achieve lower material costs and leverage our overall capabilities in our direct manufacturing service business. Products gross margins are also impacted by the mix of revenues generated from sales to resellers based in different geographical areas as opposed to sales that are facilitated by independent sales agents or directly by us. Service gross margins are influenced mainly by the volume of revenues generated from our direct manufacturing service business as well as the ratio of service engineers to our installed base in a given geographic area. Operating expenses Our operating expenses for 2022 consisted of (i) research and development expenses, and (ii) selling, general and administrative expenses. Research and development expenses, net Our research and development activities consist of projects aimed at developing new printing systems and materials and projects aimed at enhancing the capabilities of our existing product lines, as well as significant technology platform and applications, developments for our current technologies, including our integrated software. We also seek to develop disruptive technologies and other process improvement solutions in the additive manufacturing ecosystem. Our research and development expenses consist primarily of employee compensation and employee-related personnel expenses, materials, laboratory supplies, costs for related software and costs for facilities. Expenditures for research, development and engineering of products are expensed as incurred. Our research and development efforts are essential to our future growth and our ability to remain competitive in the AM market. We work closely with existing and potential customers, distribution channels and major resellers, who provide significant feedback for product development and innovation. We are also entitled to reimbursements from certain government funding plans. These reimbursements are recognized as a reduction of expenses as the related cost is incurred. We are not required to pay royalties on sales of products developed using our government funding. Selling, general and administrative expenses Our selling, general and administrative expenses include employee compensation and employee-related expenses for marketing, sales and other sales-operation positions, and for managerial and administrative functions, including executive officers, accounting, legal, information technology and human resources. This category of expenses also covers commissions, advertising and promotions expenses, professional service fees, respective depreciation, amortization expenses related to certain intangible assets, as well as associated overhead. Commissions consist of sales-based commissions to independent sales agents and internal sales personnel. Commission rates vary, depending on the geographic location of the agent, type of products sold, and the degree of achievement of certain performance targets. Our advertising and promotion expenses consist primarily of media advertising costs, trade and consumer marketing expenses and public relations expenses which aim to strengthen the leadership of our brand in key vertical markets. Facilities costs that are included in our selling, general and administrative expenses include an allocated portion of the occupancy costs for our facilities in countries where sales, marketing and administrative personnel are located. Professional service fees for accounting and legal services are also included in selling, general and administrative expenses. 77 Table of Contents 2022 Financial Highlights Significant highlights of our financial performance in 2022 included: • Revenues increased by $44.3 million, or 7.3%, compared to 202 1 . The increase reflects higher revenues in all revenue streams which resulted mainly from our new products offerings. • Operating expenses decreased by $5.7 million, or 1.7%
compared to 2021. The decrease was primarily attributable to a r eduction in contingent c onsideration liabilities of $18.3
million partially offset by higher employee related expenses mainly as a result of higher headcount due to
our recent acquisitions. • G ain from deconsolidation of subsidiary of $39.1 million that resulted from the divestment of MakerBot, our previously consolidated subsidiary. • Net loss amounted to $29.0 million or basic and diluted net loss per share of $0.44 in 2022 , compared to net loss of $62.0 million, or basic and diluted net loss per share of $0.98, in 2021, which was reduction in net loss mainly due to our higher gross profit of $16.4 million, and a reduction in contingent c onsideration liabilities of $18.3 million partially offset by higher employee related expenses and higher tax expenses. Total cash and cash equivalents and restricted
cash amounted to $150.5 million and short-term deposits amounted to $177.4 million
as of December 31, 2022, which, when aggregated together, reflected a decrease
of$174.3 million compared to the corresponding total amount
as of December 31, 2021. The decrease in cash, cash equivalents, restricted
cash and short-term deposits in 2022 was due to increased cash used in operating,
investing and financing activities, which amounted to $ 75.4 million, $7.2 million and $2. 8 million , respectively, in 2022. Results of Operations We are providing within this section a discussion and
analysis of our historical statement of operations data in accordance with
accounting principles generally accepted in the United State of America, or
GAAP. While our financial statements included in Item 18 of this annual report
include data for each of the three years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020,
the discussion and analysis contained in this Item 5.A
is limited to a comparison of our results of operations for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. For a discussion and analysis of our results for the
year ended December 31, 2020, and a comparison of those results with those of the
year ended December 31, 2019, please see “Item 5. Operating and Financial
Review and Prospects—A. Operating Results—Results of Operations” in our annual
Report on Form 20-F for the year ended December 31, 2021, which we filed with
the SEC on February 24, 2022 . The following table sets forth certain financial data derived from our consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss, presented as percentages of our revenues for the years indicated: Year ended December 31,
2022 | 2021
Revenues | 100.0 | % | 100.0 | %
Cost of revenues | 57.6 | % | 57.2 | %
Gross profit | 42.4 | % | 42.8 | %
Research and development, net | 14.3 | % | 14.5 | %
Selling, general and administrative | 37.0 | % | 41.3 | %
Operating loss | (8.8 | )% | (13.0 | )%
Gain from step acquisition | 0.0 | % | 2.4 | %
Gain from deconsolidation of subsidiary | 6.0 | % | 0.0 | %
Financial income (expenses), net | 0.0 | % | (0.3 | )%
Loss before income taxes | (2.7 | )% | (11.0 | )%
Taxes on income (tax benefit) | 0.8 | % | (0.6 | )%
Share in profits (losses) of associated companies | (0.9 | )% | 0.2 | %
Net loss | (4.4 | )% | (10.2 | )%
Net loss attributable to non-controlling interests | 0.0 | % | 0.0 | %
Net loss attributable to Stratasys Ltd. | (4.4 | )% | (10.2 | )% 78 Table of Contents Discussion of Results of Operations The below tables and
related discussion present an item by item comparison of our results of
operations for each of the two years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. Revenues Our products and services revenues for the last two years, as well as the percentage change from year to year, were as follows: Year Ended December 31,
% Change
2022 | 2021 | 2022-2021
U.S. $ in thousands
Products | $ | 452,124 | $ | 417,557 | 8.3 | %
Services | 199,359 | 189,662 | 5.1 | %
$ | 651,483 | $ | 607,219 | 7.3 | % Our total consolidated revenues in 2022 were $651.5 million, an increase of $44.3 million, or 7.3%, compared to 2021. 79 Table of Contents Products Revenues Revenues
derived from products (including systems and consumable materials) increased by
$34.6 million, or 8.3%, in 2022 as compared to 2021 mainly due to
new products offerings and higher usage of our systems , partially offset by $17.8 million as a result of unfavorable exchange
rates and the impact of MakerBot divestiture. Systems revenues increased by $25.1 million
or 12.6% in 2022 as compared to 2021, partially offset by $11.4 million as a result of unfavorable exchange rates and the impact of MakerBot divestiture. Consumables revenues increased by $9.5 million, or 4.3%, in 2022 as compared to 2021, due to higher usage of our systems, largely as a
result of the return of our customers to full economic activity following the
global recovery from the COVID-19 pandemic, partially offset by $6.4 million as a result of unfavorable exchange rates and the impact of MakerBot divestiture. Services Revenues Services revenues (including maintenance contracts and
initial systems warranty, direct manufacturing paid-parts services and other
professional service contracts) increased by $9.7 million , or 5.1%, in 2022 compared to 2021 . Services
revenues from systems warranty, maintenance contracts and other professional
service contracts increased by 7.6% in 2022 , due to there being a larger install base of our systems, partially offset by $3.2 million as a result of unfavorable exchange rates and the impact of MakerBot divestiture. Revenues by Region Revenue amounts and the percentage of our overall revenues by region for the last two years, as well as the percentage change in revenue amounts for each such region from year to year, were as follows: Year Ended December 31,
2022 | 2021
Revenue amount (U.S. $ in thousands) | % of overall revenues | Revenue amount (U.S. $ in thousands) | % of overall revenues
Americas* | $ | 415,428 | 63.8 | % | $ | 388,323 | 63.9 | %
EMEA | 141,660 | 21.7 | % | 130,296 | 21.5 | %
Asia Pacific | 94,395 | 14.5 | % | 88,600 | 14.6 | %
$ | 651,483 | 100.0 | % | $ | 607,219 | 100.0 | %
*Consists of the United States, Canada and Latin America Revenues in the Americas region increased by $27.1 million, or 7.0%, to $415.4 million in 2022 compared to $388.3 mill ion in 2021. The increase was in all revenue streams. Revenues in the EMEA region increased by $11.4 million, or 8.7%, to $141.7 million in 2022 compared to $130.3 million in 2021. The increase was primarily driven by higher systems revenues . Revenues in the Asia Pacific region increased by $5.8 million, or 6.5%, to $94.4 million in 2022 compared to $88.6 million in 20 21. The increase was primarily driven by higher systems revenues. 80 Table of Contents Gross Profit Gross profit from our products and services for the last two years, as well as the percentage change from year to year, were as follows: Year Ended December 31, | Percentage Change (later year compared to earlier)
2022 | 2021 | 2022-2021
U.S. $ in thousands
Gross profit attributable to:
Products | $ | 217,523 | $ | 206,616 | 5.3 | %
Services | 58,944 | 53,462 | 10.3 | %
$ | 276,467 | $ | 260,078 | 6.3 | % Gross profit as a percentage of revenues for our products and services for the last two years, as well as the percentage change from year to year, were as follows: Year Ended December 31, | Change in % (relative to earlier year %)
2022 | 2021 | 2022-2021
U.S. $ in thousands
Gross profit as a percentage of revenues from:
Products | 48.1% | 49.5% | (2.8)%
Services | 29.6% | 28.2% | 4.9%
Total gross profit | 42.4% | 42.8% | (0.9)% Gross profit attributable to products revenues increased by $11.0 million, or 5.3%, to $217.5 million in 2022, as compared to $206.6 million in 2021. Gross profit attributable to products revenues as a percentage of revenues decreased to 48.1 % in 2022, as compared to 49.5 % in 2021. Our gross profit from products revenues increased as a result of
higher product revenues, as well as a favorable product mix, partially offset
by higher amortization expenses of $5.8 million. Gross profit attributable to services revenues increased by $5.5 million, or 10.3%, to $58.9 million in 2022 as compared to $53.5million in 2021. Gross profit from services as a percentage of services revenues in 2022 increased to 29.6% as compared to 28.2% in 2021. Our gross profit from services
revenues increased as a result of higher
revenues. As
the above percentages evidence, our gross margin, which has been a major focus
for us, did not change in a material manner in 2022 compared to 2021, despite global
economic headwinds caused by inflation and European currency depreciation
against the U.S. dollar. This was largely due to our use of price increases on
our products and services to help to offset cost pressures. As our new
technologies ramp and our operational efficiencies continue, we expect that our
gross margin will strengthen in the coming years. 81 Table of Contents Operating Expenses The amount of each type of operating expense for the last two years, as well as the percentage change between such annual periods, and total operating expenses as a percentage of our total revenues in each such year, were as follows: Year Ended December 31, | Change from earlier to later year, as a % of amount in earlier year
2022 | 2021 | 2022-2021
U.S. $ in thousands
Research and development, net | $ | 92,876 | $ | 88,303 | 5.2 | %
Selling, general and administrative | 240,750 | 250,937 | (4.1 | )%
$ | 333,626 | $ | 339,240 | (1.7 | )%
Percentage of revenues | 51.2 | % | 55.9 | % Operating
expenses were $333.6 million in 2022, compared to operating expenses
of $339.2 million in 2021. The decrease in operating expenses
resulted from a reduction in contingent c onsideration liabilities (related to our recent acquisitions of
other companies) by $18.3 million, partially offset by higher employee related and
other expenses due to our recent acquisitions of $12.6 million. Research and development expenses, net, increased by
$4.6 million, or 5.2%, in 2022 compared to 2021. Research and
development expenses, net, as a percentage of revenues decreased to 14.3% in
2022 compared to 14.5% in 2021, reflecting a non-material reduction. The
absolute increase in research and development expenses, net in 2022 was primarily
attributable to $5.7 million increase employee-related expenses as a result of
higher headcount following our recent acquisitions, partially offset by the impact of
MakerBot divestiture. Our research and development expenses were impacted by
the timing of project spending and product launches based on our portfolio
management. We continue to invest in strategic long-term initiatives that include advancements in our core FDM and Polyjet Technologies and in our new powder-based and photopolymer-based, SAF, P3 and stereolithography technologies, advanced composite materials, software and development of new applications that will enhance our current solutions offerings.​ Selling, general and
administrative expenses in 2022 decreased by $10.2 million,
or 4.1%, to $240.8 million, compared to $250.9 million in 2021.The amount
of selling, general and administrative expenses constituted 37.0% of our
revenues in 2022, as compared to 41.3% in 202 1. The decrease was
mainly a result of a reduction in contingent c onsideration liabilities
(related to our recent acquisitions) by $18.3 million, partially offset by $6.9
million higher employee related expenses and other expenses as a result of our
recent acquisitions. . 82 Table of Contents Operating Loss Operating loss and operating loss as a percentage of our total revenues for the last two years, as well as the percentage change in operating loss between those years, were as follows: Year Ended December 31, | Change from earlier to later year, as a % of amount in earlier year
2022 | 2021 | 2022-2021
U.S. $ in thousands
Operating loss | $ | (57,159 | ) | $ | (79,162 | ) | (27.8 | )%
Percentage of revenues | (8.8 | )% | (13.0 | )% Operating loss for the year
ended December 31, 2022 was $ 57 .2 million as compared to an operating loss of $ 79.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2021 .
The decrease in operating loss was primarily attributable to our higher gross
profit of $16.4 million, and a reduction in contingent c onsideration liabilities (related to our recent
acquisitions) by $18.3 million, partially offset by higher employee related expenses as a result of higher headcount following our recent
acquisitions. Gain from Step Acquisition On November 1, 2021 we
acquired the remaining 55% of the
equity of Xaar, for aggregate consideration of
$29.3 million (we previously owned a 45% stake in Xaar). The transaction was
accounted for as step acquisition and accordingly, we increased the value of
our previously held equity investment to its fair value of $23.8
million, which resulted in a total purchase price of $53.1 million and a
gain (in 2021) of approximately $14.4 million. Gain From Deconsolidation Of Subsidiary On August 31, 2022, we completed the previously-announced merger of our subsidiary MakerBot with
Ultimaker, into a new company that had been created under the name Ultimaker. The transaction was accounted for
as an equity method investment, and, accordingly, we recorded an investment of $105.6 million, and a net gain of $39.1 million from the deconsolidation of MakerBot. Financial Income (Expenses), net Financial expenses, net, which were primarily comprised of foreign currencies effects, interest income and interest expense, amounted to $0.23 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to financial expenses, net, of $2.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. 83 Table of Contents Income Taxes Income tax expense and income tax expense as a percentage of net loss before income taxes for the last two years, as well as the percentage change in income taxes between those years, were as follows: Year Ended December 31,
2022 | 2021 | 2022-2021
U.S. $ in thousands | Change as a % of amount in 2022
Loss before income taxes | $ | (17,794 | ) | $ | (66,837 | ) | (73.4 | )%
Income tax benefit (expense) | $ | (5,454 | ) | $ | 3,906 | (239.6 | )%
As a percent of loss before income taxes | (30.7 | )% | 5.8 | % We had an effective tax rate of (30.7%) for the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to an effective tax rate of 5.8% for the year ended December 31, 2021. Our effective tax rate in 2022 was primarily impacted by: (i) changes in the geographic mix of foreign taxable income and loss; (ii) a significant movement in valuation allowance and
(iii) a change in uncertain tax position. Our effective
tax rate in 2021 was primarily impacted by: (i) changes in the geographic mix of foreign taxable income and loss ; (ii) a movement in valuation allowance ; and (iii) the release of uncertain tax position due to settlement of tax audits. Our effective tax rate is based on recurring factors, including the geographic mix of foreign taxable income and loss, as well as nonrecurring items that may not be predictable. For a full reconciliation of our effective tax rate to the Israeli statutory rate of 23% and for further explanation of our provision for income taxes, refer to Note 9 to our consolidated financial statements included in Item 18 of this annual report. Share in Profit (Losses) of Associated Companies Share in profit (losses) of associated companies
reflects our proportionate share of the profits of unconsolidated entities
accounted for by using the equity method of accounting. During 2022, we had net losses of our equity method investments in a total
amount of $ 5 . 7 million, compared to a profit of $ 0 .9 million in 2021.The
foregoing losses were mainly attributable to our equity investment in the new
merged entity Ultimaker (which was the surviving entity following a merger
between it and MakerBot) following the deconsolidation, in 2022, of
MakerBot, which was previously held as a subsidiary of Stratasys. 84 Table of Contents Net Loss and Net Loss Per Share Net loss, net loss as a percentage of our total revenues, and diluted net loss per share, for the last two years, as well as the percentage change in net loss between those years, were as follows: Year Ended December 31,
2022 | 2021 | 2022-2021 Change (as a % of amount in 2022)
U.S. $ in thousands
Net loss | $ | (28,974 | ) | $ | (61,982 | ) | (53.25 | )%
Percentage of revenues | (4.45 | )% | (10.21 | )%
Basic and diluted net loss per share | $ | (0.44 | ) | $ | (0.98 | ) | (55.38 | )% Net loss for the year ended December 31, 2022 was $29.0 million, as compared to $62.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The decrease in net loss was attributable to the decrease in our operating loss, partially offset by
higher tax expenses. Diluted net loss per share for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was $0.44 and $0.98, respectively. The weighted average, basic and diluted number of shares outstanding for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 66.5 million, compared to 63.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2021 . 85 Table of Contents Non-GAAP Financial Measures The following non-GAAP data for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, which excludes certain items as described below, are non-GAAP financial measures. Our management believes that these non-GAAP financial measures are useful information for investors and shareholders of our company in gauging our results of operations (i) on an ongoing basis after excluding mergers, acquisitions and divestments related expense or gains and restructuring-related charges or gains, legal provisions and (ii) excluding non-cash items such as stock-based compensation expenses, acquired intangible assets amortization, including intangible assets amortization related to equity method investments, impairment of long-lived assets and goodwill, revaluation of investments and the corresponding tax effect of those items. The items eliminated in our non-GAAP adjustments either do not reflect actual cash outlays that impact our liquidity and our financial condition or have a non-recurring impact on our statement of operations, as assessed by management. These non-GAAP financial measures are presented to permit investors to more fully understand how management assesses our performance for internal planning and forecasting purposes. The limitations of using these non-GAAP financial measures as performance measures are that they provide a view of our results of operations without including all items indicated above during a period, which may not provide a comparable view of our performance to other companies in our industry. Investors and other readers should consider non-GAAP measures only as supplements to, not as substitutes for or as superior measures to, the measures of financial performance prepared in accordance with GAAP. Reconciliation between results on a GAAP and non-GAAP basis is provided in the table below. Reconciliation of GAAP and Non-GAAP Results of Operations Twelve Months Ended December 31,
2022 | Non-GAAP | 2022
GAAP | Adjustments | Non-GAAP
U.S. dollars and shares in thousands (except per share amounts)
Gross profit (1) | $ | 276,467 | $ | 36,016 | $ | 312,483
Operating loss (1,2) | (57,159 | ) | 70,691 | 13,532
Net income (loss) attributable to Stratasys Ltd. (1,2,3) | (28,974 | ) | 39,235 | 10,261
Net loss per diluted share attributable to Stratasys Ltd. (4) | $ | (0.44 | ) | $ | 0.59 | $ | 0.15
(1) | Acquired intangible assets amortization expense | 28,158
Non-cash stock-based compensation expense | 4,083
Restructuring and other related costs | (174 | )
Impairment charges | 3,949
36,016
(2) | Acquired intangible assets amortization expense | 8,950
Non-cash stock-based compensation expense | 29,378
Restructuring and other related costs | 2,737
Revaluation of investments | 3,777
Contingent consideration | (18,293 | )
Other expenses | 8,126
34,675
70,691
(3) | Corresponding tax effect | 4,989
Equity method related amortization, divestments and impairments | $ | 2,285
Adjustments attributable to non-controlling interest | 406
Gain from deconsolidation | (39,136)
39,235
(4) | Weighted average number if ordinary shares outstanding- Basic and diluted | 66,491 | 67,068 86 Table of Contents Twelve Months Ended December 31,
2021 | Non-GAAP | 2021
GAAP | Adjustments | Non-GAAP
U.S. dollars and shares in thousands (except per share amounts)
Gross profit (1) | $ | 260,078 | $ | 30,447 | $ | 290,525
Operating loss (1,2) | (79,162 | ) | 77,479 | (1,683 | )
Net income (loss) attributable to Stratasys Ltd. (1,2,3) | (61,982 | ) | 57,639 | (4,343 | )
Net loss per diluted share attributable to Stratasys Ltd. (4) | $ | (0.98 | ) | $ | 0.91 | $ | (0.07 | )
(1) | Acquired intangible assets amortization expense | 22,392
Non-cash stock-based compensation expense | 3,093
Restructuring and other related costs | 1,642
Impairment charges | 3,320
30,447
(2) | Acquired intangible assets amortization expense | 8,878
Non-cash stock-based compensation expense | 27,884
Impairment of long-lived assets | 1,447
Restructuring and other related costs | 2,743
Revaluation of investments | (1,303 | )
Contingent consideration | 570
Other expenses | 6,813
47,032
77,479
(3) | Corresponding tax effect | (864 | )
Equity method related amortization, divestments and impairments | (4,576 | )
Gain from step acquisition | $ | (14,400 | )
$ | 57,639
(4) | Weighted average number if ordinary shares outstanding- Basic and diluted | 63,471 | 63,471 87 Table of Contents Forward-looking Statements and Factors That May Affect Future Results of Operations See “Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements” at the beginning of this annual report (following the table of contents). Variability of Operating Results Our revenues and profitability may vary in
any given year, and from quarter to quarter, depending on the timing, number
and mix of products sold and the average selling price of the products, and are
also affected by the seasonality of our business. In addition, due to
competition, uncertain market acceptance and other factors, we may be required
to reduce prices for our products in the future. In the wake of the
COVID-19 pandemic, it is also useful to gauge the variability of our operating
results on a linear basis, for each quarter compared to the previous one, in
addition to on a year-over-year basis, compared to the corresponding period of
the prior year. We have not seen a steady pattern as to the
level of demand for our products in particular quarters of the year since the
second quarter of 2020. Nevertheless, in our outlook for 2023, we expect our
revenues to grow sequentially, largely because of expected new product
introductions later as the year progresses. Our future results will be
affected by a number of factors, including our ability to: increase the number
of products sold; develop, introduce and deliver new products on a timely
basis; accurately anticipate customer demand patterns; and manage future inventory
levels in line with anticipated demand. Our results may also be affected by
competitive factors, the extent to which our cost controls plan succeeds, the
availability of working capital, results of litigation, the enforcement of
intellectual property rights, currency exchange rate fluctuations, commodity
prices and economic conditions in the geographic areas in which we operate.
Macro factors, including global economic headwinds caused by inflation, changes
in interest rates, and supply chain conditions, as impacted by geopolitical developments
such as the status of the Russian invasion of Ukraine and U.S.-China relations,
and macro factors particular to our industry, such as the extent of growth of
the 3D printing market generally, may also impact our operating results. There
can be no assurance that our historical performance in revenues, gross profit
and net income (loss) will improve, or that revenues, gross profit and net
income (loss) in any particular quarter will improve, over the results
reflected in preceding quarters, including comparable quarters of previous
years. See Item 3.D - “Risk Factors” above Effective Corporate Tax Rate See “Israeli Tax Considerations and Government Programs — General Corporate Tax Structure in Israel” in Item 4.B above for a discussion of the general tax structure in Israel and applicable corporate tax rates. In 2022, we generated losses mainly from our Israeli parent company and its US subsidiaries, with no tax benefit being recorded for
those losses, as the near-term realization of these assets is uncertain. As part of the process of preparing our
consolidated financial statements, we must estimate our income taxes in each of
the jurisdictions in which we operate. This process involves estimating our
actual current tax exposure together with assessing temporary differences
resulting from differing treatment of items for tax and accounting purposes.
Actual income taxes could vary from these estimates due to future changes in
income tax laws or the results of final tax examinations and reviews. Effects of Government Regulations and Location on our Business For a discussion of the effects of Israeli governmental regulation and our location in Israel on our business, see “Israeli Tax Considerations and Government Programs” in Item 4.B above and the “Risks related to operations in Israel” in Item 3.D above. Inflation We believe that inflation has not had a material effect on our operations or on our financial condition during the three most recent fiscal years. Foreign Currency Transactions See “Foreign Currency Exchange Risk” in Item 11 below for a discussion of foreign currency transactions. 88 Table of Contents B. Liquidity and Capital Resources A summary of our consolidated statement of
cash flows for the last two years is set forth in the below table. While our financial statements included in Item 18 of
this annual report include cash flow data for each of the three years ended
December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, the discussion
contained in this Item 5.B is limited to a comparison of our liquidity and capital
resources— including cash flows— for the years ended December 31, 2022 and
2021. For a discussion of our cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2020,
and a comparison of those cash flows with those for the year ended December 31,
2021, please see “Item 5. Operating and Financial Review and Prospects—B.
Liquidity and Capital Resources” in our Annual Report on Form 20-F for the year
ended December 31, 2021, which we filed with the SEC on February 24,
2022. Year Ended December 31,
2022 | 2021
U.S $ in thousands
Net loss | $ | (28,974 | ) | $ | (61,982 | )
Impairment of other long-lived assets | 3,865 | 1,447
Depreciation and amortization | 59,769 | 56,096
Stock-based compensation | 33,461 | 30,977
Foreign currency transactions gain (loss) | 9,090 | 3,446
Gain from deconsolidation of subsidiary | (39,136 | ) | -
Deferred income taxes, net and uncertain tax positions | 926 | (12,380 | )
Other non-cash items, net | (9,079 | ) | (13,736 | )
Change in working capital and other items | (105,327 | ) | 31,956
Net cash provided by operating activities | (75,405 | ) | 35,824
Net cash used in investing activities | (7,213 | ) | (291,165 | )
Net cash provided by financing activities | (2,769 | ) | 227,311
Effect of exchange rate changes on cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash | (7,220 | ) | (893 | )
Net change in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash | (92,607 | ) | (28,923 | )
Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash, beginning of year | 243,293 | 272,216
Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash, end of year | $ | 150,686 | $ | 243,293 Our cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash balances decreased to $150.7 million as of December 31, 2022 as compared to $243.3 million as of December 31, 2021. The decrease in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash in 2022 was mainly due to cash flows used i n operating activities. 89 Table of Contents Cash flows from operating activities Year ended December 31, 2022 We used
$75.4 million of cash in our operating activities during 2022. Cash
used in operating activities reflected our net loss of $29.0 million, negative
changes in our working capital of $105.3 million, depreciation, amortization
and impairment charges of long-lived assets in an aggregate amount of
$63.6 million, stock-based compensation of $33 million and foreign
currency transactions gains of $9.1 million, which were partially offset
by $39.1 million gain from deconsolidation of our former subsidiary MakerBot and
$9.1 million of changes in other non-cash items, net . Changes in
working capital of $105.3 million were mainly driven by an increase in
inventory of $87.3 million as a result of increased purchases aimed at building
up our inventory, as well as an increase in accounts receivables of $15.4
million, partially offset by an increase in accounts payable of $20.9 million,
as a result of an increase in the level of our ongoing operations in the year
ended December 31,2022. Year ended December 31, 2021 We generated $35.8 million of cash from our operating activities during 2021. Cash generated in operations derived from our net loss of $62 million, as adjusted primarily due to non-cash items including depreciation, amortization and impairment charges of goodwill and long-lived assets in an aggregate amount of $ 57.5 million, and stock-based compensation of $31 million and foreign currency transactions gains and a movement in deferred income taxes , which were partially offset by $13.7 million movement in other non-cash items net . Favorable changes in our working capital balances were mainly driven by an increase in our accounts payable balance. Cash flows from investing activities Year ended December 31, 2022 We used $7.2 million of cash in our investing activities during 2022. The
net cash use during 2022 mostly reflected $69.1 million used for investments in
unconsolidated entities (mainly Ultimaker), and $13.6 million that we invested for the purchase of property and equipment, partially offset
by net proceeds that we withdrew from short-term bank deposits. Year ended December 31, 2021 We used $291.2 million of cash for our investing
activities during 2021. We used $32.3 milli on of cash for recent acquisitions and investment in unconsolidated entities . An additional $25 million of cash was used to purchase property, equipment and intangibles and $232 million net was invested in short-term bank deposits. Our principal property and equipment purchases were for our new buildings complex under construction in Rehovot, Israel. The new facility in Rehovot, Israel, contains two buildings, housing our Israeli head quarters, research and development facilities and certain marketing activities. Cash flows from financing activities Year ended December 31, 2022 We used $2.8 million of cash in our financing activities during 2022. These financing activities were mostly related to contingent consideration that we paid for acquisitions. Year ended December 31, 2021 We generated $ 227.3 million of cash
from financing activities during 2021. The increase from financing activities was primarily due to the follow-on public offering of shares in a net amount of $218.9 million that we completed in March 2021. 90 Table of Contents Capital resources and capital expenditures Our total current assets amounted to $697.3 million as of December 31, 2022, of which $327.8 million consisted of cash, cash
equivalents, short-term deposits and restricted cash. Total current liabilities amounted to $210.7 million as of December 31, 2022. Most of our cash and cash equivalents are held in banks in Israel and the U.S. The credit risk related to our accounts receivable is limited due to the relatively large number of customers and their wide geographic distribution. In addition, we seek to reduce the credit exposures of our accounts receivable by imposing credit limits, conducting ongoing credit
evaluation, and by implementing account monitoring procedures, as well as by carrying credit insurance for many of our customers. We believe that we will have adequate cash and cash equivalents to fund our ongoing operations and that these sources of liquidity will be sufficient to satisfy our working capital and capital expenditures needs, as well as our debt requirements, for the next twelve months. Additional factors potentially impacting capital resources We are obligated to our suppliers under
ordinary course purchase orders in an aggregate amount of approximately $144.8
million as of December 31, 2022. All of those obligations will become due over
the course of the 2023 year. We have also committed to make potential future payments to
third parties as part of our acquisitions of Origin and Xaar. These
payments are contingent upon the occurrence of certain future events and, given
the nature of these events, it is unclear when, if ever, we may be required to
pay such amounts. The total contingent payments could reach an aggregate amount
of up to
$61 milli on. C. Research and Development, Patents and Licenses, Etc. For a discussion of our research and
development policies, see “Research and Development” and “Regulation— Israeli
Tax Considerations and Government Programs – Law for the Encouragement of
Capital Investments” in Item 4.B above and the “Risks related to operations in
Israel” in Item 3.D above. D. Trend Information. For trend information, see the Risk
Factors described in Item 3.D above, the “Overview” and “Operating Results”
sections of this Item 5 - “Operating and Financial Review and Prospects” and
Item 4 - “Information on the Company” above. E. Critical Accounting Estimates For a description of our significant accounting policies, see note 1 to our consolidated financial statements included in Item 18 of this annual report. The preparation of our consolidated financial statements in conformity with U.S. GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions in certain circumstances that affect the amounts reported in the accompanying consolidated financial statements and related footnotes. Actual results may differ from these estimates. We base our judgments on our experience and on various assumptions that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances. 91 Table of Contents Of our policies, the following are considered the most critical to an understanding of our consolidated financial statements as they require the application of the most subjective and complex judgment, involving critical accounting estimates and assumptions impacting our consolidated financial statements. We have applied our policies and critical accounting estimates consistently across our businesses: Business combination Intangibles Goodwill Income taxes We base our estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions which we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances. Because of the uncertainty inherent in these matters, actual results could differ materially from the estimates we use in applying these policies. Business combination In accordance with ASC Topic 805, “Business Combination”, we allocate the fair value of purchase consideration to the assets acquired and liabilities assumed based on their estimated fair values. The excess of the fair value of purchase consideration over the fair values of these identifiable assets and liabilities is recorded as goodwill. Fair value estimates are based on the assumptions management believes a market participant would use in pricing the asset or liability. In the Company’s recent acquisitions, intangible assets and goodwill represented a majority of the assets acquired. Assessing fair values of intangible assets acquired in a business combination involves significant judgment about future events and uncertainties and depends on estimates and assumptions. Significant estimates utilized in valuating intangible assets include discount rates and future expected cash flow, which rely upon assumptions such as the useful life of the assets, revenue growth rates and margins projections, technological obsolescence and income tax rate assumptions. Contingent
consideration incurred in a business combination is included as part of the
consideration transferred and recorded at fair value as of the acquisition
date. Estimating the fair value involves significant judgment and is based on
significant assumptions relating to the estimate, such as discount rates, internal cash flows forecast for the relevant
period during which the financial metrics should be achieved and the timing
and amounts of the contingent payments . Amounts
recorded in a business combination in certain cases may be subject to revision
based on the final determination of fair values during the measurement period,
which may be up to one year from the acquisition date, as additional
information about conditions existing at the acquisition date may become
available. In addition, each reporting
period thereafter, the Company revalues the contingent consideration payments
and deferred payments which are classified as liabilities and records the
changes in their fair value in the consolidated statements of operations and
comprehensive loss. On December 31, 2020 we acquired 100% of the
outstanding shares of Origin Laboratories Inc. or “Origin” for an
aggregate purchase price of $97.1 million, including cash and shares and we are
obligated to pay additional payments (combination of cash and shares) subject
to performance-based earnouts over 3 years. On November 1, 2021 we acquired the remaining 55% equity interest of Xaar 3D, for aggregate consideration of $29.3 million. We paid cash upon closing and we are obligated to make additional earn-out payments and royalty payments on products and services sales for up to 15 years. We accounted for the transaction as a step acquisition and accordingly we increased the value of our previously held equity investment to its fair value of $23.8 million, which resulted in a total purchase price of $53.1 million and a gain of approximately $14.4 million. See
note 2 to our consolidated financial statements for further details on the
business combination transactions. 92 Table of Contents Intangibles Most of our identifiable intangible assets were recognized as part of business combinations we have executed in the current and prior periods. Our identifiable intangible assets are considered definite life intangible assets and are primarily comprised of developed technology, trademarks and trade names, customer relationships and patents. Definite life intangible assets are amortized using the straight-line method over their estimated period of useful life. Our determination of the fair value of the intangible assets acquired involves the use of significant estimates and assumptions. Refer to the “Business combination” section above. We believe that the fair value assigned to the assets acquired and liabilities assumed are based on reasonable assumptions and estimates that a market participant would use. Should conditions differ from management’s estimates at the time of the acquisition, including changes in volume or timing to current expectations of future revenue growth rates and forecasted margins, or changes in market factors outside of our control, such as discount rates, material write-downs of intangible assets may be required, which would adversely affect our operating results. We monitor events and changes in circumstances that could indicate carrying amounts of intangible assets may not be recoverable. We review the carrying amounts of our intangible assets for potential impairment when events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable. Impairment indicators may include any significant changes in the manner of our use of the assets or the strategy of our overall business, certain reorganization initiatives, significant negative industry or economic trends and significant decline in our share price for a sustained period. When such events or changes in circumstances occur, we compare the carrying amounts of the asset or assets groups with their respective estimated undiscounted future cash flows. If the asset or assets group are determined to be impaired, an impairment charge is recorded in the amount by which the carrying amount of the asset or assets group exceed their fair value. During the years ended December 31, 2022, and 2021, we did not record any impairment charges related to our definite life intangible assets. In
2022, additional intangible assets of $5.2 million were recognized by us as
part of our asset acquisition from Riven, a
quality assurance company. Goodwill Goodwill reflects the excess of the consideration transferred plus the fair value of any non-controlling interest in the acquiree at the acquisition date over the fair values of the identifiable net assets acquired. Goodwill is not amortized but rather is tested for impairment annually at the reporting unit level, or whenever events or circumstances present an indication of impairment. The goodwill balance as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 resulted from our recent acquisitions. No goodwill impairment was recorded during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. Determining the fair value of our reporting units requires significant judgment, including judgments about the appropriate terminal growth rates, weighted average costs of capital and the amounts and timing of projected future cash flows. Fair value determinations are sensitive to changes in underlying assumptions, estimates, and market factors. Projected future cash flows are based on our most recent budget, forecasts and strategic plans as well as certain growth rate assumptions. Potential changes in our costs and operating structure, the expected timing of utilization of synergies, strategic opportunities, negative effect of exchange rates and overall weakness in the 3D printing marketplace, could negatively impact our near-term cash-flow projections and could trigger a potential impairment of our goodwill. In addition, failure to execute our strategic plans as well as increases in weighted average costs of capital could negatively impact the fair value of our reporting units, and increase the risk of goodwill impairment in the future. 93 Table of Contents We will continue to monitor the fair value of our reporting units to determine whether events and changes in circumstances such as further deterioration in the business climate or operating results, further significant decline in our share price, changes in management’s business strategy or downward changes of our cash flows projections, warrant further interim impairment testing. See note 7 to our consolidated financial statements for further details on the goodwill impairment test in 2022. Income Taxes Our effective tax rate is primarily impacted by the geographical mix of taxable income and loss. We record a tax provision for the anticipated tax consequences of our reported operating results. The provision for income tax is calculated based on our assumptions as to our entitlement to various benefits under the applicable tax laws and tax rates in the jurisdictions in which we operate. We are subject to income taxes in Israel, the U.S. and other foreign jurisdictions. Determination of taxable income in any jurisdiction requires the Company to interpret the related tax laws and regulations and the use of estimates and assumptions regarding significant future events, such as the amount, timing and character of deductions, permissible revenue recognition methods under the tax law and the sources and character of income and tax credits. Changes in tax laws, regulations, agreements and treaties, currency exchange restrictions or the Company’s level of operations or profitability in each taxing jurisdiction could have an impact upon the amount of current and deferred tax balances and hence the Company’s net income. Significant judgment is required in evaluating
our uncertain tax positions and determining our provision for income taxes. In
evaluating the exposure associated with our various tax filing positions, we
record reserves for uncertain tax positions in accordance with US GAAP, based
on the technical support for the positions and our past audit experience with
similar positions. For those tax positions where it is more likely than not
that a tax benefit will be sustained, we record the largest amount of tax
benefit with a greater than 50 percent likelihood of being realized upon
ultimate settlement with a taxing authority that has full knowledge of all
relevant information. For those income tax positions where it is not more
likely than not that a tax benefit will be sustained, no tax benefit has been
recognized in the financial statements. Although we believe our tax positions
comply with applicable tax laws and we intend to defend our positions, no
assurance can be given that the final tax outcome of these matters will not be
different from that which is reflected in our historical income tax reserves
and accruals. We adjust these reserves in light of changing facts and
circumstances, such as the closing of a tax audit or the refinement of an
estimate. To the extent that the final tax outcome of these matters is
different than the amounts recorded, such differences will impact the provision
for income taxes in the period in which such determination is made. The
provision for income taxes includes the impact of reserve provisions and
changes to reserves that are considered appropriate, as well as the related
estimated interest and penalties. The Company’s liability for these
unrecognized tax benefits totaled $ 6 .0 million at December 31, 2022 (see Note 9 to our consolidated financial statements for additional information). We
estimate the degree to which deferred tax assets will result in a benefit,
after consideration of all positive and negative evidence, and provide a
valuation allowance for deferred tax assets that we believe more likely than
not will not be realized. In situations in which we are able to determine that
our deferred tax assets will be realized, that determination generally relies
on future reversals of taxable temporary differences and expected future
taxable income. Significant judgment required in determining any valuation
allowance recorded against deferred tax assets. In assessing the need for a
valuation allowance, we considered all available evidence, including past
operating results, the most recent projections for taxable income, and prudent
and feasible tax planning strategies. We reassess our valuation allowance
periodically and if future evidence allows for a partial or full release of the
valuation allowance, we reverse the related valuation allowance. Any such
reversals are recorded as a reduction of our tax provision. The tax valuation
allowance totaled $699.7
million at December 31, 2022 (see Note 9 to our
consolidated financial statements for additional information).
Should our actual future taxable income by tax jurisdiction vary from
estimates, additional allowances or reversals thereof may be necessary. 94 Table of Contents ITEM 6. DIRECTORS, SENIOR MANAGEMENT AND EMPLOYEES. A. Directors and Senior Management. The following table lists the names and ages of our current directors, as well as the names, ages and positions of the current members of our senior management, as of the filing date of this annual report: Name | Age | Position
Dov Ofer | 68 | Chairman of the Board of Directors
S. Scott Crump | 69 | Director
John J. McEleney | 60 | Director
Ziva Patir | 72 | Director
David Reis | 62 | Director
Michael Schoellhorn | 57 | Director
Yair Seroussi | 67 | Director
Adina Shorr | 62 | Director
Yoav Zeif | 56 | Chief Executive Officer
Eitan Zamir | 46 | Chief Financial Officer Dov Ofer has served as our Chairman of the Board since May 2020 and as a director since July 2017. While serving as a director (prior to his appointment as our Chairman), Mr. Ofer served on the oversight committee of the Board, which guided our executive management during an interim period prior to the appointment of our current, permanent chief executive officer. Mr. Ofer served as the Chief Executive Officer of Lumenis
Computerized Systems Ltd. From 2007 to 2013, Mr. Ofer served as Chief Executive
Officer of Lumenis Ltd. (Nasdaq: LMNS), a medical laser device company. From
2005 to 2007, he served as Corporate Vice President and General Manager of HP
Scitex (formerly a subsidiary of Scailex Corporation Ltd. (TASE: SCIX)), a
producer of large format printing equipment. From 2002 to 2005, Mr. Ofer served
as President and Chief Executive Officer of Scitex Vision Ltd. Prior to joining
Scitex, Mr. Ofer held various managerial positions in the emerging Israeli
high-tech sector and participated in different mergers and acquisitions within
the industry. Currently, Mr. Ofer serves as chairman of Hanita Coatings RCA
Ltd., chairman of Plastopil Hazorea Company Ltd. (TASE: PPIL), vice chairman of
Scodix Ltd. and director of Kornit Digital Ltd. and Orbix Medical Ltd. He holds
a B.A. in Economics from the Hebrew University in Israel as well as an M.B.A.
from the University of California Berkeley in California. S. Scott
Crump has served as our director since November 2021. Mr. Crump
previously served as our Chairman of the Executive
Committee of the Board and our Chief Innovation Officer from February 2015 and
February 2013, respectively, in each case until May 2020, at which time he was
appointed our Chief External Affairs and Innovation Officer, which he served as
through August 2020. Mr. Crump also served from June 2018 through March 2020 on
the oversight committee of our Board that helped to support our interim chief
executive officer in the management of our company during an interim period,
and our current CEO, Mr. Yoav Zeif, during Mr. Zeif’s initial period at our
company. Since leaving his position as a director on the Board, has served as
the technology consultant to the Board. Mr. Crump previously served as Chairman
of the Board of our company from the Stratasys, Inc.- Objet Ltd. merger until
February 2015, as Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, President, Treasurer and a
director of Stratasys, Inc. from its inception in 1988 until the Stratasys,
Inc.- Objet Ltd. merger, and as Chief Financial Officer of Stratasys from
February 1990 to May 1997. Mr. Crump was, with Lisa H. Crump, his wife, a
co-founder of Stratasys, Inc., and he is the inventor of our FDM technology.
Mr. Crump holds a B.S. in mechanical engineering from Washington State
University. 95 Table of Contents John
J. McEleney has
served as a director of our Company since the Stratasys, Inc.- Objet Ltd. merger,
and, before that, as a director of Stratasys, Inc. from 2007 until the
Stratasys, Inc.- Objet Ltd. merger. He is the co-founder of Onshape Inc., a
venture backed start-up company focused on applying modern computing to the 3D
product design market. Prior to Onshape he was the Chief Executive of Cloud
Switch, which was acquired by Verizon. He served as a director of SolidWorks
Corporation, a wholly owned subsidiary of Dassault Systemes S.A. (Nasdaq:
DASTY), from June 2000 to May 2008, and also served as its Chief Executive
Officer from 2001 until June 2007. Mr. McEleney joined SolidWorks in 1996,
serving in several capacities, including Chief Operating Officer and Vice
President, Americas Sales. Prior to joining SolidWorks, Mr. McEleney held
several key management positions at CAD software pioneer Computervision and at
defense contractor Raytheon. Mr. McEleney also serves as a director of
Newforma, a privately held software company. He holds a B.S. in Mechanical
Engineering from the University of Rochester, an M.S. in Manufacturing
Engineering from Boston University and an M.B.A. from Northeastern University. Ziva
Patir has served as our director
since June 2013. Ms. Patir serves on the board of directors of ABRA, a public
company providing IT services and IT consulting. She also serves on the board
of directors of A. Luzon Real Estate & Finance, an investing and financing
real-estate company. Ms. Patir serves as a consultant to governments on issues
of strategy and compliance, risk-based regulatory enforcement activities,
standardization and policy. Since 2022, she serves as the Chair of the Board of
the HaBima National Theatre of Israel in Tel Aviv, Israel. Ms. Patir also
serves as a member of the board of Lahav at Tel-Aviv University, the leading
provider of executive education in Israel. Ms. Patir served as the Vice
President of Standards, Policy and Sustainability for Better Place, an
infrastructure electrical vehicles company providing technology design and
service for switchable battery cars, a position that she held from 2008 until
May 2013. From 2008 to 2010, she served as Chair of the Board of the Road
Safety Authority (RSA) in Israel. From 1996 to 2008, Ms. Patir held the
position of Director General of the Standard Institution of Israel (SII). From
2004 to 2008, Ms. Patir served as Vice President of the International
Organization for Standardization (ISO), the world’s largest developer and
publisher of international standards, as well as chair of the Technical
Management Board, leading overall management of ISO technical work. From 1998 to 2000, Ms. Patir was a member of
the International Electrotechnical Commission Council Board. Ms. Patir is a
Certified Quality Engineer and holds a B.Sc. in Chemistry from Tel-Aviv
University and a M.Sc. in Chemistry/Polymer Science from the Weizmann Institute
of Science. David
Reis has served as our
director from June 2013 to the present time. For parts of that period, he
served as our Vice Chairman of the Board, as an Executive Director and as a key
member of the oversight committee of the Board, which guided our executive management
during an interim period prior to the appointment of our current, permanent chief
executive officer. Since 2017, Mr. Reis serves as Chairman at Enercon
Technologies Ltd., Tuttnauer Ltd and Highcon Ltd. He also served as a Director
of Objet from 2003 until the closing of the Stratasys-Objet merger. Mr. Reis
served as the Stratasys Chief Executive Officer from March 2009 until June 30,
2016 (and, prior to the Stratasys-Objet merger, as Objet’s CEO). Previously, he
served as Chief Executive Officer and President of NUR Macroprinters Ltd.
(NURMF.PK), a wide format printer manufacturer that was acquired by HP, from
February 2006 to March 2008. Prior to joining NUR, Mr. Reis served as the Chief
Executive Officer and President of ImageID, an automatic identification and
data capture solution provider, and of Scitex Vision (Nasdaq & TASE: SCIX),
a developer and manufacturer of wide-format printers. Mr. Reis holds a B.A. in
Economics and Management from the Technion-Israel Institute of Technology and
an M.B.A. from the University of Denver. Reis is also a graduate of the Harvard
Business School Advanced Management Program. Michael Schoellhorn has served as our director since
November 2020. Since February 2019 Mr. Schoellhorn has served as Airbus'
(Toulouse, France) Chief Operating Officer and a member of its Executive
Committee. He has been a member of the Supervisory Board of Airbus Operations
GmbH, Hamburg since 2019 and was appointed as its chairman in 2020. Prior to
joining Airbus, Mr. Schoellhorn served as Chief Operating Officer and a member
of the Management Board at BSH Home Appliances GmbH (Munich, Germany), a
leading manufacturer of home appliances owned by the Robert Bosch Group
(Stuttgart,Germany), from January 2015 until 2019. Prior to that, Mr.
Schoellhorn started his career as a management trainee with Bosch in 1999 and
held various operational senior management positions in the automotive sector
of Robert Bosch GmbH - in the US, the Czech Republic, and Germany, until he was
appointed Executive Vice President for Manufacturing and Quality in 2012. Mr. Schoellhorn
studied at IMD Business School (Lausanne, Switzerland), Tepper School of
Business (Pittsburgh, USA), Bosch-Carnegie-Institute (Pittsburgh, USA), and the
Robert-Bosch-Kolleg (Stuttgart, Germany). He holds a degree in Mechanical
Engineering and a PhD in Control Engineering, both from the Helmut Schmidt
University. Mr. Schoellhorn served in the German armed forces, as an officer
and a helicopter pilot, from 1984 until 1994. He is a member of the presidency
of BDLI (the German aerospace industries association), and of the Baden Baden
Entrepreneur Talks, a discussion forum for German business and political
leaders. 96 Table of Contents Yair
Seroussi has served
as our director since July 2017. Mr. Seroussi has served as an independent
director at DSP Group, Inc. (Nasdaq: DSPG) since February 2002. He serves as a
Member of the Advisory Team at SkyFund, a leading mid-market Israeli private
equity fund. He is a member of the Board of Governors of the Hebrew University,
and Chairman of the Eli Hurvitz Strategic Management Institute at the Tel Aviv
University. Mr. Seroussi served as chairman of the board of Bank Hapoalim from
2009 through 2016. Mr. Seroussi also served as the president of the Israeli
Bank Association for four years. He served as a board member and as chairman of
the audit committee of Bank Hapoalim from 1997 through 2002. Mr. Seroussi was
the founder and head or Morgan Stanley Israel for 16 years. He was the founder
and chairman of the Mustang Mezzanine Fund. He served as the chairman of the
Investment Committee of Mivtachim, Israel’s largest pension fund, and was a
member of various investments committees of private equity funds. Mr. Seroussi
served as a director of Israel Corp and Frutarom Industries. Mr. Seroussi also
served for over a decade in Israel’s Ministry of Finance, where he held several
senior positions. Between the years 1988-199, he served as Head of the Office
of the Ministry of Finance in the U.S. and Head of the Commodities Division in
NY. In 1991-1992, Mr. Seroussi was a member of the team that created the Yozma
Program that initiated the Venture Capital industry in Israel. He holds a
Bachelor’s degree in Economics and Political Science from the Hebrew
University. Adina
Shorr has served as
our director since having been appointed by the Board in July 2018, and was
re-elected by our shareholders at our 2018 annual general meeting of
shareholders. Ms. Shorr has been the Chief Executive Officer of Scodix, a
company that provides solutions to commercial printers, since September 2018.
Prior to that time, she served as Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the
Board of Lucidlogix Technologies Ltd. from November 2013 to August 2018. Before
that, Ms. Shorr had served as the Chief Executive Officer of CellGuide Ltd.
(which was acquired by Lucidlogix) from October 2009 through October 2013. Ms.
Shorr served as the Chief Executive Officer and President of Objet Ltd.
(formerly known as Objet Geometries, Ltd.), one of the two predecessor
companies to Stratasys Ltd., for a six-year period ending in March 2009, and
also served as its President. She has extensive experience in leadership and
management of technology, systems and solutions stemming from her over
twenty-year career in the high-tech sector, both in the United States and
Israel. She served as Corporate Vice President of Leaf Products at Creo Inc.
from March 2000 to March 2003, where she initiated and led in 2000 the
establishment of Leaf Products, a start-up for professional digital photography
within Creo. Prior to that time, Ms. Shorr served for nine years at Scitex,
four years of which she served as the President of the Scitex Input Division.
Beginning in 1991, she worked in the United States for IBM in a sales support
capacity and for Unisys in Program Management and was responsible for the
management of the business facets of the Unisys Network Computing Division. Ms.
Shorr has served as a director of Advanced Vision Technology Ltd. since June
2014 and was a director of Objet Geometries Ltd. and then Stratasys Ltd. from
May 2012 to June 2013. Ms. Shorr holds an MBA and a BA, both with honors, from
Michigan State University in East Lansing, Michigan. Yoav Zeif has served as our chief executive officer since February 18, 2020. Prior to joining our company, from 2018 until February 2020, Mr. Zeif was a partner in the New York office of McKinsey & Company, a global strategic advisory firm that is based in New York. Before serving in that role, Mr. Zeif served as President of the Americas Division, Head of Product Offering and Chief Commercial Officer at Netafim, the world’s largest micro-irrigation company, from 2013 to 2018. Prior to that, he served as Senior Vice President of Products and Marketing at Makhteshim (now Adama Ltd.), a global crop-protection company, where he managed the entire portfolio of products and all global commercial relationships. Yoav obtained an Executive MBA from the Kellogg School of Management at Northwestern University and a Ph.D. in International Economics from Bar-Ilan University. Eitan Zamir has served as our Chief Financial Officer since February 2022. He joined
Stratasys in 2019 and thereafter has overseen all external financial reporting,
accounting, tax, treasury, and Sarbanes-Oxley compliance for the organization
along with extensive involvement in capital raising and M&A activities.
Prior to joining Stratasys, Mr. Zamir was a Partner at Price Waterhouse Coopers
(PwC), based in Tel Aviv and New York. Mr. Zamir is a certified public
accountant who earned his bachelor’s degree, with honors, in accounting and
economics from the Hebrew University in Jerusalem, and a Master of Science with
an emphasis in financial management from Tel Aviv University. 97 Table of Contents Arrangements for Election of Directors and Members of Management; Family Relationships There are no arrangements or understandings pursuant to which any of our directors or members of senior management were selected for their roles. There are also no family relationships among any directors or members of our senior management. B. Compensation. The following table presents all compensation that we paid, or accrued, during the year ended December 31, 2022 to all persons who served as a director or as a member of senior management of our company at any time during the year. The table includes amounts that we paid to reimburse any of these persons for costs incurred in providing us with services during that period. Salaries, Fees, Bonuses Commissions, and Related Benefits Paid or Accrued (1) | Pension, Retirement and Other Similar Benefits Accrued
All directors and members of senior management as a group (2) | $ | 2,360,953 (3) | $ | 254,319 *The amount 2,360,953 below should ONLY include payment related to 2021 (2021 bonus).
(1) | Does not include the value attributable to stock option or restricted stock unit (RSU) grants. For a discussion of stock option and RSU grants to our directors and members of senior management, see below.
(2) | Comprised of the current directors and senior management members listed in the table under “Directors and Senior Management” in Item 6.A above.
(3) | This compensation amount for the year ended December 31, 2022 excludes an aggregate of $0.8 million of bonuses that were paid in 2022 in respect of services that had been performed during the previous year. Pursuant to the Companies Law, the fees payable to our directors and our chief executive officer require approval by (i) the compensation committee of our board, (ii) the board of directors and (iii) our shareholders (in that order). Please see “Compensation Policy and Committee” in Item 6.C (“Board Practices”) below for further information regarding the requirements under the Companies Law in connection with the compensation of directors. 98 Table of Contents Director Compensation The following table sets forth the
directors’ fees, salary or other compensation (excluding value attributable to
RSU grants and stock option grants, and excluding reimbursement for reasonable
expenses incurred in connection with services) that are payable to each of our
current directors , as most recently approved by our shareholders at
our November 2021 annual general meeting of shareholders : Name of Director | Annual Fee/Salary (1) | Annual Board Committee Retainer (and/or Chairman Retainer)
Dov Ofer | $ | 200,000 (2) | -
S. Scott Crump | $ | 60,000 | -
John J. McEleney | $ | 60,000 | $ | 30,000 (3)
Ziva Patir | $ | 60,000 | $ | 10,000 (4)
David Reis | $ | 60,000 | $ | 10,000 (5)
Michael Schoellhorn | $ | 60,000 | -
Yair Seroussi | $ | 60,000 | $ | 20,000 (6)
Adina Shorr | $ | 60,000 | $ | 10,000 (7) (1) | The amounts reflected in the “Annual Fee/Salary” column do not include additional annual retainer amounts payable to each director who serves (including as chairman) on a committee of our board of directors, which additional amounts are reflected in the “Annual Board Committee Retainer (and/or Chairman Retainer)” column.
(2) | Mr. Ofer’s compensation as our Chairman of the Board was approved by our shareholders at our 2020 annual general meeting of shareholders in November 2020.
(3) | Consists of the $20,000 annual retainer for serving as chairman of the compensation committee, plus a $10,000 annual retainer for serving on the audit committee.
(4) | Constitutes the $10,000 annual retainer for serving on the compensation committee.
(5) | Constitutes the $10,000 annual retainer for serving on the compensation committee
(6) | Constitutes the $20,000 annual retainer for serving as chairman of the audit committee .
(7) | Constitutes the $10,000 annual retainer for serving on the audit committee. 99 Table of Contents Director/Officer Equity Compensation Grants to independent/non-employee directors At our 2021 annual general meeting of shareholders,
our shareholders (in addition to approving the above-listed annual cash fee
amounts) approved the following annual equity package for each of our
independent and/or non-executive directors, which, as of the present time,
includes all current members of the board: Value of Grants: Annual grants of $ 140,000 value, consisting of 50% RSUs (with $70,000
value) and 50% options to purchase ordinary
shares (with
$70,000 value). Deemed
Value of RSUs/options : The number of RSUs to be granted will be
determined by dividing $70,000 by the fair market
value of a single ordinary share, determined based on the average of the
closing prices of an ordinary share on the trading days during the 30-day period
following the annual general meeting at which the director is elected or
re-elected. The number of options to be granted will
be determined by dividing $70,000 by the Black-Scholes value of an option to
purchase one ordinary share, as of the date of the annual general meeting of
shareholders at which the director is elected or re-elected. Exercise Price (for options) : Equal to the fair market value of our ordinary shares,
determined based on the average of the closing prices of an ordinary share on the trading days during the 30-day period following the election or re-election of the director by our shareholders. Vesting Schedule : Each of the RSUs and options vest
equally on a monthly basis until the earlier of (i) the first anniversary of
the grant date, or (ii) the end of the term of the applicable director at the
next annual general meeting of shareholders after the grant date, at which such
director’s directorship may be extended or terminated (which we refer to as the
Full Vesting Date), provided that all such RSUs and options shall be fully
vested at the Full Vesting Date. Other
Terms: The other terms of the RSUs/ options to purchase
ordinary shares granted annually to our non-employee directors shall be in
accordance with our then-effective equity incentive plan (currently, our 2022 Share Incentive Plan(defined below)). For
a description of the terms of our stock option and share incentive plans, see
“Share Ownership - Stock Option and Share Incentive Plans” in Item 6.E below. 100 Table of Contents Office Holder Compensation The table below outlines the compensation granted to our five most highly compensated senior office holders during or with respect to the year ended December 31, 2022, in the disclosure format of Regulation 21 of the Israeli Securities Regulations (Periodic and Immediate Reports), 1970. We refer to the five individuals for whom disclosure is provided herein as our “Covered Executives.” For purposes of the table and the summary below, and in accordance with the above-mentioned securities regulations, “compensation” includes base salary, bonuses, equity-based compensation, retirement or termination payments, benefits and perquisites such as car, phone and social benefits and any undertaking to provide such compensation. Summary Compensation Table Information Regarding the Covered Executive (1) Name and Principal Position (2) | Base Salary | Variable Compensation (3) | Benefit and Perquisites (4) | Total Compensation, Excluding Equity-Based Compensation | Equity-Based Compensation (5) | Total
Yoav Zeif, CEO | $ | 626,158 | $ | 488,404 | $ | 246,628 | $ | 1,361,190 | $ | 2,075,994 | $ | 3,437,184
Guy Yair, ROW President | 339,298 | 135,595 | 132,373 | 607,266 | 580,829 | $ | 1,188,096
Omer Kreiger, EVP Products | 336,515 | 131,229 | 119,313 | 587,058 | 558,315 | $ | 1,145,373
Richard Garrity, Chief Industrial Business Unit Officer | 333,512 | 145,107 | 32,897 | 511,516 | 576,462 | $ | 1,087,978
Yossi Azarzar, COO | $ | 322,024 | $ | 142,740 | $ | 109,683 | $ | 574,447 | $ | 465,608 | $ | 1,040,055 (1) | All amounts reported in the table are in terms of cost to the Company in U.S. dollars, as recorded in our financial statements.
(2) | All current executive officers listed in the table are full-time employees or consultants of our company. Cash compensation amounts denominated in currencies other than the U.S. dollar were converted into U.S. dollars at the average conversion rate for 2022.
(3) | Amounts reported in this column refer to commission, incentive and the maximum contractual bonus payments potentially payable for 2022. 101 Table of Contents (4) | Amounts reported in this column include benefits and perquisites, including those mandated by applicable law. Such benefits and perquisites may include, to the extent applicable to the Covered Executive, payments, contributions and/or allocations for savings funds, pension, severance, vacation, house or house allowance, car or car allowance, medical insurances and benefits, risk insurances (e.g., life, disability, accident), convalescence pay, payments for social security, tax gross-up payments, sign-up and relocation bonus and other benefits and perquisites consistent with our guidelines.
(5) | Amounts reported in this column represent the expense recorded in our financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2022 with respect to equity-based compensation. Equity-based compensation is determined based on the awards’ fair value on their grant date. Assumptions and key variables used in the calculation of such amounts are described in Note 11 to our audited consolidated financial statements, which are included in Item 18 of this annual report. Members of our senior management are eligible for bonuses each year. The bonuses are payable upon meeting objectives and targets that are set annually by our Chief Executive Officer and approved by our compensation committee and our board of directors, in that order. These same corporate bodies also set the bonus targets for our Chief Executive Officer. In accordance with a December 2012 amendment to the Companies Law, we have adopted a compensation policy that governs the compensation of our directors and senior management and which has been approved (both initially, and then in updated form) by (i) the compensation committee of our board, (ii) the board of directors and (iii) our shareholders (most recently, at our September 2018 annual general meeting of shareholders) (in that order). Please see “Compensation Policy and Committee” in Item 6.C (“Board Practices”) below for further information. C. Board Practices. Board of Directors Under the Companies Law, the management of our business is vested in our board of directors. Our board of directors may exercise all powers and may take all actions that are not specifically granted to our shareholders or to management. Our board of directors serves as the primary corporate body responsible for risk management for our company, including cybersecurity risks, and periodically consults with the management of our company to obtain updates concerning, and internally discusses, the most material risks currently facing our company, and how those risks are being mitigated. Our executive officers are responsible for our day-to-day management and have individual responsibilities established by our board of directors. Our Chief Executive Officer is appointed by, and serves at the discretion of, our board of directors, subject to the employment agreement that we have entered into with him. All other executive officers are also appointed by our board of directors, subject to the terms of any applicable employment agreements that we may enter into with them. Under our amended articles, our board of directors must consist of at least seven and not more than 11 directors, including, to the extent applicable, at least two external directors required to be elected under the Companies Law. In May 2016, we elected to be governed by a then-newly-adopted exemption under the Companies Law regulations that exempts us from appointing external directors and from complying with the Companies Law requirements related to the composition of the audit committee and compensation committee of our board of directors. Our eligibility for that exemption is conditioned upon: (i) the continued listing of our ordinary shares on the Nasdaq Stock Market (or one of a few select other non-Israeli stock exchanges); (ii) there not being a controlling shareholder (generally understood to be a 25% or greater shareholder) of our company under the Companies Law; and (iii) our compliance with the Nasdaq Listing Rules requirements as to the composition of (a) our board of directors-which requires that we maintain a majority of independent directors (as defined under the Nasdaq Listing Rules) on our board of directors and (b) the audit and compensation committees of our board of directors (which require that such committees consist solely of independent directors (at least three and two members, respectively), as described under the Nasdaq Listing Rules). At the time that it determined to exempt our company from the external director requirement, our board affirmatively determined that we meet the conditions for exemption from the external director requirement, including that a majority of the members of our board, along with each of the members of the audit and compensation committees of the board, are independent under the Nasdaq Listing Rules. 102 Table of Contents As a result of our election
to be exempt from the external director requirement under the Companies Law,
each of our directors is elected annually, at our annual general meeting of
shareholders. The vote required for the election of each director is a majority
of the voting power represented at the meeting and voting on the election
proposal. Following our 2022 annual general meeting of shareholders that took
place in September 2022, the current members of our board consist of the
Chairman - Dov Ofer, S.Scott Crump, John J. McEleney (Chairman of the
Compensation Committee), Ziva Patir, David Reis, Michael Schoellhorn, Yair
Seroussi (Chairman of the Audit Committee) and Adina Shorr. For more information, please see “Election of
Directors” in Item 10.B (“Memorandum and Articles of Association”) below. Our board of directors may appoint directors to fill vacancies on the board, for a term of office equal to the remaining period of the term of office of the director(s) whose office(s) have been vacated. In accordance with the exemption available to foreign private issuers under the Nasdaq Listing Rules, we do not follow the requirements of the Nasdaq rules with regard to the process of nominating directors. Instead, we follow Israeli law and practice, in accordance with which our board of directors (based on the recommendation of the executive committee thereof) is authorized to recommend to our shareholders director nominees for election. Under the Companies Law and our amended articles, nominations for directors may also be made by any shareholder holding at least one percent (1%) of our outstanding voting power. However, any such shareholder may make such a nomination only if a written notice of such shareholder’s intent to make such nomination (together with certain documentation required under the Companies Law) has been delivered to our registered Israeli office within seven days after we publish notice of our upcoming annual general meeting (or within 14 days after we publish a preliminary notification of an upcoming annual general meeting). In addition to its role in making director nominations, under the Companies Law, our board of directors must determine the minimum number of directors who are required to have accounting and financial expertise. Under applicable regulations, a director with accounting and financial expertise is a director who, by reason of his or her education, professional experience and skill, has a high level of proficiency in and understanding of business accounting matters and financial statements. See “—External Directors” in this Item 6.C below. He or she must be able to thoroughly comprehend the financial statements of the company and initiate debate regarding the manner in which financial information is presented. In determining the number of directors required to have such expertise, our board of directors must consider, among other things, the type and size of our company and the scope and complexity of its operations. Our board of directors has determined that our company requires one director with such expertise. External Directors Under the Companies Law, the boards of directors of companies whose shares are publicly traded, including companies with shares traded in the United States, are generally required to include at least two members who qualify as external directors. Our election to exempt our company from compliance with the external director requirement can be reversed at any time by our board of directors, in which case we would need to hold a shareholder meeting to once again appoint external directors, whose election would be for a three-year term. The election of each external director would require a majority vote of the shares present and voting at a shareholders meeting, provided that either: • the majority voted in favor of election includes a majority of the shares held by non-controlling shareholders who do not have a personal interest in the election of the external director (other than a personal interest not deriving from a relationship with a controlling shareholder) that are voted at the meeting, excluding abstentions, which we refer to as a disinterested majority; or • the total number of shares held by non-controlling, disinterested shareholders (as described in the previous bullet-point) voted against the election of the director does not exceed two percent (2%) of the aggregate voting rights in the company. The term “controlling shareholder” is defined in the Companies Law as a shareholder with the ability to direct the activities of the company, other than by virtue of being an office holder. A shareholder is presumed to be a controlling shareholder if the shareholder holds 50% or more of the voting rights in a company or has the right to appoint the majority of the directors of the company or its general manager (i.e., its CEO). For further information concerning the Companies Law provisions related to external directors, please see “Item 6. Directors, Senior Management and Employees-C. Board Practices-Board of Directors-External Directors” in our annual report on Form 20-F for the year ended December 31, 2015, which we filed with the SEC on March 21, 2016. 103 Table of Contents Board Committees Audit Committee Under the Companies Law, the board of directors of a public company must appoint an audit committee. The audit committee must consist of at least three directors. To the extent a company is required to appoint external directors, this committee must include all of the external directors, one of whom must serve as chairman of the committee. There are additional requirements as to the composition of the audit committee under the Companies Law. However, when we elected to exempt our company from the external director requirement, we concurrently elected to exempt our company from all of such requirements (which exemption is conditioned on our fulfillment of all Nasdaq listing requirements related to the composition of the audit committee). The members of our audit committee consist of John McEleney, Yair Seroussi and Adina Shorr. Mr. Seroussi serves as chairman of the committee. Our board of directors has determined that each of Messrs. McEleney and Seroussi, and Ms. Shorr, meets the independence requirements set forth in the Listing Rules of the Nasdaq Stock Market and in Rule 10A-3 under the Exchange Act. Our board of directors has determined that Mr. Seroussi qualifies as an audit committee financial expert, as defined under Item 16A of the SEC’s Form 20-F, and has the requisite financial sophistication set forth in the Nasdaq rules and regulations. Our board of directors has adopted an audit committee charter that sets forth the responsibilities of the audit committee consistent with the rules of the SEC and the Listing Rules of the Nasdaq Stock Market, as well as the requirements for such committee under the Companies Law, including the following: • oversight of our independent registered public accounting firm and recommending the engagement, compensation or termination of engagement of our independent registered public accounting firm to the board of directors in accordance with Israeli law; • recommending the engagement or termination of the person filling the office of our internal auditor; and • recommending the terms of audit and non-audit services provided by the independent registered public accounting firm for pre-approval by our board of directors. Our audit committee provides assistance to our board of directors in fulfilling its legal and fiduciary obligations in matters involving our accounting, auditing, financial reporting, internal control and legal compliance functions by pre-approving the services performed by our independent accountants and reviewing their reports regarding our accounting practices and systems of internal control over financial reporting. Our audit committee also oversees the audit efforts of our independent accountants and takes those actions that it deems necessary to satisfy itself that the accountants are independent of management. Under the Companies Law, our audit committee is responsible for (i) determining whether there are deficiencies in the business management practices of our company, including in consultation with our internal auditor or the independent auditor, and making recommendations to the board of directors to improve such practices, (ii) determining whether to approve certain related party transactions (including transactions in which an office holder has a personal interest and whether such transaction is extraordinary) (see “-Approval of related party transactions under Israeli Law” below in this Item 6.C), (iii) determining standards and policies for determining whether a transaction with a controlling shareholder or a transaction in which a controlling shareholder has a personal interest is deemed insignificant or not and the approval requirements (including, potentially, the approval of the audit committee) for transactions that are not insignificant including the types of transactions that are not insignificant, (iv) where the board of directors approves the working plan of the internal auditor, to examine such working plan before its submission to the board and propose amendments thereto, (v) examining our internal controls and internal auditor’s performance, including whether the internal auditor has sufficient resources and tools to dispose of its responsibilities, (vi) examining the scope of our auditor’s work and compensation and submitting a recommendation with respect thereto to our board of directors or shareholders, depending on which of them is considering the appointment of our auditor and (vii) establishing procedures for the handling of employees’ complaints as to the management of our business and the protection to be provided to such employees. Our audit committee may not approve an action or a related party transaction, or take any other action required under the Companies Law, unless at the time of approval a majority of the committee’s members are present, which majority consists of unaffiliated directors including at least one external director. 104 Table of Contents Compensation Committee and Compensation Policy Following the adoption of a December 2012
amendment to the Companies Law, we appointed a compensation committee and
established a policy regarding the terms of engagement of office holders, or a
compensation policy. Such compensation policy was set by our board, after
considering the recommendations of our newly-appointed compensation committee,
and was approved by our shareholders in September 2013. In February 2015 and
again in September 2018 and November 2021, following approval by our
compensation committee and board, our shareholders approved amended and
restated versions of our compensation policy at an extraordinary general
meeting of shareholders and at our 2018 and 2021 annual general meetings of
shareholders (respectively). The compensation policy serves as the basis for decisions concerning the financial terms of employment or engagement of our office holders, including exculpation, insurance, indemnification or any monetary payment or obligation of payment in respect of employment or engagement. The compensation policy also relates to certain factors, including advancement of our objectives, our business and our long-term strategy, and creation of appropriate incentives for executives. It also considers, among other things, our risk management, size and the nature of our operations. The compensation policy furthermore considers the following additional factors: • the knowledge, skills, expertise and accomplishments of the relevant director or executive; • the director’s or executive’s roles and responsibilities and prior compensation agreements with him or her; • the relationship between the terms offered and the average compensation of the other employees of our company, including those (if any) employed through manpower companies; • the impact of disparities in salary upon work relationships in our company; • the possibility of reducing variable compensation at the discretion of the board of directors; and the possibility of setting a limit on the exercise value of non-cash variable compensation; and • as to severance compensation, the period of service of the director or executive, the terms of his or her compensation during such service period, our company’s performance during that period of service, the person’s contribution towards our company’s achievement of its goals and the maximization of its profits, and the circumstances under which the person is leaving our company. The compensation policy also includes the following principles: • the link between variable compensation and long-term performance and measurable criteria; • the relationship between variable and fixed compensation, and the ceiling for the value of variable compensation; • the conditions under which a director or executive would be required to repay compensation paid to him or her if it was later shown that the data upon which such compensation was based was inaccurate and was required to be restated in our financial statements; and • the minimum holding or vesting period for variable, equity-based compensation. The compensation policy must also consider appropriate incentives from a long-term perspective and maximum limits for severance compensation. 105 Table of Contents Under the December 2012 amendment to the Companies Law, our compensation committee is responsible for recommending the compensation policy to our board of directors for its approval (and subsequent approval by our shareholders) and is charged with duties related to the compensation policy and to the compensation of our office holders as well as functions related to approval of the terms of engagement of office holders, including: • recommending whether our compensation policy should continue in effect, if the then-current policy has a term of greater than three (3) years (approval of the continuation of an existing compensation policy for a company such as ours must in any case occur every three years); • recommending to our board periodic updates to the compensation policy; • assessing implementation of the compensation policy; and • determining whether the compensation terms of the chief executive officer of our company need not be brought to approval of the shareholders (under special circumstances). As to the composition of the compensation committee, under the Companies Law, if a company is required to appoint external directors, the committee must consist of at least three (3) members, including all of the external directors, one of whom must serve as chairman of the committee. There are additional requirements as to the composition of the audit committee under the Companies Law. However, when we elected to exempt our company from the external director requirement, we concurrently elected to exempt our company from all of such requirements (including the three-member minimum). Our exemption under the Companies Law is conditioned on our fulfillment of all Nasdaq listing requirements related to the composition of the compensation committee. The compensation committee is subject to the same Companies Law restrictions as the audit committee as to who may not be present during committee deliberations (as described under “-Approval of Related Party Transactions Under Israeli Law—Fiduciary Duties of Directors and Executive Officers—Disclosure of Personal Interests of an Office Holder” below). The Nasdaq Listing Rules also require that the compensation of the chief executive officer and all other executive officers of our company be determined, or be recommended to the board for determination, by a compensation committee consisting solely of independent directors (subject to a minimum of two committee members). We initially appointed our compensation committee in
mid-2013. The committee currently consists of John McEleney, Ziva Patir
and David Reis. John McEleney serves as chairman of the committee. Our board of
directors has determined that each of Mr. McEleney, Ms. Patir and Mr. Reis
meets the independence requirements set forth in the Listing Rules of the
Nasdaq Stock Market and in Rule 10C-1 under the Exchange Act. Nominating Committee Our board of directors does not currently have a nominating committee, as director nominations are made in accordance with the terms of our articles, as described in “-Board of Directors” above. We rely upon the exemption available to foreign private issuers under the Listing Rules of the Nasdaq Stock Market from the Nasdaq listing requirements related to independent director oversight of nominations to our board of directors and the adoption of a formal written charter or board resolution addressing the nominations process. Also see Item 16.G “Corporate Governance” below. 106 Table of Contents Internal Auditor Under the Companies Law, the board of directors of an Israeli public company must appoint an internal auditor recommended by the audit committee and nominated by the board of directors. An internal auditor may not be: • a person (or a relative of a person) who holds more than 5% of the company’s outstanding shares or voting rights; • a person (or a relative of a person) who has the power to appoint a director or the general manager of the company; • an office holder (including a director) of the company (or a relative thereof); or • a member of the company’s independent accounting firm, or anyone on his or her behalf. The role of the internal auditor is to
examine, among other things, our compliance with applicable law and orderly
business procedures. Irena Ben-Y akar, of Deloitte
Israel & Co. has served as our internal auditor since February 2021. Approval of Related Party Transactions Under Israeli Law Fiduciary Duties of Directors and Executive Officers The Companies Law codifies the fiduciary duties that office holders owe to a company. Each person listed in the table under Item 6.A “Directors and Senior Management” is an office holder under the Companies Law. An office holder’s fiduciary duties consist of a duty of care and a duty of loyalty. The duty of care requires an office holder to act with the level of care with which a reasonable office holder in the same position would have acted under the same circumstances. The duty of loyalty requires that an office holder act in good faith and in the best interests of the company. The duty of care includes a duty to use reasonable means to obtain: • information on the advisability of a given action brought for his or her approval or performed by virtue of his or her position; and • all other important information pertaining to these actions. The duty of loyalty requires an office holder to act in good faith and for the benefit of the company, and includes a duty to: • refrain from any conflict of interest between the performance of his or her duties to the company and his or her other duties or personal affairs; • refrain from any activity that is competitive with the company; • refrain from exploiting any business opportunity of the company to receive a personal gain for himself or herself or others; and • disclose to the company any information or documents relating to the company’s affairs which the office holder received as a result of his or her position as an office holder. 107 Table of Contents Disclosure of Personal Interests of an Office Holder The Companies Law requires that an office holder promptly disclose to the board of directors any personal interest that he or she may have and all related material information known to him or her and any documents concerning any existing or proposed transaction with the company. An interested office holder’s disclosure must be made promptly and in any event no later than the first meeting of the board of directors at which the transaction is considered. A “personal interest” includes an interest of any person in an act or transaction of a company, including a personal interest of one’s relative or of a corporate body in which such person or a relative of such person is a 5% or greater shareholder, director or general manager or in which he or she has the right to appoint at least one director or the general manager, but excluding a personal interest stemming from one’s ownership of shares in the company. A personal interest furthermore includes the personal interest of a person for whom the office holder holds a voting proxy or the interest of the office holder with respect to his or her vote on behalf of the shareholder for whom he or she holds a proxy even if such shareholder itself has no personal interest in the approval of the matter. An office holder is not, however, obliged to disclose a personal interest if it derives solely from the personal interest of his or her relative in a transaction that is not considered an extraordinary transaction. Under the Companies Law, an “extraordinary transaction” is defined as any of the following: • a transaction other than in the ordinary course of business; • a transaction that is not on market terms; or • a transaction that may have a material impact on a company’s profitability, assets or liabilities. If it is determined that an office holder has a personal interest in a transaction, approval by the board of directors is required for the transaction, unless the company’s articles of association provide for a different method of approval. Further, so long as an office holder has disclosed his or her personal interest in a transaction, the board of directors may approve an action by the office holder that would otherwise be deemed a breach of duty of loyalty. However, a company may not approve a transaction or action that is adverse to the company’s interest or that is not performed by the office holder in good faith. Approval first by the company’s audit committee and subsequently by the board of directors is required for an extraordinary transaction with an office holder. Compensation of, or an undertaking to indemnify or insure, an office holder, requires approval by the compensation committee, the board of directors and, in certain cases (for directors, the chief executive officer, and any executive officer whose compensation terms do not conform to the then-existing compensation policy) the shareholders, in that order. Compensation of an individual office holder, including the chief executive officer (but excluding a director), that does not conform to the company’s compensation policy may be adopted under special circumstances despite failure to obtain shareholder approval if, following the relevant shareholder vote, the compensation committee followed by the board once again approves the compensation, based on renewed and specific analysis of relevant factors. Generally, a person who has a personal interest in a matter which is considered at a meeting of the board of directors, the audit committee or compensation committee may not be present at such a meeting or vote on that matter unless a majority of the board, audit committee or compensation committee (as appropriate) has a personal interest in the matter, or unless the chairman of the board, audit committee or compensation committee (as appropriate) determines that he or she should be present in order to present the transaction that is subject to approval. If a majority of the members of the board, audit committee or compensation committee has a personal interest in the approval of a transaction, then all directors may participate in discussions of the board of directors, audit committee or compensation committee on such transaction and the voting on approval thereof, but shareholder approval is also required for such transaction. 108 Table of Contents Disclosure of Personal Interests of Controlling Shareholders Pursuant to Israeli law, the disclosure requirements regarding personal interests that apply to directors and executive officers also apply to a controlling shareholder of a public company. In the context of a transaction involving a shareholder of the company, a controlling shareholder also includes any shareholder who holds 25% or more of the voting rights if no other shareholder holds more than 50% of the voting rights. Two or more shareholders with a personal interest in the approval of the same transaction are deemed to be a single shareholder and may be deemed a controlling shareholder for the purpose of approving such transaction. Extraordinary transactions with a controlling shareholder or in which a controlling shareholder has a personal interest, or a transaction with a controlling shareholder or his or her relative, directly or indirectly, require the approval of the audit committee, the board of directors and the shareholders of the company, in that order. In addition, the shareholder approval must fulfill one of the following requirements: • a disinterested majority; or • the votes of shareholders who have no personal interest in the transaction and who are present and voting, in person, by proxy or by voting deed at the meeting, and who vote against the transaction may not represent more than two percent (2%) of the voting rights of the company. To the extent that any such transaction with a controlling shareholder is for a period extending beyond three years, approval is required once every three years, unless the audit committee determines that the duration of the transaction is reasonable given the circumstances related thereto. The engagement of a controlling shareholder as an office holder or employee requires the same approvals as are described immediately above, except that the approval of the compensation committee, rather than the audit committee, is required. Shareholder Duties Pursuant to the Companies Law, a shareholder has a duty to act in good faith and in a customary manner toward the company and other shareholders and to refrain from abusing his or her power in the company, including, among other things, in voting at the general meeting of shareholders and at class shareholder meetings with respect to the following matters: • an amendment to the company’s articles of association; • an increase of the company’s authorized share capital; • a merger; or • 109 Table of Contents In addition, a shareholder also has a general duty to refrain from discriminating against other shareholders. In addition, certain shareholders have a duty of fairness toward the company. These shareholders include any controlling shareholder, any shareholder who knows that it has the power to determine the outcome of a shareholder vote or a shareholder class vote and any shareholder who has the power to appoint or to prevent the appointment of an office holder of the company or other power towards the company. The Companies Law does not define the substance of this duty of fairness, except to state that the remedies generally available upon a breach of contract will also apply in the event of a breach of the duty to act with fairness. Exculpation, Insurance and Indemnification of Directors and Officers Under the Companies Law, a company may not exculpate an office holder from liability for a breach of the duty of loyalty. An Israeli company may exculpate an office holder in advance from liability to the company, in whole or in part, for damages caused to the company as a result of a breach of duty of care but only if a provision authorizing such exculpation is inserted in its articles of association. Our amended articles include such a provision. The company may not exculpate in advance a director from liability arising out of a prohibited dividend or distribution to shareholders. Under the Companies Law, a company may indemnify an office holder in respect of the following liabilities and expenses incurred for acts performed by him or her as an office holder, either in advance of an event or following an event, provided its articles of association include a provision authorizing such indemnification: • financial liability incurred by or imposed on him or her in favor of another person pursuant to a judgment, including a settlement or arbitrator’s award approved by a court. However, if an undertaking to indemnify an office holder with respect to such liability is provided in advance, then such an undertaking must be limited to events which, in the opinion of the board of directors, can be foreseen based on the company’s activities when the undertaking to indemnify is given, and to an amount or according to criteria determined by the board of directors as reasonable under the circumstances, and such undertaking shall detail the above mentioned foreseen events and amount or criteria; • reasonable litigation expenses, including attorneys’ fees, incurred by the office holder as a result of an investigation or proceeding instituted against him or her by an authority authorized to conduct such investigation or proceeding, provided that (i) no indictment was filed against such office holder as a result of such investigation or proceeding; and (ii) no financial liability was imposed upon him or her as a substitute for the criminal proceeding as a result of such investigation or proceeding or, if such financial liability was imposed, it was imposed with respect to an offense that does not require proof of criminal intent; and 110 Table of Contents • reasonable litigation expenses, including attorneys’ fees, incurred by the office holder or imposed by a court in proceedings instituted against him or her by the company, on its behalf, or by a third party, or in connection with criminal proceedings in which the office holder was acquitted, or as a result of a conviction for an offense that does not require proof of criminal intent. Under the Companies Law, a company may insure an office holder against the following liabilities incurred for acts performed by him or her as an office holder if and to the extent provided in the company’s articles of association: • a breach of the duty of loyalty to the company, provided that the office holder acted in good faith and had a reasonable basis to believe that the act would not harm the company; • a breach of duty of care to the company or to a third party, to the extent such a breach arises out of the negligent conduct of the office holder; and • a financial liability imposed on the office holder in favor of a third party. Under the Companies Law, a company may not indemnify, exculpate or insure an office holder against any of the following: • a breach of fiduciary duty, except for indemnification and insurance for a breach of the duty of loyalty to the company to the extent that the office holder acted in good faith and had a reasonable basis to believe that the act would not prejudice the company; • a breach of duty of care committed intentionally or recklessly, excluding a breach arising out of the negligent conduct of the office holder; • an act or omission committed with intent to derive illegal personal benefit; or • a fine or forfeit levied against the office holder. Under the Companies Law, exculpation, indemnification and insurance of office holders must be approved by our compensation committee and our board of directors and, with respect to directors or controlling shareholders, their relatives and third parties in which such controlling shareholders have a personal interest, also by the shareholders. See “-Approval of Related Party Transactions Under Israeli Law—Fiduciary Duties of Directors and Executive Officers” above in this Item 6.C. Our amended articles permit us to exculpate, indemnify and insure our office holders to the fullest extent permitted or to be permitted by the Companies Law. We have obtained directors and officers liability, or D&O, insurance for the benefit of our office holders and intend to continue to maintain such coverage and pay all premiums thereunder to the fullest extent permitted by the Companies Law. Under our amended compensation policy (as approved by our shareholders at our 2021 annual general meeting), our D&O insurance is governed by the following guidelines: (i) an aggregate maximum D&O insurance coverage level of
$160 million comprised of up to $100 million of ABC (general) D&O insurance
coverage and up to $60 million of Side A coverage, and (i) the payment of premiums and deductibles under each of the
Company’s D&O insurance policies (including D&O run-off and public
offering insurance) that are consistent with market terms, and that are not
material to our company. . In addition, we have entered into agreements with each of our office holders undertaking to indemnify them to the fullest extent permitted by Israeli law. Directors’ Service Contracts We are not presently party to any service contracts with any of our directors that provide for benefits upon termination of employment or other service. 111 Table of Contents D. Employees The number of our full-time equivalent employees, and the distribution of employees (i) geographically and (ii) within the divisions of our company, in each case as of December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 are set forth in the two tables below. Region | 2022 | 2021 | 2020
Americas* | 1,098 | 1,148 | 1,182
Israel | 531 | 477 | 458
Europe | 302 | 269 | 192
Asia Pacific | 131 | 145 | 149
Total | 2,062 | 2,039 | 1,981 Number of full-time equivalent employees
Division | 2022 | 2021 | 2020
Operations and support | 620 | 689 | 696
Research and development | 360 | 358 | 358
Customer service | 241 | 264 | 260
Sales and marketing | 495 | 353 | 295
General and administrative | 346 | 375 | 372
Total | 2,062 | 2,039 | 1,981 * Includes employees in Latin America. 112 Table of Contents During the years covered by the above tables, we did not employ a significant number of temporary employees. The size of our workforce did not change substantially in 2022 compared to 2021 The number of our employees in Israel and Europe grew slightly, whereas the number of employees in the Americas region (and in the United States in particular) decreased, mainly due to our divestiture of MakerBot (which was based in Brooklyn, New York). The changes in 2022 as to the divisions in which our employees worked primarily reflect the revised categorization of some of our employees’ positions following certain organizational restructurings, which we effected based on the recommendations of an outside consultant. The increase in the size of our workforce in 2021 was due to our acquisition of new companies as part of our implementation of our growth strategy. The growth was mainly in Europe, the location of our RPS-RP Support and Stratasys Powder Production teams. The increase in our sales and marketing employees was mainly due to the revised categorization of some of our positions (mainly application engineers) as within the sales and marketing group. While our Israeli employees, and the vast majority of all of our employees globally are not, party to a collective bargaining agreement, certain provisions of the collective bargaining agreements between the Histadrut (General Federation of Labor in Israel) and the Coordination Bureau of Economic Organizations (including the Industrialists’ Associations) are applicable to our employees in Israel by order of the Israel Ministry of Labor. These provisions primarily concern the length of the workday, minimum daily wages for professional workers, pension fund benefits for all employees, insurance for work-related accidents, procedures for dismissing employees, determination of severance pay and other conditions of employment. We generally provide our employees with benefits and working conditions beyond the required minimums. We have never experienced any employment-related work stoppages. We believe that our relationship with our employees is good. The employees of our subsidiaries are subject to local labor laws and regulations that vary from country to country. 113 Table of Contents E. Share Ownership. The following table lists, as of February 14, 2023, the number of our ordinary shares owned, and stock options held, by each of the directors and members of our senior management who served as such during the year ended December 31, 2022 : Shares of Stratasys (1) | Stratasys stock options and RSUs (2)
Number held (4)
Name | Number of shares beneficially owned (3) | Percent of outstanding shares beneficially owned (3) | Already vested or vesting within 60 days | Not vesting within 60 days | Exercise price per Share (for options) | Expiration Date (for options)
Dov Ofer | 103,541 (5) | * | 10,000 | — | $ | 23.41 | July 18, 2027
Chairman of the Board | 10,000 | — | $ | 21.82 | September 13,2028
37,500 | — | $ | 22.28 | October 4, 2028
10,000 | — | $ | 20.53 | December 31, 2029
10,000 | — | $ | 19.61 | November 30, 2030
4,745 | — | $ | 25.03 | November 23, 2031
— | 11,326 | $ | 6.18 | December 26, 2032
— | 5,340 | $ | — | December 26, 2032
S. Scott Crump | 589,409 (6) | * | 100,000 | — | $ | 82.15 | June 21, 2023
Director | 100,000 | — | $ | 19.96 | April 6, 2027
4,745 | — | $ | 25.03 | November 23, 2031
2,948 | 4,422 | $ | 9.50 | September 15, 2032
1,947 | 2,921 | $ | — | September 15, 2032
John J. McEleney | 78,936 (7) | * | 16,500 | — | $ | 82.15 | June 21, 2023
Director | 10,000 | — | $ | 21.44 | June 4, 2026
10,000 | — | $ | 23.41 | July 18, 2027
10,000 | — | $ | 19.59 | September 13, 2028
10,000 | — | $ | 20.53 | December 31, 2029
10,000 | — | $ | 19.61 | November 30, 2030
4,745 | — | $ | 25.03 | November 23, 2031
2,948 | 4,422 | $ | 9.50 | September 15 ,2032
1,947 | 2,901 | $ | — | September 15 ,2032
Ziva Patir | 77,123 (8) | * | 29,582 | — | $ | 82.15 | June 21, 2023
Director | 10,000 | — | $ | 21.44 | June 4, 2026
10,000 | — | $ | 23.41 | July 18, 2027
10,000 | — | $ | 20.53 | December 31, 2029
10,000 | — | $ | 19.61 | November 30, 2030
4,745 | — | $ | 25.03 | November 23, 2031
— | 11,326 | $ | 6.18 | December 26, 2032
— | 5,340 | $ | — | December 26, 2032
David Reis | 73,541 (9) | * | 37,500 | — | $ | 22.28 | October 4, 2028
Director | 10,000 | — | $ | 19.61 | November 30, 2030
4,745 | — | $ | 25.03 | November 23, 2031
— | 11,326 | $ | 6.18 | December 26, 2032
— | 5,340 | $ | — | December 26, 2032
Michael Schoellhorn | 22,436 (10) | * | 10,000 | — | $ | 19.61 | November 30, 2030
Director | 4,745 | — | $ | 25.03 | November 23, 2031
2,948 | 4,422 | $ | 9.50 | September 15, 2032
1,947 | 2,921 | $ | — | September 15, 2032
Yair Seroussi | 47,541 (11) | * | 10,000 | — | $ | 23.41 | July 18, 2027
Director | 10,000 | — | $ | 21.82 | September 13, 2028
10,000 | — | $ | 20.53 | December 31, 2029
10,000 | — | $ | 19.61 | November 30, 2030
4,745 | — | $ | 25.03 | November 23, 2031
— | 11,326 | $ | 6.18 | December 26, 2032
— | 5,340 | $ | — | December 26, 2032
Adina Shorr | 71,011 (12) | * | 10,000 | — | $ | 22.47 | October 13, 2028
Director | 10,000 | — | $ | 20.53 | December 31, 2029
10,000 | — | $ | 19.61 | November 30, 2030
4,745 | — | $ | 25.03 | November 23, 2031
— | 11,326 | $ | 6.18 | December 26, 2032
— | 5,340 | $ | — | December 26, 2032
Yoav Zeif | 54,429 (13) | * | — | 150,000 | $ | 16.41 | February 18, 2030
Chief Executive Officer | — | 150,000 | $ | 16.41 | February 18, 2030
33,278 | 39,091 | $ | — | —
13,385 | 22,800 | $ | — | —
— | 16,632 | $ | — | February 22, 2032
— | 33,264 | $ | — | February 22, 2032
Eitan Zamir | *(14) | *
* Chief Financial Officer 114 Table of Contents * | Constitutes less than 1% of our outstanding shares.
(1) | All of our shares (including shares held by directors and members of senior management) have identical voting rights.
(2) | For a description of our equity incentive plans, please see “Stock Option and Share Incentive Plans” in this Item below. All options and RSUs granted under such plans have been granted without payment of any cash consideration therefor by the grantees thereof.
(3) | In accordance with Rule 13d-3 under the Exchange Act, the number of shares and the percentages shown for individual directors and officers include any ordinary shares underlying stock options and RSUs held by any such person that vest within 60 days of February 14, 202 3 and that are also reflected in the column titled “Stratasys stock options and RSUs—Number held — Already vested or vesting within 60 days.” Further in keeping with such Rule 13d-3, the computation of percentage ownership is based upon 67,420,973 ordinary shares outstanding at February 14, 202 3 , plus such number of ordinary shares as such person (but not any other person) had the right to receive upon the exercise or settlement of vested stock options or RSUs (as applicable) within 60 days thereof.
(4) | Each stock option is exercisable for one ordinary share, and each RSU represents the right to receive one ordinary share.
(5) | Consists of (i ) 21,296 ordinary shares that have been issued to Mr. Ofer following the vesting and settlement of RSUs, and (ii) 82,245 ordinary shares issuable to Mr. Ofer upon the exercise of options granted to him that have vested or will vest within 60 days of February 1 4 , 202 3
(6) | Consists of (i) 200,679 ordinary shares held by Mr. Crump, (ii) 176,294 ordinary shares owned of record by Mr. Crump’s wife, (iii) 2,796 ordinary shares that have been issued to Mr. Crump following the vesting and settlement of RSUs, 207,693 ordinary shares issuable to Mr. Crump upon the exercise of options granted to him that have vested or will vest within 60 days of February 14, 2022, and (iv) 1 ,947 additional ordinary shares underlying RSUs that will vest and may be settled within 60 days of February 14, 202 3 .
(7) | Consists of (i) 2,796 ordinary shares that have been issued to Mr. McEleney following the vesting and settlement of RSUs, (ii) 74,193 ordinary shares issuable to Mr. McEleney upon the exercise of options granted to him that have vested or will vest within 60 days of February 14, 2023, and (iii) 1,947 additional ordinary shares underlying RSUs that will vest and may be settled within 60 days of February 14, 2023.
(8) | Consists of (i) 2,796 ordinary shares that have been issued to Ms. Patir following the vesting and settlement of RSUs, and (ii) 74,327 ordinary shares issuable to Ms. Patir upon the exercise of options granted to her that have vested or will vest within 60 days of February 14, 2023
(9) | Consists of (i) 52,245 ordinary shares issuable to Mr. Reis upon the exercise of options granted to him that have vested or will vest within 60 days of February 14, 2023, (ii) 15,129 ordinary shares underlying RSUs that have vested and may be settled within 60 days of February 14, 2023, and (iii) 6,167 ordinary shares underlying PSUs that have vested and may be settled within 60 days of February 14, 2023.
(10) | Consists of (i) 2,796 ordinary shares that have been issued to Mr. Schoellhorn following the vesting and settlement of RSUs, (ii) 17,693 ordinary shares issuable to Mr. Schoellhorn upon the exercise of options granted to him that have vested or will vest within 60 days of February 14, 2023, and (iii) 1,947 additional ordinary shares underlying RSUs that will vest and may be settled within 60 days of February 14, 2023.
(11) | Consists of (i) 2,796 ordinary shares that have been issued to Mr. Seroussi following the vesting and settlement of RSUs, and (ii) 44,745 ordinary shares issuable to Mr. Seroussi upon the exercise of options granted to him that have vested or will vest within 60 days of February 14, 2023.
(12) | Consists of (i) 33,470 ordinary shares held by Ms. Shorr, (ii) 2,796 additional ordinary shares that have been issued to Ms. Shorr following the vesting and settlement of RSUs, and (iii) 34,745 ordinary shares issuable to Ms. Shorr upon the exercise of options granted to her that have vested or will vest within 60 days of February 14, 2023.
(13) | Consists of (i) 7,766 ordinary shares held by Mr. Zeif, and (ii) 46,663 ordinary shares underlying RSUs that have vested and may be settled within 60 days of February 14, 2023.
(14) | Because Mr. Zamir beneficially owns less than 1% of our outstanding ordinary shares and his beneficial ownership has not previously been disclosed to our shareholders or otherwise made public, it is being omitted from this annual report pursuant to an allowance provided by the SEC’s Form 20-F. 115 Table of Contents Stock Option and Share Incentive Plans On September 16, 2022, our existing 2012 Omnibus Equity Incentive Plan (the “2012 Plan”), which became effective at the effective time of the Stratasys, Inc.- Objet Ltd. merger in December 2012, expired. In order to enable our Company to continue to provide share-based long-term incentive compensation after the expiration of the 2012 Plan, our compensation committee and our Board each approved our 2022 Share Incentive Plan (the “2022 Plan”), which our shareholders approved at our annual general meeting held on September 15, 2022. Outstanding awards under the 2012 Plan will continue to be subject to the terms of the 2012 Plan, notwithstanding the expiration of that plan. The following sets forth certain information with respect to our current stock option and share incentive plans. The following descriptions are only a summary of each plan and each is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the respective plans, which serve as exhibits to this annual report. Upon the expiration of each of our stock option and share incentive plans, no further grants may be made thereunder, although any existing awards will continue in full force in accordance with the terms under which they were granted. 2012 Omnibus Equity Incentive Plan For a description of our 2012 Plan, please see “Item 6. Directors, Senior Management & Employees—E. Share Ownership— Stock Option and Share Incentive Plans— 2012 Omnibus Equity Incentive Plan” in our annual report on Form 20-F for the year ended December 31, 2021, which we filed with the SEC on February 24, 2022. 2022 Share Inactive Plane Under the 2022 Plan, we may
grant equity-based incentive awards to attract, motivate and retain the talent
for which we compete. Following the adoption of the 2022 Plan, we will no
longer grant any awards under the 2012 Plan, though previously granted awards
under the 2012 Plan will remain outstanding and will still be governed by the
terms of the 2012 Plan. Authorized
Shares. Upon its effectiveness, the
2022 Plan had a total of 1,574,000 ordinary shares reserved and initially
available for issuance, consisting of 1,296,494 newly authorized shares and
277,506 shares that will be rolled over from the 2012 Plan, which were already
approved for issuance by our shareholders at previous annual general meetings
(which shares will be unused under the 2012 Plan as of its expiration on
September 16, 2022). Out of that initial pool of shares, the number of ordinary
shares that may be issued upon the exercise of incentive stock options (within
the meaning of Section 422 of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as
amended (the “ Code ”)) (“I ncentive Stock Options ”) is capped at 1,574,000. 116 Table of Contents In
addition to the foregoing 1,574,000 ordinary shares initially available under
the 2022 Plan, up to 5,432,789 ordinary shares that underlie outstanding awards
under the 2012 Plan (and which were also already approved for issuance under
the 2012 Plan by our shareholders at previous annual general meetings), may,
(i) if the related award expires or is canceled, terminated, forfeited,
repurchased or settled in cash in lieu of issuance of shares, for any reason,
without having been exercised, or (ii) if permitted by us, if are tendered to
pay (x) the exercise price of an award or (y) withholding tax obligations,
will, in any such case, become available for issuance under the 2022 Plan.
Similarly, ordinary shares from among the initial 1,574,000 shares reserved under
the 2022 Plan that become subject to an award and are ultimately not issued
(for any of the foregoing reasons) will become available once again under the
2022 Plan. In
keeping with the recommendation of institutional shareholder and proxy advisory
groups, the 2022 Plan does not contain an “evergreen” provision that provides
for an automatic annual increase in the number of ordinary shares available
under the plan. Instead, we will request shareholder approval for any increase
in the pool of shares available under the 2022 Plan. Administration. A duly authorized committee of our Board
(which, based on prior authorization by our Board, is our compensation
committee), or, in the absence of any such committee, the Board itself, will
administer the 2022 Plan. Under the 2022 Plan, the administrator has the
authority, subject to applicable law, to interpret the terms of the 2022 Plan
and any award agreements or awards granted thereunder, designate recipients of
awards, determine and amend the terms of awards and take all actions and make
all other determinations necessary for the administration of the 2022 Plan. Eligibility. The 2022 Plan provides for granting awards
under various tax regimes, including, without limitation, in compliance with
Section 102 of the Israeli Tax Ordinance (the “ Ordinance ”) and Section 3(i) of
the Ordinance, and, for awards granted to our United States employees or
service providers, including those who are deemed to be residents of the United
States for tax purposes, Section 422 of the Code and Section 409A of the Code. Awards. The 2022 Plan provides for the grant of
share options (including Incentive Stock Options and nonqualified stock options),
ordinary shares, restricted shares, restricted share units and other
share-based awards to employees, directors, officers, consultants, advisors and
any other persons or entities who provides services to the company or any
parent, subsidiary or affiliate thereof, subject to the terms and conditions of
the 2022 Plan. Options granted under the 2022 Plan to our employees who are
U.S. residents may qualify as Incentive Stock Options, or may be non-qualified
stock options. Grant
and Exercise. All awards granted
pursuant to the 2022 Plan will be evidenced by an award agreement in a form
approved, from time to time, by the administrator in its sole discretion.
Unless otherwise determined by the administrator and stated in the award
agreement, and subject to the conditions of the 2022 Plan, awards vest and
become exercisable under the following schedule: 25% of the shares covered by
the award, on the first anniversary of the vesting commencement date determined
by the administrator (and in the absence of such determination, the date on
which such award was granted), and 6.25% of the shares covered by the award at
the end of each subsequent three-month period thereafter over the course of the
following three years; provided that the grantee remains continuously as an
employee or provides services to the Company throughout such vesting dates. The
exercise period of an award will be ten years from the date of grant of the
award, unless otherwise determined by the administrator and stated in the award
agreement. Termination
of Employment. In the event of
termination of a grantee’s employment or service with the Company or any of its
affiliates (including by reason of death, disability or retirement), different
rules apply as to the length of time during which all vested and exercisable
awards held by such grantee as of the date of termination may be exercised
after such date of termination. In the case of termination due to death during
employment or service for the Company or any of its affiliates, or within the three
month period (or such longer period of time as determined by the Board, in its
discretion) after the date of termination, any outstanding awards shall
automatically vest (to the extent not yet vested). 117 Table of Contents Any
awards which are unvested as of the date of such termination (other than in the
case of death, as described above) or which are vested but not then exercised
within the applicable period following such date, will terminate and the shares
covered by such awards shall again be available for issuance under the 2022
Plan. Notwithstanding
any of the foregoing, if a grantee’s employment or services with us or any of
our affiliates is terminated for “cause” (as defined in the 2022 Plan), all
outstanding awards held by such grantee (whether vested or unvested) will
terminate on the date of such termination and the shares covered by such awards
shall again be available for issuance under the 2022 Plan. In the case of
termination for cause, any shares issued upon exercise or (if applicable)
vesting of awards, shall be deemed to be irrevocably offered for sale to us. Adjustments
due to Transactions. The 2022 Plan
provides for appropriate adjustments to be made to the plan and to outstanding
awards under the plan in the event of a share split, reverse share split, share
dividend, distribution, recapitalization, combination, reclassification of our
shares, consolidation, reorganization, extraordinary cash dividend or other
similar occurrences. In
the event of a sale of all, or substantially all, of our ordinary shares or
assets, a merger, consolidation amalgamation or similar transaction, or certain
changes in the composition of the board of directors, or liquidation or
dissolution, or such other transaction or circumstances that the Board
determines to be a relevant transaction, then without the consent of the
grantee, the administrator may make any determination as to the treatment of
outstanding awards. Amendment
and Termination. The Board may
suspend, terminate, modify or amend the 2022 Plan at any time; provided that no
termination or amendment of the 2022 Plan shall affect any then outstanding
award unless expressly provided by the board. Shareholder approval of any
amendment to the 2022 Plan will be obtained to the extent necessary to comply
with applicable law. The administrator at any time and from time to time may
modify or amend any award theretofore granted under the 2022 Plan, including
any award agreement, whether retroactively or prospectively. Limitation
on Option/Other Award Repricing. Consistent with our prior undertaking under the 2012 Plan to refrain
from repricing options under that plan (which we undertook prior to our 2018
annual general meeting of shareholders), the 2022 Plan, as well, generally does
not allow us to reprice options that we grant under the plan. In keeping with
the recommendation of institutional shareholder and proxy advisory groups,
however, the 2022 Plan does allow us to cancel an existing award and replace it
with another award (even with a lower exercise price) if the aggregate value of
the new award (as determined under the Black-Scholes methodology or other
valuation methodology chosen by the compensation committee) does not exceed
that of the award being canceled, subject to the approval of our shareholders.
That could be accomplished, for example, through the grant of a substitute
award for a lesser number of shares with a lower exercise price. Similarly, the
exercise price per share of an existing award may be reduced by the
compensation committee by the amount of a dividend that we declare on our
ordinary shares while the award is outstanding. That would enable a grantee to
benefit from a dividend that we declare and that all of our shareholders
receive. 118 Table of Contents By
adopting the 2022 Plan and reserving 1,296,494 newly authorized shares for
issuance under it (in addition to shares being carried over from the 2012 Plan,
which were previously approved by our shareholders), we believe that we will
have the flexibility to continue to provide equity incentives in amounts
determined appropriate by the compensation committee, our Board, and our
management, for an anticipated period of approximately one year. After that
time, we will request shareholder approval for further reservation of shares
under the 2022 Plan. We intend to file, soon after the filing of this annual
report, a registration statement on Form S-8 to register the issuance of
ordinary shares underlying options and RSUs granted or to be granted under the 2022 Plan. Employee
Share Purchase Plan Our Employee Share Purchase Plan, or ESPP, was
approved by our shareholders at our 2021 annual general meeting of
shareholders. The purpose of the ESPP is to enable eligible employees of the
Company and its subsidiaries to use payroll deductions to purchase our ordinary
shares and thereby acquire an ownership interest in the Company. The ESPP will
be comprised of two distinct components: (1) the component intended to qualify
for favorable U.S. federal tax treatment under Section 423 of the U.S. Internal
Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the “ Section 423 Component ”), and (2)
the component not intended to be tax qualified under Section 423 of the
Internal Revenue Code to facilitate participation for employees who are not
eligible to benefit from favorable U.S. federal tax treatment and, to the
extent applicable, to provide flexibility to comply with non-U.S. law and other
considerations (the “ Non Section 423 Component ”). The maximum aggregate number of ordinary shares
that may be purchased initially under the ESPP will be 5,200,000 shares (the “ ESPP
Share Pool ”), subject to adjustment as provided for in the ESPP. There is furthermore no "evergreen" provision our ESPP. Administration . Unless
otherwise determined by the Board, the ESPP will be administered by the
compensation committee, which will have the authority to interpret and
determine eligibility under the plan, prescribe forms, rules and procedures
relating to the plan, and otherwise do all things necessary or appropriate to carry
out the purposes of the plan. Shares Subject to the ESPP . As
noted above, the ESPP Share Pool initially consists of 5,200,000 ordinary
shares, subject to adjustment, as described below. Shares delivered upon
exercise of purchase rights under the ESPP may be either shares of authorized
but unissued share capital, treasury shares, or ordinary shares acquired in an
open-market transaction. In the event of certain changes in our outstanding
ordinary shares, including changes by reason of a share dividend, share split,
reverse share split, split-up, recapitalization, merger, consolidation,
reorganization, or other capital change, the aggregate number and type of
shares available for purchase under the ESPP, the number and type of shares
granted or purchasable during an offering period, and the purchase price per
share under an outstanding purchase right shall be equitably adjusted as
determined appropriate by the compensation committee. If any purchase right granted under the ESPP
expires or terminates for any reason without having been exercised in full or
ceases for any reason to be exercisable in whole or in part, the unpurchased
ordinary shares will again be available for purchase pursuant to offerings
under the ESPP. 119 Table of Contents Eligibility . Participation
in the Section 423 Component may be limited in the terms of any offering to
employees of the Company and any of its designated subsidiaries (a) who
customarily work 20 hours or more per week, (b) whose customary employment is
for more than five months per calendar year, and (c) who satisfy the
procedural enrollment and other requirements set forth in the ESPP. Under the
Section 423 Component, designated subsidiaries include any subsidiary (within
the meaning of Section 424(f) of the Internal Revenue Code (sometimes
referred to as the “ Code ”) of the Company that has been designated by
our Board or the compensation committee as eligible to participate in the plan
(and if an entity does not so qualify within the meaning of Section 424(f)
of the Code, it shall automatically be deemed to be a designated subsidiary in
the Non-Section 423 Component). In addition, with respect to the Non-Section
423 Component, designated subsidiaries may include any corporate or
non-corporate entity in which the Company has a direct or indirect equity
interest or significant business relationship. Under the Section 423 Component,
no employee may be granted a purchase right if, immediately after the purchase
right is granted, the employee would own (or, under applicable statutory attribution
rules, would be deemed to own) shares possessing 5% or more of the total
combined voting power or value of all classes of shares of the Company or any
of its subsidiaries. In addition, in order to facilitate participation in the
ESPP, the compensation committee may provide for such special terms applicable
to participants who are citizens or residents of a non-U.S. jurisdiction, or
who are employed by a designated subsidiary outside of the United States, as
the compensation committee may consider necessary or appropriate to accommodate
differences in local law, tax policy or custom. Further to that allowance, we
have filed an application with the Israeli Tax Authority for favorable
treatment under Section 102 of the Israeli Tax Ordinance for shares purchased
under the ESPP by employees who are Israeli residents. Except as permitted by
Section 423 of the Code, with respect to the Section 423 Component, such
special terms may not be more favorable than the terms of rights granted under
the Section 423 Component to eligible employees who are residents of the United
States. General Terms of Participation. Offering Periods . The ESPP allows eligible employees to purchase ordinary shares during certain offering periods, which may extend to up to 27 months. Our Board has approved an initial offering period of six months. Each offering period may be comprised of multiple purchase periods, all as may be determined by the compensation committee. The terms and conditions applicable to each offering period shall be set forth in an “Offering Document” adopted by the compensation committee, containing such terms and conditions as the compensation committee deems appropriate. The provisions of separate offerings or offering periods under the ESPP need not be identical. Method of Participation . Shares will be purchased under the ESPP on the last day of each purchase period, each a purchase date, using accumulated payroll deductions, unless the compensation committee provides otherwise with respect to the employees of a designated subsidiary in a manner consistent with Section 423 of the Code. In order to participate in the ESPP, an eligible employee must complete and submit to the administrator of the ESPP a payroll deduction and participant authorization form in accordance with procedures and prior to the deadlines prescribed by the administrator of the ESPP. Participation will be effective as of the first day of an offering period. Participants
may elect payroll deductions of up to 15% of the participant’s total eligible
earnings per payroll period within an offering period. A participant may
increase or decrease the percentage of compensation designated in his or her
subscription agreement, or may suspend his or her payroll deductions, at any
time during an offering period. However, the compensation committee may limit
the number of changes a participant may make to his or her payroll deduction
elections during each offering period (and in the absence of any specific
designation by the compensation committee, a participant shall be allowed to
decrease (but not increase) his or her payroll deduction elections one time
during each offering period). A participant may withdraw all but not less than
all of the payroll deductions credited to his or her account and not yet used
to exercise his or her rights under the ESPP at any time by giving written
notice to the Company in such form and timing acceptable to the Company. Upon
withdrawal, any amount withheld from a participant’s compensation will be
returned to the participant, without interest, as soon as administratively
practicable. 120 Table of Contents Grant and Exercise of Purchase Rights . On the first day of each offering period, each participant automatically will be granted a right to purchase ordinary shares on the last day of each purchase period, subject to the limitations set forth in the ESPP. On the last day of each purchase period, the payroll deductions accumulated by each participant during such purchase period will be applied automatically to the purchase of ordinary shares at the purchase price in effect for that purchase period. However, no participant may, on any purchase date, purchase more than such number of ordinary shares as the compensation committee may prescribe. In addition, no participant will be granted a purchase right under the Section 423 Component that would permit the participant’s right to purchase ordinary shares to accrue at a rate that exceeds $25,000 in fair market value for each calendar year, determined in accordance with Section 423 of the Internal Revenue Code. Purchase
Price . The
purchase price per share of our ordinary shares applicable to purchases during
each purchase period under the ESPP will be eighty-five percent (85%) (or
such greater percentage as the compensation committee may designate) of the
lower of (i) the fair market value per share of our ordinary shares on the
first day of the offering period or (ii) the fair market value per share
of our ordinary shares on the last date of the purchase period. Termination of Purchase Rights . Upon the termination of a participant’s employment with the Company or a designated subsidiary, or in the event the participant otherwise ceases to qualify as an eligible employee, any purchase right then held by the participant will be canceled. Payroll deductions accumulated by the participant during the offering period in which such purchase right terminates will be returned to the participant (or his or her designated beneficiary or legal representative), without interest, as soon as practicable thereafter, and the participant will have no further rights under the ESPP. Shareholder Rights . No participant will have any shareholder rights with respect to the ordinary shares covered by his or her purchase right until the shares are actually purchased on the participant’s behalf. No adjustment will be made for dividends, distributions or other rights for which the record date is prior to the date of such purchase. Transferability . Purchase rights granted to participants under the ESPP are not assignable or transferable, other than by will, or the applicable laws of descent and distribution, and may be exercised only by the participant during his or her lifetime. Amendment and Termination of the ESPP . Our Board has the right to amend the ESPP to any extent and in any manner it may deem advisable, provided approval of the Company’s shareholders shall be required to amend the ESPP to increase the aggregate number, or change the type, of shares that may be sold pursuant to rights under the ESPP (other than a permitted adjustments with respect to changes in the Company’s capitalization) or to change the corporations or classes of corporations whose employees may be granted rights under the ESPP. Our Board also has the right at any time to
terminate the ESPP. In connection with such a termination or suspension, each
participant’s accumulated payroll deductions will be returned to the
participant without interest, or the offering period may be shortened so that
the purchase of shares occurs prior to the termination of the ESPP. 121 Table of Contents Sub-Plans . The compensation committee may adopt sub-plans applicable to particular designated subsidiaries or locations, which sub-plans may be designed to be outside the scope of Section 423 of the Code. The rules of such sub-plans may take precedence over other provisions of the ESPP, other than with respect to the number of shares available for issuance under the ESPP, but unless otherwise superseded by the terms of such sub-plan, the provisions of the ESPP shall govern the operation of such sub-plan. Effective Date and Term . The ESPP became effective in November 2021, upon approval by our 2021 annual general meeting of shareholders. No purchase rights will be granted under the ESPP after the earliest to occur of the date on which all shares available for issuance under the ESPP have been issued or the termination of the ESPP by our company. Corporate Transactions . In the event of certain transactions or events such as a consolidation, merger or similar transaction, a sale or transfer of all or substantially all of the Company’s assets, or a dissolution or liquidation of the Company, the compensation committee may, in its discretion, provide that each outstanding purchase right will be assumed or substituted for a right granted by the acquirer or successor corporation or by a parent or subsidiary of such entity, will be cashed out, will be cancelled with accumulated payroll deductions returned to each participant, or that the offering period will end before the date of the proposed sale, merger or similar transaction. New Plan Benefits . Benefits and purchases of ordinary shares under the ESPP depend on elections made by employees and the fair market value of our ordinary shares on dates in the future. As a result, it is not possible to determine the benefits that will be received by executive officers and other employees in the future under the ESPP. As described above, no employee may purchase shares under the Section 423 Component at a rate that exceeds $25,000 in fair market value in any calendar year. The
following table presents certain share data information for the above-described
share incentive and employee share purchase plans as at December 31, 2022: Plan | Total Ordinary Shares Reserved for Grant/Purchase | Aggregate Number of Awards Granted/Purchased out of Reserved, Net of Cancellations | Shares Available for Future Grants/Purchases | Aggregate Number of Awards/Shares Outstanding | Weighted Average Exercise Price of Outstanding Options
2012 Plan | 10,000,000 | 9,041,427 | 958,573 | 4,337,657 | $27.62
2022 Plan | 1,296,494 | 353,170 | 943,324 | 339,125 | $13.46
Employee Share Purchase Plan | 5,200,000 | 249,750 | 4,950,250 | 249,750 122 Table of Contents ITEM 7. MAJOR SHAREHOLDERS AND RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS. A. Major Shareholders Ownership by Major Shareholders The following table presents the beneficial ownership of our ordinary shares by each person who is known by us to be the beneficial owner of 5% or more of our outstanding ordinary shares (to whom we refer as our major shareholders), based on the most recent beneficial ownership reports filed with the SEC by such persons on or before February 14, 2023. The data presented is based on information provided to us, or disclosed in public filings with the SEC, by the major shareholders. Beneficial ownership of
shares is determined under rules of the SEC and generally includes any shares
for which a person exercises sole or shared voting or investment power, or for
which a person has or shares the right to receive the economic benefit of ownership
of the shares. To the extent applicable, the table below also includes as beneficially owned by any major shareholder shares underlying options, warrants or other convertible securities that are exercisable or convertible within 60 days after February 14, 2023. Shares issuable
upon the exercise or conversion of such convertible securities are deemed to be outstanding for the purpose
of computing the ownership percentage of the person, entity or group holding
such securities, but are not deemed to be outstanding for the purpose of computing
the ownership percentage of any other person, entity or group. The ownership
percentages reflected below are based on 67,420,973 ordinary shares outstanding as of February
14, 2023. Except where otherwise indicated, and except pursuant to community property laws, we believe, based on information furnished by such owners, that the beneficial owners of the shares listed below have sole investment and voting power with respect to, and the sole right to receive the economic benefit of ownership of, such shares. The shareholders listed below do not have any different voting rights from any of our other shareholders. We know of no arrangements that would, at a subsequent date, result in a change of control of our company. Beneficial Owner | Ordinary Shares | Percentage Ownership
Nano Dimension Ltd | 8,049, 186(1) | 12.1 | %
Phoenix Holdings Ltd . | 3,978,945 (2) | 5.9 | % (1) | Represents shares beneficially owned as of July 17, 2022, as indicated in a statement of beneficial ownership on Schedule 13G filed by Nano Dimension Ltd. on July 18, 2022. As indicated in that statement, Nano Dimension Ltd. possesses sole voting and investment power with respect to all such 8,049,186 ordinary shares beneficially owned by it.
(2) | Represents shares beneficially owned as of June 30, 2022, as indicated in the report of institutional investment manager on Form 13F filed by this shareholder on behalf of itself and Nikko Asset Management Americas, Inc. on July 26, 2022. The shares held by Sumitomo Mitsui Trust Holdings Inc. may be deemed to be beneficially owned by its subsidiaries (i)Nikko Asset Management Co., Ltd. and (ii)Nikko Asset Management Americas, Inc. Based on information available to us, we believe that the actual number of ordinary shares held by this shareholder is currently lower than the amount included in that report on Form 13F. 123 Table of Contents Changes in Percentage Ownership by Major Shareholders During 2020, the ownership of our ordinary shares by
our former largest
shareholder, ARK Investment Management LLC, increased to 21.9%. In 2021, that
ownership percentage decreased, to 11.7%. In 2022, that ownership percentage decreased to 2.6%. Nano Dimension Ltd. filed its initial Schedule 13G on
July 18, 2022, disclosing an ownership of 8,049,186 ordinary shares, making it
one of our major
shareholders. During 2020 and 2021, the ownership of our
ordinary shares by PRIMECAP Management Company, one of our former major shareholders, decreased to 8.6% and 5.8%, respectively. In 2022, its ownership further declined to 4.8%. In 2020, the ownership of our
ordinary shares by Sumitomo Mitsui Trust Holdings, Inc ., one of our former major shareholders, decreased from 10.7% to 7.3%, and in 2021 it further decreased to 6.9%. For
2022, its percentage ownership declined
to 2.5%. As of the end of 2022, a new significant
shareholder, Phoenix Holdings Ltd., reported that together with its
subsidiaries, it had acquired a 5.9% ownership stake in the Company. Record Holders Based upon a review of the information provided to us
by our transfer agent, as of February 14, 2023, there were 84 holders of record of our shares, of which 58 record holders holding approximately 99.99% of our outstanding ordinary shares,
had registered addresses in the United States. These numbers are not
representative of the number of beneficial holders of our shares nor is it
representative of where such beneficial holders reside, since many of these
shares were held of record by brokers or other nominees. As of the said date,
CEDE & Co, the nominee company of the Depository Trust Company (with a
registered address in the United States), held of record approximately 99.3% of
our outstanding ordinary shares on behalf of hundreds of firms of brokers and
banks in the United States, who in turn held such shares on behalf of several
thousand clients and customers. B. Related Party Transactions. Except as described below or elsewhere in this annual report, since January 1, 202 2 , we have had no transaction or loan, nor do we have any presently proposed transaction or loan, involving any related party described in Item 7.B of Form 20-F promulgated by the SEC. Indemnification Agreements Our amended articles permit us to exculpate, indemnify and insure each of our directors and office holders to the fullest extent permitted by the Companies Law. Effective upon the effective time of the Stratasys, Inc.- Objet Ltd. merger, we entered into indemnification agreements with each of our then-current directors and other office holders, under which we undertook to indemnify them to the fullest extent permitted by Israeli law, including with respect to liabilities resulting from the merger to the extent that these liabilities are not covered by insurance. We have entered into similar indemnification agreements with all directors and other office holders who have served as such since the Stratasys, Inc.- Objet Ltd. merger. We also put into place Directors and Officers liability insurance for each of our directors and other office holders upon the effectiveness of the Stratasys, Inc.-Objet Ltd. merger, and have renewed that policy as necessary to maintain continuous coverage since the merger. 124 Table of Contents Employment and Consulting Agreements with Directors and Executive Officers Employment agreement with our Chief Executive Officer In conjunction with his appointment as our chief executive officer, or CEO, Yoav Zeif is party to an employment agreement with us, effective as of February 18, 2020. Under the agreement, Mr. Zeif serves as our full-time CEO for an indefinite period (subject to the termination provisions referenced further below) and receives, in respect thereof, a monthly salary of NIS 175,000 (approximately $50,140, based on the current NIS-dollar exchange ratio). Mr. Zeif may be entitled to an annual cash bonus within a range of 50% to 150% of his annual base salary, as to be determined by our board of directors (following requisite approval from the compensation committee thereof) based on achievement of company-related goals (and subject to the achievement of threshold level goals for the receipt of a minimum bonus). In addition to cash compensation, Mr. Zeif receives annual grants of RSUs. For his initial year of employment, he will receive RSUs that are equal in value to $800,000 (subject to a cap of 55,000 RSUs). In subsequent years, Mr. Zeif will be entitled to grants of RSUs equal in value to $1.2 million or $800,000, depending on whether the average closing Stratasys share price for the 30-day period prior to the grant date is $20 or above, or below $20, respectively, and in the latter case, the number of RSUs to be granted to Mr. Zeif will be capped at 55,000. Two-thirds of the RSUs that are granted for any such year (whether initial or subsequent) will be subject to a four-year vesting schedule (commencing on the one-year anniversary of the relevant grant date, followed by 12 equal quarterly vesting periods thereafter). The vesting of the remaining one-third of the RSUs granted in any such year will be conditioned on the satisfaction of performance-based metrics that will be determined by our board of directors and that will cover not more than four calendar years. 125 Table of Contents Besides annual equity compensation, Mr. Zeif received, within the first 14 days of his employment, a one-time, special upside grant of options to purchase 300,000 ordinary shares, with an exercise price that will equal the average of the Stratasys closing share price for the 30 days following his commencement of employment. These special upside options will vest and become exercisable in two groups of 150,000 options each, in accordance with the schedule described in the following sentence, if the average closing Stratasys share price reaches two respective levels— $10 or $20 above the 30-day average closing price prior to his commencement of employment— for a consecutive six-month period following the commencement of his employment. If and when the relevant closing price level is met for the requisite consecutive six-month period, the relevant 150,000 options will vest in equal installments of 18,750 each over the next eight consecutive quarters, assuming continued employment. Any options granted pursuant to the special upside grant that are not yet vested will be subject to accelerated vesting in the event that Mr. Zeif’s employment is terminated or he resigns for good reason in connection with, or within 12 months following, a change of control transaction for which the value of our company (or our assets, if applicable) reflected in the transaction as of its closing date exceeds the respective price level that initially triggers vesting. Under the employment agreement, Mr. Zeif is entitled to customary additional benefits, including a pension arrangement, disability insurance and severance pay contributions by us, study fund contributions by us, use of a car, annual vacation, sick leave and reimbursement for business-related, reasonably-necessary travel, lodging and related expenses. In the event of termination of Mr. Zeif’s employment by our company (other than for cause, or due to Mr. Zeif’s violation of his below-described undertakings) or by Mr. Zeif for good reason, Mr. Zeif will be entitled to an “adjustment” payment equal to six months’ base salary, in addition to a three-month (in the first year of employment) or six-month (at any time thereafter) notice period (other than in a case of termination for cause, when that notice is not required). In connection with his execution of the employment agreement, Mr. Zeif has agreed to certain customary undertakings in favor of our company that cover confidentiality, non-competition, non-solicitation and assignment of inventions. In order to induce Mr. Zeif to accept our employment offer and in connection with his relocation from the United States to the our principal executive offices in Israel related to his hiring, we paid him a signing/relocation bonus of $300,000, of which $100,000 will be repayable if his employment is terminated by us for cause or he resigns other than for good reason during his first 12 months of employment. Employment agreement with our Chief Financial
Officer In conjunction with his appointment as our
chief financial officer, or CFO, effective as of March
1, 2022, Eitan Zamir is party to an employment agreement with us. Under the agreement, Mr. Zamir serves as our full-time CFO
for an indefinite period (subject to the termination provisions under the
agreement). The agreement provides for
notice periods of varying duration for termination of the agreement by us or by
Mr. Zamir, during which time he will continue to receive base salary and
benefits (except for the accrual of vacation days). The agreement also contain
customary provisions regarding non-competition, confidentiality of information
and assignment of inventions. However, the enforceability of the
non-competition provisions may be limited under applicable law. C. Interests of Experts and Counsel. Not required. ITEM 8. FINANCIAL INFORMATION. A. Consolidated Statements and Other Financial Information. The consolidated financial statements and other financial information for our company required by SEC are included in this annual report beginning on page F-1. Export Sales The following table presents total export sales by Stratasys, Ltd for each of the fiscal years indicated (in thousands): 2022 | 2021 | 2020
Total Export Sales* | $ | 226,767 | $ | 211,899 | $ | 170,944
as a percentage of Total Sales | 34.8 | % | 34.9 | % | 32.8 | % * | Export sales, as presented, are defined as sales to customers located outside of North America and Israel (where our dual headquarters are located). 126 Table of Contents Legal Proceedings We are a party to various legal proceedings incident to our business. Based upon the status of such cases, as determined with the advice of counsel, we have recorded provisions in our financial statements for amounts (if any) judged to be both quantifiable and probable to be paid. Except as noted below, there are no legal proceedings pending or threatened against us that we believe may have a significant effect on our financial condition, profitability and cash flows. Dividend Policy We have never paid cash dividends on our ordinary shares and do not anticipate that we will pay any cash dividends on our ordinary shares in the foreseeable future. We intend to retain our earnings to finance the development of our business. Any future dividend policy will be determined by our board of directors based upon conditions then existing, including our earnings, financial condition, tax position and capital requirements, as well as such economic and other conditions as our board of directors may deem relevant. Pursuant to our articles of association, dividends may be declared by our board of directors. Dividends must be paid out of our profits and other surplus funds, as defined in the Companies Law, as of the end of the most recent year or as accrued over a period of the most recent two years, whichever amount is greater, provided that there is no reasonable concern that payment of a dividend will prevent us from satisfying our existing and foreseeable obligations as they become due. In addition, because we have received certain benefits under Israeli law relating to Approved Enterprises and Beneficiary Enterprises, our payment of dividends (out of tax-exempt income) may subject us to certain Israeli taxes to which we would not otherwise be subject. We are also restricted under our credit agreement with Bank of America from paying dividends. Please see the risk factors captioned “We do not anticipate paying any cash dividends in the foreseeable future. Therefore, if our share price does not appreciate, our shareholders may not recognize a return, and could potentially suffer a loss, on their investment in our ordinary shares,” and “Even if we decide to pay dividends on our ordinary shares, we may be restricted from doing so or payment of such dividends may have adverse consequences for our company” in Item 3.D “Risk Factors-Risks related to an investment in our ordinary shares” above. For a discussion of the applicable rates of withholding tax on dividends paid out of income derived from an Approved Enterprise or a Beneficiary Enterprise, see “Israeli Tax Considerations and Government Programs - The Law for the Encouragement of Capital Investments” in Item 4.B above. B. Significant Changes. Other than as otherwise described in this annual report, no significant change has occurred in our operations since the date of our consolidated financial statements included in this annual report. 127 Table of Contents ITEM 9. THE OFFER AND LISTING. A. Listing Details and C. Market. Since December 3, 2012 (the first trading day after the effective time of the Stratasys, Inc.- Objet Ltd. merger), our ordinary shares have traded (and, prior to that time, Stratasys, Inc. common stock was traded) on the Nasdaq Global Select Market under the trading symbol “SSYS.” Our ordinary shares, par value NIS 0.01 per share, are registered on the books of our transfer agent, Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company. There are no transfer restrictions apart from the requirement that any transfers comply with applicable securities laws and the rules of the Nasdaq Stock Market or any other securities exchange on which our ordinary shares may be listed in the future. ITEM 10. ADDITIONAL INFORMATION. A. Share Capital. Not applicable B. Articles of Association. The
information called for by this Item 10.B of Form 20-F has been provided in
Exhibit 2.2 to this annual report. The content of Exhibit 2.2 is incorporated
by reference herein. 128 Table of Contents C. Material Contracts. We have not entered into any material contract within the two years prior to the date of this annual report, other than contracts entered into in the ordinary course of business, or as otherwise described herein in Item 4.A-“History and Development of the Company”, Item 4.B-“Business Overview”, Item 5.B-“Operating and Financial Review and Prospects—Liquidity and Capital Resources”, Item 6.C-“Board Practices-Director Service Contracts” and Item 7.B-“Related Party Transactions”. D. Exchange Controls. There are currently no Israeli currency control restrictions on payments of dividends or other distributions with respect to our ordinary shares or the proceeds from the sale of ordinary shares, except for the obligation of Israeli residents to file reports with the Bank of Israel regarding certain transactions. However, legislation remains in effect pursuant to which currency controls can be imposed by administrative action at any time. The ownership or voting of our ordinary shares by non-residents of Israel, except with respect to citizens of countries that are in a state of war with Israel, is not restricted in any way by our memorandum of association or amended articles or by the laws of the State of Israel. E. Taxation. The following is a short summary of certain provisions of the tax environment to which shareholders may be subject. This summary is based on the current provisions of tax law. To the extent that the discussion is based on new tax legislation that has not been subject to judicial or administrative interpretation, we cannot assure you that the views expressed in the discussion will be accepted by the appropriate tax authorities or the courts. The summary does not address all of the tax consequences that may be relevant to all purchasers of our ordinary shares in light of each purchaser’s particular circumstances and specific tax treatment. For example, the summary below does not address the tax treatment of residents of Israel and traders in securities who are subject to specific tax regimes. As individual circumstances may differ, holders of our ordinary shares should consult their own tax adviser as to the United States, Israeli or other tax consequences of the purchase, ownership and disposition of ordinary shares. The following is not intended, and should not be construed, as legal or professional tax advice and is not exhaustive of all possible tax considerations. Each individual should consult his or her own tax or legal adviser. Israeli Taxation Considerations Israeli law generally imposes a capital gains tax on the sale of any capital assets by residents of Israel, as defined for Israeli tax purposes, and on the sale of assets located in Israel, including shares of Israeli companies, by both residents and non-residents of Israel unless a specific exemption is available or unless a tax treaty between Israel and the seller’s country of residence provides otherwise. The Tax Ordinance distinguishes between “Real Capital Gain” and “Inflationary Surplus”. The Inflationary Surplus is a portion of the total capital gain which is equivalent to the increase of the relevant asset’s purchase price which is attributable to the increase in the Israeli consumer price index or, in certain circumstances, a foreign currency exchange rate, between the date of purchase and the date of sale. The Real Capital Gain is the excess of the total capital gain over the Inflationary Surplus. 129 Table of Contents Israeli resident individuals Capital Gain As of January 1, 2006, the tax rate applicable to Real Capital Gain derived by Israeli individuals from the sale of shares which had been purchased on or after January 1, 2003, whether or not listed on a stock exchange, is 20%, unless such shareholder claims a deduction for interest and linkage differences expenses in connection with the purchase and holding of such shares, in which case the gain will generally be taxed at a rate of 25%. Additionally, if such shareholder is considered a “Significant Shareholder” ( i.e., a person who holds, directly or indirectly, alone or together with another person who collaborates with such person on a permanent basis, 10% or more of any of the company’s “means of control” (including, among other things, the right to receive profits of the company, voting rights, the right to receive the company’s liquidation proceeds and the right to appoint a director)) at the time of sale or at any time during the preceding 12-month period, such gain will be taxed at the rate of 25%. Individual shareholders dealing in securities in Israel are taxed at their marginal tax rates applicable to business income (up to 47% in 2022, in addition to excess tax, if any, as described below) unless the benefiting provisions of an applicable treaty applies. Notwithstanding the foregoing, pursuant to the Law for Change in the Tax Burden (Legislative Amendments) (Taxes), 2011, the capital gain tax rate applicable to individuals was raised from 20% to 25% from 2012 and onwards (or from 25% to 30% if the selling individual shareholder is a Significant Shareholder at any time during the 12-month period preceding the sale and\or claims a deduction for interest and linkage differences expenses in connection with the purchase and holding of such shares). With respect to assets (not shares that are listed on a stock exchange) purchased on or after January 1, 2003, the portion of the gain generated from the date of acquisition until December 31, 2011 will be subject to the previous capital gains tax rates (20% or 25%) and the portion of the gain generated from January 1, 2012 until the date of sale will be subject to the new tax rates (25% or 30%). Dividend Income Israeli residents who are individuals are generally subject to Israeli income tax for dividends paid on our ordinary shares (other than bonus shares or share dividends) at 25%, or 30% if the recipient of such dividend is a Significant Shareholder, at the time of distribution or at any time during the preceding 12-month period. However, dividends distributed from taxable income allocated and accrued during the benefits period of an Approved Enterprise or Beneficiary Enterprise are subject to withholding tax at the rate of 15% (and 20% with respect to Preferred Enterprise , Special
Preferred Enterprise, Preferred Technology Enterprise and Special Preferred
Technology Enterprise ) , if the dividend is distributed during the tax benefits period under the Investment Law or within 12 years after such period except with respect to an FIC, in which case the 12-year limit does not apply. An average rate will be set in case the dividend is distributed from mixed types of income (regular and Approved/ Beneficiary/ Preferred income). Israeli resident corporations Capital Gain Under current Israeli tax legislation, the tax rate applicable to Real Capital Gain derived by Israeli resident corporations from the sale of shares of an Israeli company is the general corporate tax rate. As described in “Israeli Tax Considerations and Government Programs-General Corporate Tax Structure” in Item 4.B above, the corporate tax rate was 24% in 2017, and is 23% since 2018. Dividend Income Generally, Israeli resident corporations are exempt from Israeli corporate tax on the receipt of dividends paid on shares of Israeli resident corporations. However, dividends distributed from taxable income accrued during the benefits period of an Approved Enterprise or Beneficiary Enterprise are subject to withholding tax at the rate of 15%, if the dividend is distributed during the tax benefits period under the Investment Law or within 12 years after that period, except with respect to a FIC, in which case the 12-year limit does not apply. 130 Table of Contents Non-Israeli Residents Capital Gain Israeli capital gains tax is imposed on the disposal of capital assets by a non-Israeli resident if such assets are either (i) located in Israel; (ii) shares or rights to shares in an Israeli resident company, or (iii) represent, directly or indirectly, rights to assets located in Israel, unless a tax treaty between Israel and the seller’s country of residence provides otherwise. As mentioned above, Real Capital Gain is generally subject to tax at the corporate tax rate (24% in 2017 and 23% since 2018), if generated by a company, or at the rate of 25% (for any asset other than shares that are listed on a stock exchange - 20% with respect to the portion of the gain generated up to December 31, 2011) or 30% (for any asset other than shares that are listed on a stock exchange - 25% with respect to the portion of the gain generated up to December 31, 2011), if generated by an individual who is Significant Shareholder at the time of sale or at any time during the preceding 12-month period (or claims a deduction for interest and linkage differences expenses in connection with the purchase and holding of such shares) from the sale of assets purchased on or after January 1, 2003. Individual and corporate shareholders dealing in securities in Israel are taxed at the tax rates applicable to business income (a corporate tax rate for a corporation and a marginal tax rate of up to 5 0% for an individual in 2022) unless contrary provisions in a relevant tax treaty applies. Notwithstanding the foregoing, shareholders who are non-Israeli residents (individuals and corporations) should generally exempt from Israeli capital gains tax on any gains derived from the sale, exchange or disposition of shares publicly traded on the Tel Aviv Stock Exchange or on a recognized stock exchange outside of Israel, provided, among other things, that (i) such gains are not generated through a permanent establishment that the non-Israeli resident maintains in Israel; (ii) the shares were purchased after being listed on a recognized stock exchange and (iii) with respect to shares listed on a recognized stock exchange outside of Israel, such shareholders are not subject to the Israeli Income Tax Law (Inflationary Adjustments) 5745-1985. However, non-Israeli corporations will not be entitled to the foregoing exemptions if Israeli residents (a) have a controlling interest of more than 25% in such non-Israeli corporation, or (b) are the beneficiaries of or are entitled to 25% or more of the revenues or profits of such non-Israeli corporation, whether directly or indirectly. Such exemption is not applicable to a person whose gains from selling or otherwise disposing of the shares are deemed to be business income. In addition, a sale of shares may be exempt from Israeli capital gains tax under the provisions of an applicable tax treaty. For example, under the U.S.-Israel Tax Treaty, to which we refer as the U.S.-Israel Treaty, the sale, exchange or disposition of shares of an Israeli company by a shareholder who is a U.S. resident (for purposes of the U.S.-Israel Treaty) holding the shares as a capital asset is exempt from Israeli capital gains tax unless either (i) the shareholder holds, directly or indirectly, shares representing 10% or more of the voting rights during any part of the 12-month period preceding such sale, exchange or disposition, (ii) the shareholder, if an individual, has been present in Israel for a period or periods of 183 days or more in the aggregate during the applicable taxable year, (iii) the capital gains arising from such sale are attributable to a permanent establishment of the shareholder which is maintained in Israel, (iv) the capital gain arising from such sale, exchange or disposition is attributed to real estate located in Israel, or (v) the capital gains arising from such sale, exchange or disposition is attributed to royalties on copyright or film. In any such case, the sale, exchange or disposition of such shares would be subject to Israeli tax, to the extent applicable; however, under the U.S.-Israel Treaty, a U.S. resident would be permitted to claim a credit for the Israeli tax against the U.S. federal income tax imposed with respect to the sale, exchange or disposition, subject to the limitations in U.S. laws applicable to foreign tax credits. The U.S.-Israel Treaty does not provide such credit against any U.S. state or local taxes. In some instances where our shareholders may be liable for Israeli tax on the sale of their Ordinary Shares, the payment of the consideration may be subject to the withholding of Israeli tax at source. Shareholders may be required to demonstrate that they are exempt from tax on their capital gains in order to avoid withholding at source at the time of sale. Specifically, in transactions involving a sale of all of the shares of an Israeli resident company, in the form of a merger or otherwise, the Israel Tax Authority may require from shareholders who are not liable for Israeli tax to sign declarations in forms specified by this authority or obtain a specific exemption from the Israel Tax Authority to confirm their status as non-Israeli resident, and, in the absence of such declarations or exemptions, may require the purchaser of the shares to withhold taxes at source. 131 Table of Contents Dividend Income Non-Israeli residents (whether individuals
or corporations) are generally subject to Israeli income tax on the receipt of
dividends paid on ordinary shares at the rate of 25% or 30% (if the dividend
recipient is a Significant Shareholder at the time of distribution or at any
time during the preceding 12-month period ), 15% if the dividend is distributed
from income attributed to our Approved Enterprise or Beneficiary Enterprise
(and 20% with respect to Preferred Enterprise or 4% with
respect to Preferred Technology Enterprise and Special Preferred Technology
Enterprise if certain conditions are met). Such dividends are generally subject to Israeli withholding tax at a rate of
25% so long as the shares are registered with a nominee company (whether the
recipient is a Significant Shareholder or not) and 15% if the dividend is
distributed from income attributed to an Approved Enterprise or a Beneficiary
Enterprise (and 20% if the dividend is distributed from income attributed to a
Preferred Enterprise or 4% with respect to Preferred Technology
Enterprise and Special Preferred Technology Enterprise if certain conditions are met ), unless a reduced rate is provided under an applicable
tax treaty (subject to the receipt in advance of a valid certificate from the
Israel Tax Authority allowing for a reduced tax rate). For example, under the
U.S.-Israel Treaty, the maximum rate of tax withheld at source in Israel on
dividends paid to a holder of our ordinary shares who is a U.S. resident (for
purposes of the U.S.-Israel Treaty) is 25%. However, generally, the maximum
rate of withholding tax on dividends, not generated by our Approved Enterprise
or Beneficiary Enterprise, that are paid to a U.S. corporation holding at least
10% or more of our outstanding voting capital from the start of the tax year
preceding the distribution of the dividend through (and including) the
distribution of the dividend, is 12.5%, provided that no more than 25% of our
gross income for such preceding year consists of certain types of dividends and
interest. Notwithstanding the foregoing, dividends distributed from income
attributed to an Approved Enterprise or Beneficiary Enterprise are subject to a
withholding tax rate of 15% for such U.S. corporation shareholder, provided
that the condition related to our gross income for the previous year (as set
forth in the previous sentence) is met. The aforementioned rates will not apply
if the dividend income was generated through a permanent establishment of the
U.S. resident that is maintained in Israel. If the dividend is attributable
partly to income derived from an Approved Enterprise, a Beneficiary Enterprise
or Preferred Enterprise, and partly to other sources of income, the withholding
rate will be a blended rate reflecting the relative portions of the two types
of income. U.S. residents who are subject to Israeli withholding tax on a
dividend may be entitled to a credit or deduction for United States federal
income tax purposes in the amount of the taxes withheld, subject to detailed
rules contained in the Code. A non-Israeli resident who receives dividends from which tax was withheld is generally exempt from the obligation to file tax returns in Israel with respect to such income, provided that (i) such income was not generated from business conducted in Israel by the taxpayer, (ii) the taxpayer has no other taxable sources of income in Israel with respect to which a tax return is required to be filed, and (iii) the taxpayer is not obligated to pay excess tax (as further explained below). Excess Tax Individuals who are subject to tax in Israel (whether any such individual is an Israeli resident or non-Israeli resident) are also subject to an additional tax at a rate of 3% on annual income exceeding NIS 647,640 for 2022, which amount is linked to the annual change in the Israeli consumer price index, including, but not limited to, dividends, interest and capital gain. U.S. Federal Income Tax Considerations Subject to the limitations described in the following paragraphs, the discussion below describes the material U.S. federal income tax consequences to a beneficial owner of our ordinary shares, referred to in this discussion as a U.S. holder that is: • an individual who is a citizen or resident of the United States for U.S. federal income tax purposes; • a corporation (or other entity treated as a corporation for U.S. federal income tax purposes) created or organized in the United States or under the laws of the United States or of any state or the District of Columbia; • an estate, the income of which is includible in gross income for U.S. federal income tax purposes regardless of its source; or • a trust, if a court within the United States is able to exercise primary supervision over the administration of the trust and one or more United States persons have the authority to control all substantial decisions of the trust, or the trust has a valid election in effect under applicable Treasury regulations to be treated as a United States person. 132 Table of Contents This summary is not a comprehensive description of all of the tax considerations that may be relevant to each person’s decision to purchase, hold or dispose of ordinary shares. This summary considers only U.S. holders that hold ordinary shares as capital assets. This discussion is based on current provisions of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, to which we refer as the Code, current and proposed Treasury regulations, and administrative and judicial decisions as of the date of this annual report, all of which are subject to change, possibly on a retroactive basis. This discussion does not address all aspects of U.S. federal income taxation that may be relevant to any particular shareholder based on the shareholder’s individual circumstances. In particular, this discussion does not address the potential application of the alternative minimum tax or the U.S. federal income tax consequences to U.S. holders that are subject to special treatment, including U.S. holders that: • are broker dealers or insurance companies; • have elected mark-to-market accounting; • are tax-exempt organizations; • are financial institutions or financial services entities; • are partnerships or other entities treated as partnerships for U.S. federal income tax purposes or partners thereof or members therein; • hold ordinary shares as part of a straddle, hedge, conversion or other integrated transaction with other investments; • own directly, indirectly or by attribution at least 10% of our voting power; or • have a functional currency that is not the U.S. dollar. In addition, this discussion does not address any aspect of state, local or non-U.S. tax laws, or the possible application of the U.S. federal estate or gift tax or any state inheritance, estate or gift tax. Material aspects of U.S. federal income tax law relevant to a holder other than a U.S. holder, referred to in this discussion as a non-U.S. holder, are also discussed below. Each prospective investor is advised to consult his or her own tax adviser for the specific tax consequences to that investor of purchasing, holding or disposing of our ordinary shares. Taxation of Dividends Paid on Ordinary Shares Subject to the discussion below under “Tax Consequences if We Are a Passive Foreign Investment Company,” a U.S. holder will be required to include in gross income as ordinary income the gross amount of any distribution paid on ordinary shares, including any Israeli taxes withheld from the amount paid, on the date the distribution is actually or constructively received, to the extent the distribution is paid out of our current or accumulated earnings and profits as determined for U.S. federal income tax purposes.” In addition, under the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, higher income taxpayers must pay an additional 3.8 percent tax on net investment income to the extent certain threshold amounts of income are exceeded. See “Tax on Net Investment Income” in this Item below. 133 Table of Contents Dividends that are received by U.S. holders that are individuals, estates or trusts generally will be taxed at the rate applicable to long-term capital gains (a maximum rate of 15% or 20%, in case of taxpayers with annual taxable income which exceeds certain thresholds), provided those dividends meet the requirements of “qualified dividend income.” Dividends that fail to meet these requirements, and dividends taxable to corporate U.S. holders, are taxed at ordinary income rates. No dividend received by a U.S. holder will be a qualified dividend (1) if the U.S. holder held the ordinary share with respect to which the dividend was paid for less than 61 days during the 121-day period beginning on the date that is 60 days before the ex-dividend date with respect to the dividend, excluding for this purpose, under the rules of Code Section 246(c), any period during which the U.S. holder has an option to sell, is under a contractual obligation to sell, has made and not closed a short sale of, is the grantor of a deep-in-the-money or otherwise nonqualified option to buy, or has otherwise diminished its risk of loss by holding other positions with respect to, the ordinary share (or substantially identical securities); or (2) to the extent that the U.S. holder is under an obligation (pursuant to a short sale or otherwise) to make related payments with respect to positions in property substantially similar or related to the ordinary share with respect to which the dividend is paid. If we were to be a “passive foreign investment company” (as that term is defined in the Code) for any year, dividends paid on our ordinary shares in that year or in the year following that year would not be qualified dividends. In addition, a non-corporate U.S. holder will be able to take a qualified dividend into account in determining its deductible investment interest (which is generally limited to its net investment income) only if it elects to do so, in which case the dividend will be taxed at ordinary income rates. Corporate holders will not be allowed a deduction for dividends received in respect of our ordinary shares. Dividends on our ordinary shares will be foreign source passive income (or in some cases, general category income) for U.S. foreign tax credit purposes. Distributions in excess of earnings and profits will be applied against and will reduce, on a share-by-share basis, the U.S. holder’s basis in the ordinary shares and, to the extent in excess of that basis, will be treated as gain from the sale or exchange of ordinary shares. The amount of a distribution paid to a U.S. holder in a foreign currency will be the U.S. dollar value of the foreign currency calculated by reference to the spot exchange rate on the day the U.S. holder receives the distribution. A U.S. holder that receives a foreign currency distribution and converts the foreign currency into U.S. dollars after receipt will have foreign exchange gain or loss based on any appreciation or depreciation in the value of the foreign currency against the U.S. dollar, which will generally be U.S. source ordinary income or loss. U.S. holders will have the option of claiming the amount of any Israeli income taxes withheld at source either as a deduction from gross income or as a dollar-for-dollar credit against their U.S. federal income tax liability. Individuals who do not claim itemized deductions, but instead utilize the standard deduction, may not claim a deduction for the amount of the Israeli income taxes withheld, but the amount may be claimed as a credit against the individual’s U.S. federal income tax liability. The amount of foreign income taxes that may be claimed as a credit in any year is generally subject to complex limitations and restrictions, which must be determined on an individual basis by each shareholder. Those limitations include the provisions described in the following paragraphs, as well as rules that limit foreign tax credits allowable for a class of income to the U.S. federal income taxes otherwise payable on the net income in that class. A U.S. holder will be denied a foreign tax credit for Israeli income tax withheld from dividends received on our ordinary shares: • if the U.S. holder has not held the ordinary shares for at least 16 days of the 30-day period beginning on the date that is 15 days before the ex-dividend date; or • to the extent that the U.S. holder is under an obligation to make related payments on substantially similar or related property. Any days during which a U.S. holder has substantially diminished its risk of loss on the ordinary shares are not counted toward meeting the 16-day holding period required by the statute. A foreign tax credit for the Israeli tax can be deferred if the U.S. holder enters into certain types of arrangements to defer inclusion of the related dividend in income for tax purposes. 134 Table of Contents Taxation of the Disposition of Ordinary Shares Subject to the discussion below under “Tax Consequences if We Are a Passive Foreign Investment Company,” upon the sale, exchange or other taxable disposition of our ordinary shares, a U.S. holder will recognize capital gain or loss in an amount equal to the difference between the U.S. holder’s basis in the ordinary shares, which is usually the cost to the U.S. holder of the shares, and the amount realized on the disposition. Capital gain from the sale, exchange or other disposition of ordinary shares held more than one year is long-term capital gain and is eligible for a reduced rate of taxation in the case of non-corporate taxpayers. Gain or loss recognized by a U.S. holder on the sale, exchange or other disposition of ordinary shares generally will be treated as U.S. source income or loss for U.S. foreign tax credit purposes. The deductibility of capital losses is subject to limitations. A U.S. holder that uses the cash method of accounting calculates the U.S. dollar value of foreign currency proceeds received on a sale as of the date on which the U.S. holder receives the foreign currency. However, a U.S. holder that uses an accrual method of accounting is required to calculate the value of the proceeds of the sale as of the date of sale and may therefore realize foreign currency gain or loss on a subsequent disposition of the foreign currency based on any subsequent appreciation or depreciation in the value of the foreign currency against the U.S. dollar. That gain or loss will generally be U.S. source ordinary income or loss. Tax Consequences if We Are a Passive Foreign Investment Company We will be a passive foreign investment company, to which we refer as a PFIC, if 75% or more of our gross income in a taxable year, including our pro rata share of the gross income of any corporation in which we are considered to own 25% or more of the shares by value (subject to certain exceptions in the case of a U.S. corporation), is passive income. Alternatively, we will be considered to be a PFIC if at least 50% of our assets in a taxable year, ordinarily determined based on the quarter-end average fair market value of our assets over the taxable year and including the pro rata share of the assets of any corporation in which we are considered to own 25% or more of the shares by value (subject to certain exceptions in the case of a U.S. corporation), produce or are held for the production of passive income. If we were a PFIC, and a U.S. holder did not make, as described below, a timely election either to treat us as a qualified electing fund or, if the election is available, to mark our shares to market, any excess distributions we pay to a U.S. holder would be taxed in a special way. Excess distributions are amounts paid on shares in a PFIC in any taxable year that exceed 125% of the average distributions paid on those shares in the shorter of: • the three previous years; and • the U.S. holder’s holding period for ordinary shares before the present taxable year. Excess distributions must be allocated ratably to each day that a U.S. holder has held our ordinary shares. A U.S. holder would then be required to include amounts allocated to the current taxable year and each prior year in which we were not a PFIC (but not before our first taxable year beginning after December 31, 1986) in its gross income as ordinary income for the current year. Further, a U.S. holder would be required to pay tax on amounts allocated to each prior taxable year in which we were a PFIC at the highest rate in effect for that year on ordinary income, and the tax for each such year would be subject to an interest charge at the rate applicable to deficiencies for income tax. 135 Table of Contents The entire amount of gain that is realized or treated as realized by a U.S. holder upon the sale or other disposition of ordinary shares (generally whether or not the disposition is a taxable transaction) will also be treated as an excess distribution and will be subject to tax as described in the preceding paragraph. In some circumstances a U.S. holder’s tax basis in our ordinary shares that were inherited from a deceased person who was a U.S. holder would not equal the fair market value of those ordinary shares as of the date of the deceased person’s death but would instead be equal to the deceased’s basis, if lower. The special PFIC rules described above will not apply to a U.S. holder if that U.S. holder makes an election to treat us as a qualified electing fund, to which we refer as a QEF, in the first taxable year in which the U.S. holder owns ordinary shares, provided we comply with specified reporting requirements. Instead, a U.S. holder who has made such a QEF election is required for each taxable year in which we are a PFIC to include in income a pro rata share of our ordinary earnings as ordinary income and a pro rata share of our net capital gain as long-term capital gain, subject to a separate election to defer payment of the related tax. If deferred, the taxes will be subject to an interest charge. We would supply U.S. holders with the information needed to report income and gain under a QEF election if we were classified as a PFIC. The QEF election is made on a shareholder-by-shareholder basis and can be revoked only with the consent of the Internal Revenue Service, to which we refer as the IRS. A shareholder makes a QEF election by attaching a completed IRS Form 8621, including the PFIC annual information statement, to a timely filed U.S. federal income tax return. If you are not required to file an income tax return or other return for the tax year, file the form directly with the IRS Service Center in Ogden, UT 84201-0201. Even if a QEF election is not made, a United States person who is a shareholder in a PFIC must file every year a completed IRS Form 8621 or other form as may be prescribed by the IRS pursuant to legislation requiring annual reports with respect to PFICs. A U.S. holder of PFIC shares that are publicly traded may elect to mark the stock to market annually, recognizing as ordinary income or loss each year an amount equal to the difference as of the close of the taxable year between the fair market value of the PFIC shares and the U.S. holder’s adjusted tax basis in the PFIC shares. Losses would be allowed only to the extent of net mark-to-market gain previously included in income by the U.S. holder under the election for prior taxable years. If the mark-to-market election were made, then the rules described above (other than the rules for excess distributions, which would apply to the first year the election is made if we were a PFIC in a prior year and a QEF election were not made for the first year we were a PFIC) would not apply for periods covered by the election. Although we do not believe that we were a PFIC in 2022, we cannot assure you that the IRS will agree with that conclusion or that we will not become a PFIC in 2023 or in a subsequent year. The tests for determining PFIC status are applied annually, and it is difficult to make accurate predictions of future income and assets, which are relevant to this determination. U.S. holders who hold ordinary shares during a period when we are a PFIC will be subject to these rules, even if we cease to be a PFIC in later years, subject to specified exceptions for U.S. holders who made a QEF election in the first year they held our ordinary shares and we were a PFIC or if in a later year they made any of certain elections to purge the PFIC taint of our ordinary shares, which elections generally require the payment of tax. U.S. holders are urged to consult their tax advisers about the PFIC rules, including QEF and mark-to-market elections. Tax on Net Investment Income A U.S. holder that is an individual or estate, or a trust that does not fall into a special class of trusts that is exempt from the tax, will be subject to a 3.8% tax on the lesser of (1) the U.S. holder’s “net investment income” for the relevant taxable year and (2) the excess of the U.S. holder’s modified adjusted gross income for the taxable year over a certain threshold (which in the case of individuals will be between $125,000 and $250,000, depending on the individual’s circumstances). A U.S. holder’s net investment income generally will include its dividends on our ordinary shares and net gains from dispositions of our ordinary shares, unless those dividends or gains are derived in the ordinary course of the conduct of trade or business (other than trade or business that consists of certain passive or trading activities). Net investment income, however, may be reduced by deductions properly allocable to that income. A U.S. holder that is an individual, estate or trust is urged to consult its tax adviser regarding the applicability of the Medicare tax to its income and gains in respect of its investment in our ordinary shares. 136 Table of Contents Tax Consequences for Non-U.S. Holders of Ordinary Shares Except as described in “Information Reporting and Backup Withholding” below, a non-U.S. holder of ordinary shares will not be subject to U.S. federal income or withholding tax on the payment of dividends on, and the proceeds from the disposition of, ordinary shares, unless: • the income is effectively connected with the conduct by the non-U.S. holder of a trade or business in the United States and, in the case of a resident of a country that has an income treaty with the United States, the income is attributable to a U.S. permanent establishment, or, in the case of an individual, a fixed place of business in the United States; • the non-U.S. holder is an individual who holds the ordinary shares as a capital asset and is present in the United States for 183 days or more in the taxable year of the disposition and does not qualify for an exemption; or • the non-U.S. holder is subject to tax under the provisions of U.S. tax law applicable to U.S. expatriates. A non-U.S. holder is a beneficial owner of our ordinary shares that is (1) a nonresident alien as to the United States for U.S. federal income tax purposes; (2) a corporation created or organized in or under the law of a country, or any of its political subdivisions, other than the United States; or (3) an estate or trust that is not a U.S. holder. Information Reporting and Backup Withholding U.S. holders generally are subject to information reporting requirements for dividends paid in the United States on ordinary shares. Dividends paid in the United States to a U.S. holder on ordinary shares are subject to backup withholding at a rate of 28% unless the U.S. holder provides IRS Form W-9 or establishes an exemption. U.S. holders generally are subject to information reporting and backup withholding at a rate of 28% on proceeds paid from the disposition of ordinary shares unless the U.S. holder provides IRS Form W-9 or establishes an exemption. The Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act, or FATCA, was enacted during 2014. FATCA generally requires foreign financial institutions (FFIs) to identify U.S. account holders and report them to the IRS or pay a 30% withholding tax. Nonfinancial foreign entities (or NFFEs) are required to report their substantial U.S. owners to withholding agents or pay a 30% withholding tax. FATCA’s objective is to prevent tax evasion by requiring the disclosure of account holder information to the IRS. Because Stratasys is a publicly traded company that is not a financial institution, FATCA has less impact than the rules discussed above that are still in effect for withholding tax purposes. A non-U.S. holder who effects the sale of his ordinary shares by or through a U.S. office of a broker is subject to both information reporting and backup withholding tax on the payment of the proceeds unless he certifies, under penalties of perjury, that he is not a U.S. person or otherwise establishes an exemption. If a non-U.S. holder sells his ordinary shares through a non-U.S. office of a non-U.S. broker and the sales proceeds are paid to the holder outside the United States, then information reporting and backup withholding generally will not apply to that payment. However, information reporting requirements, but not backup withholding, will apply to a payment of sales proceeds, even if that payment is made to a non-U.S. holder outside the United States, if the holder sells his ordinary shares through a non-U.S. office of a broker that is a U.S. person or has some other contacts with the United States. Those information reporting requirements will not apply, however, if the broker has documentary evidence in its records that the holder is a non-U.S. person and certain other conditions are met, or the holder otherwise establishes an exemption. Backup withholding is not an additional tax. Rather, the amount of any backup withholding will be allowed as a credit against a U.S. or non-U.S. holder’s U.S. federal income tax liability, and a taxpayer generally may obtain a refund of any amounts withheld under the backup withholding rules that exceed the taxpayer’s U.S. federal income tax liability by filing a refund claim with the IRS, provided in each case that required information is furnished to the IRS. 137 Table of Contents Information Reporting by Certain U.S. Holders U.S. citizens and individuals taxable as resident aliens of the United States that own “specified foreign financial assets” with an aggregate value in a taxable year in excess of certain thresholds (as determined under Treasury regulations) and that are required to file a U.S. federal income tax return generally will be required to file an information report with respect to those assets with their tax returns. IRS Form 8938 has been issued for that purpose. “Specified foreign financial assets” include any financial accounts maintained by foreign financial institutions, foreign stocks held directly, and interests in foreign estates, foreign pension plans or foreign deferred compensation plans. Under those rules, our ordinary shares, whether owned directly or through a financial institution, estate or pension or deferred compensation plan, would be “specified foreign financial assets.” Under Treasury regulations, the reporting obligation applies to certain U.S. entities that hold, directly or indirectly, specified foreign financial assets. Penalties can apply if there is a failure to satisfy this reporting obligation. A U.S. holder is urged to consult his tax adviser regarding his reporting obligation. F. Dividends and Paying Agents. Not applicable. G. Statement by Experts. Not applicable. H. Documents on Display. We are subject to the informational
requirements of the Exchange Act. In accordance with these requirements, we are
required to file reports and other information with the SEC. The SEC maintains a website that contains reports and information statements and other
information about issuers, such as us, who file electronically with the SEC. The address of that website is www.sec.gov . The reports and other information filed by
us with the SEC are also available at our website, at investors .stratasys.com . The web addresses of the SEC and our company have been included as inactive
textual references only. Information on those websites is not part of this
annual report. 138 Table of Contents As a foreign private issuer, we are exempt from the rules under the Exchange Act prescribing the furnishing and content of proxy statements, and our officers, directors and principal shareholders are exempt from the reporting and “short-swing” profit recovery provisions contained in Section 16 of the Exchange Act. In addition, we are not required under the Exchange Act to file periodic reports and financial statements with the SEC as frequently or as promptly as United States companies whose securities are registered under the Exchange Act. I. Subsidiary Information. Not Applicable. J. Annual Report to Security Holders Not Applicable. ITEM 11. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK. Market risk is the risk of loss related to changes in market prices, including mainly interest rates and foreign exchange rates, of financial instruments that may adversely impact our consolidated balance sheets, statements of operations or cash flows. Foreign Currency Exchange Risk Due to our international operations, currency exchange rates impact our financial performance. The majority of our balance sheet exposure relates to foreign currency assets and liabilities in entities which their functional currency is Euro. Our net Euro balance sheet exposure as of December 31, 2022 was approximately $28.8 million. Our total revenues amounted to $651.5 million in 2022, of which approximately 14.5% were denominated in Euros. During 2022, our Euro-denominated revenues exceeded our Euro-denominated expenses. Conversely, our expenses denominated in shekels are higher than our expected shekel-denominated revenues. For those currencies which do not have a sufficient natural hedge within our operations (such as offsetting revenues and expenses recorded in a given currency, or some other hedge), we may choose to hedge in order to reduce the impact of currency fluctuations on our operating results. In 2022, we entered into hedging transactions to reduce our potential currency exposure related to the U.S. dollar against each of the Euro and the New Israeli Shekel. Our foreign exchange forward contracts in effect as of December 31, 2022 were for the conversion of $12.7 million Euro into USD and $ 64.4 million into NIS. The net effect of these risks stemming from currency exchange rate fluctuations on our operating results can be quantified as follows: (i) A change of 10% i n the value of the Euro relative to the U.S. dollar in the year ended December 31, 2022 would have resulted in a change in the U.S. dollar reporting value of our consolidated operating income of $3.9 million for that year, mainly due to revenues earned in Euros. (ii) A chan ge of 10% in the valu e of the shekel relative to the dollar in the year ended December 31, 2022 would have resulted in a change in the dollar-reported value of our consolidated operating inco me of $14.4 million, mainly d ue to shekel-recorded expenses. We will continue to monitor exposure to currency fluctuations. Instruments that may be used to protect us against future risks may include foreign currency forward and swap contracts. These instruments may be used to selectively manage risks, but there can be no assurance that we will be fully protected against material foreign currency fluctuations. We do not use derivative financial instruments for speculative or trading purposes. 139 Table of Contents Interest Rate Risk Our cash and cash equivalents are held primarily in bank deposits with maturities of less than 90 days, and our short-term bank deposits have maturities of more than 90 days. Both are subject to limited interest rate risk, with an average interest rate of 6.17%. A 10% change in interest rates would not have a material effect on our financial condition or results of operations. ITEM 12. DESCRIPTION OF SECURITIES OTHER THAN EQUITY SECURITIES. Not Applicable. PART II ITEM 13. DEFAULTS, DIVIDEND ARREARAGES AND DELINQUENCIES. None ITEM 14. MATERIAL MODIFICATIONS TO THE RIGHTS OF SECURITY HOLDERS AND USE OF PROCEEDS. None ITEM 15. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES. (a) Disclosure Controls and Procedures . We carried out an evaluation under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our chief executive officer and chief financial officer, of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act), as of December 31, 2022, the end of the period covered by this annual report. We maintain disclosure controls and procedures designed to ensure that the information required to be disclosed by us in filings and submissions under the Exchange Act, is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods specified by the SEC’s rules and forms, and that information required to be disclosed by us in reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to management, including our chief executive officer and chief financial officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. In designing and evaluating our disclosure controls and procedures, our management recognizes that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving their objectives, and our management necessarily applies its judgment in evaluating the cost-benefit relationship of possible controls and procedures. Based on such evaluation, our chief executive officer and chief financial officer have concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of December 31, 2022. (b) Management’s Annual Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting. Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. Our internal control system was designed to provide reasonable assurance to our management and board of directors regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation and fair presentation of its published consolidated financial statements. Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. Our management assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. In making our assessment, our management used the criteria established in Internal Control—Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). Based on such assessment, management has concluded that, as of December 31, 2022, our internal control over financial reporting is effective based on those criteria. Kesselman & Kesselman, an independent registered public accounting firm in Israel and a member of PricewaterhouseCoopers International Limited, to which we refer as PwC, which audited the financial statements included in this annual report containing the disclosure required by this Item 15 has issued an attestation report regarding the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting. 140 Table of Contents (c) Attestation Report of Registered Public Accounting Firm . PwC’s attestation report regarding the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting is included in “Item 18-Financial Statements” on page F-1 of this annual report, which attestation report is incorporated by reference in this Item 15(c). (d) Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting. Based on the evaluation conducted by our management, with the participation of our chief executive officer and chief financial officer, pursuant to Rules 13a-15(d) and 15d-15(d) promulgated under the Exchange Act, our management (including such officers) have concluded that there were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting (as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act) that occurred during the period covered by this annual report that have materially affected, or that are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. ITEM 16A. AUDIT COMMITTEE FINANCIAL EXPERT. Our board of directors has determined that Mr. Yair Seroussi, who serves on the audit committee of our board of directors, meets the requirements of an “audit committee financial expert”, as defined in Item 407(d)(5) of SEC Regulation S-K and Item 16A of SEC Form 20-F and is an independent director, as defined in Rule 5600(a)(2) of the Nasdaq Listing Rules. ITEM 16B. CODE OF ETHICS. We have adopted a Code of Business Conduct and Ethics, which we to which we refer as the code of ethics, that applies to all directors, officers, and employees of our company and its subsidiaries, including our principal executive officer, principal financial officer, principal accounting officer or controller and other persons performing similar functions for us. A copy of the code of ethics has been posted on our Internet website, http://investors.stratasys.com/governance.cfm and is incorporated herein by reference. The foregoing website has been provided as an inactive textual reference only, and the content of that website is not a part of this annual report. 141 Table of Contents ITEM 16C. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES. The following table sets forth, for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, the fees billed to us and our subsidiaries by our principal accountant. (1) Year ended
December 31,
2022 | 2021
Audit fees (2) | $ | 843,700 | $ | 793,200
Audit-related (3) | 20,000 | 18,750
Tax fees (4) | 140,000 | 123,500
All other fees (5) | 19,800 | 18,300
Total | $ | 1,023,500 | $ | 953,750 (1) | Comprised by fees billed by Kesselman & Kesselman, a member firm of PricewaterhouseCoopers International Limited, an independent registered public accounting firm, or Kesselman & Kesselman (which served as our principal accountant with respect to the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021).
(2) | Audit fees consist of fees for professional services rendered by our principal accountant in connection with the audit of our consolidated annual financial statements and services that would normally be provided by our principal accountant in connection with statutory and regulatory filings or engagements.
(3) | The audit-related fees for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 were for due diligence related to acquisitions.
(4) | Tax fees are fees for services rendered by our principal accountant in connection with tax compliance, tax planning and tax advice.
(5) | All other fees are fees for other consulting services (if any) rendered by our principal accountant to us. 142 Table of Contents ITEM 16D. EXEMPTIONS FROM THE LISTING STANDARDS FOR AUDIT COMMITTEES. None. ITEM 16E. PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES BY THE ISSUER AND AFFILIATED PURCHASERS. None. ITEM 16F. CHANGE IN REGISTRANT’S CERTIFYING ACCOUNTANT. Not applicable. ITEM 16G. CORPORATE GOVERNANCE. The Nasdaq Global Select Market requires companies with securities listed thereon to comply with its corporate governance standards. As a foreign private issuer, we are not required to comply with all of the rules that apply to listed domestic U.S. companies. Pursuant to Nasdaq Listing Rule 5615(a)(3), we have notified Nasdaq that with respect to the corporate governance practices described below, we will instead follow Israeli law and practice and accordingly will not follow the Nasdaq Listing Rules. Except for the differences described below, we do not believe there are any significant differences between our corporate governance practices and those that apply to a U.S. domestic issuer under the Nasdaq Global Select Market corporate governance rules. • Quorum for Shareholder Meetings : As permitted under the Companies Law, under a recent amendment adopted to our amended and restated articles of association, the quorum required for an ordinary meeting of shareholders consists of at least two shareholders present in person, by proxy or by other voting instrument, who hold at least 25% of the voting power of our shares (and in an adjourned meeting, with some exceptions, two shareholders, regardless of the voting power associated with their shares), instead of 33 1/3% of the issued share capital required under the Nasdaq Listing Rules. • Executive Sessions of Independent Directors : Under the Companies Law, our independent directors (as defined under the Nasdaq Listing Rules) do not need to meet regularly in sessions at which only they are present, as is required of U.S. domestic issuers under Nasdaq Listing Rule 5605(b)(2). • Independent Director Oversight of Nominations : Under Israeli law, there is no requirement to have an independent nominating committee or the independent directors of a company select (or recommend for selection) director nominees, as is required under Nasdaq Listing Rule 5605(e) for a U.S. domestic issuer. Our board of directors (based on the recommendation of the executive committee thereof) handles this process, as is permitted by our amended articles and the Companies Law. We also need not adopt a formal board resolution or charter addressing the director nominations process and such related matters as may be required under the U.S. federal securities laws, as Nasdaq requires for a U.S. issuer. • Compensation Committee Charter : Under Israeli law, we are not required to
adopt, and our company has not adopted, a formal written compensation committee
charter for the compensation committee of our board of directors, as is
generally require Nasdaq Listing Rules related to the composition,
responsibilities and authority of the compensation committee. • Shareholder Approval : Pursuant to Israeli law, we seek shareholder approval for all corporate actions requiring such approval under the requirements of the Companies Law, which are different from, or in addition to, the requirements for seeking shareholder approval under Nasdaq Listing Rule 5635. See “Item 6. Directors, Senior Management and Employees—C. Board Practices — Fiduciary Duties of Office Holders” in this annual report for a description of the some of the transactions requiring shareholder approval under the Companies Law. ITEM 16H. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURE. Not applicable. ITEM 16I. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTION. Not applicable. 143 Table of Contents PART III ITEM 17. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS. We have elected to provide financial statements and related information pursuant to Item 18. ITEM 18. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS The consolidated financial statements and the related notes required by this Item are included in this annual report beginning on page F-1. 144 Table of Contents STRATASYS LTD. CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS DECEMBER 31, 20 22 Index to Consolidated Financial Statements | Page
Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB name: Kesselman & Kesselman C.P.A and PCAOB ID: 1309 ) | F-2
Consolidated Balance Sheets at December 31, 2022 and 2021 | F-5 to F-6
Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Loss for the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 | F-7
Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity for the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 | F-8
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 | F-9 to F-10
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements | F-11 to F-54 F-1 Table of Contents Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm To the board of directors and shareholders of Stratasys Ltd. Opinions on the Financial Statements and Internal Control over Financial Reporting We have
audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Stratasys Ltd. and its
subsidiaries (the “Company”) as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the related
consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss, of changes in
equity and of cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December
31, 2022, including the related notes (collectively referred to as the “consolidated
financial statements”). We also have audited the Company's internal control
over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established
in Internal Control - Integrated
Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the
Treadway Commission (COSO). In our
opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above present
fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December
31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for
each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022 in conformity
with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Also
in our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective
internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on
criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued
by the COSO. Basis for Opinions The Company's
management is responsible for these consolidated financial statements, for
maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting, and for its
assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting,
included in Management's Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting
appearing under Item 15(b). Our responsibility is to express opinions on the
Company’s consolidated financial statements and on the Company's internal
control over financial reporting based on our audits. We are a public
accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board
(United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the
Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable
rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. We conducted our
audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require
that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about
whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement,
whether due to error or fraud, and whether effective internal control over financial
reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our
audits of the consolidated financial statements included performing procedures
to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial
statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that
respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis,
evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial
statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used
and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall
presentation of the consolidated financial statements. Our audit of internal
control over financial reporting included obtaining an understanding of
internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material
weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating
effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audits also
included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the
circumstances. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our
opinions. F-2 Table of Contents Definition and Limitations of Internal Control over Financial Reporting A company’s internal
control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable
assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation
of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally
accepted accounting principles. A company’s internal control over financial
reporting includes those policies and procedures that (i) pertain to the
maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly
reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company;
(ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as
necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with
generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of
the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management
and directors of the company; and (iii) provide reasonable assurance
regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or
disposition of the company’s assets that could have a material effect on the
financial statements. Because of its
inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent
or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness
to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate
because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the
policies or procedures may deteriorate. Critical Audit Matters The critical audit matters communicated below are
matters arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial
statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit
committee and that (i) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to
the consolidated financial statements and (ii) involved our especially
challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical
audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated
financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the
critical audit matters below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit
matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate. Goodwill Impairment Assessment – Stratasys-Core reporting unit As described in Note 7 to the consolidated financial
statements, the Company’s goodwill balance in respect of the Stratasys-Core reporting unit is $65 million as of December 31, 2022. Management conducts an
impairment test in the fourth quarter of each year, or more frequently if
events or circumstances indicate that the carrying value of goodwill may be
impaired. Potential impairment is identified by comparing the fair value of a
reporting unit to its carrying value, including goodwill. Fair value is
estimated by management using a discounted cash flow model. Management’s cash
flow projections for the Stratasys-Core reporting unit includes significant
judgments and assumptions relating to the cash flow projections (including
revenue growth and associated operating profits margins), the long-term growth
rates, and the discount rate. The principal considerations for our determination
that performing procedures relating to the goodwill impairment assessment of
the Stratasys-Core reporting unit is a critical audit matter are (i) the
significant judgment by management when developing the fair value measurement
of the reporting unit; (ii) a high degree of auditor judgment, subjectivity,
and effort in performing procedures and evaluating management’s significant
assumptions related to the cash flow projections (including revenue growth and
associated operating profits margins), the long-term growth rates, and the
discount rate; and (iii) the audit effort involved the use of professionals
with specialized skill and knowledge. F-3 Table of Contents Addressing
the matter involved performing procedures and evaluating audit evidence in
connection with forming our overall opinion on the consolidated financial
statements. These procedures included testing the effectiveness of controls
relating to management's goodwill impairment assessment, including controls
over the valuation of the Company's reporting units. These procedures also
included, among others, testing management's process for developing the fair
value estimate of the reporting unit, evaluating the appropriateness of the
discounted cash flow model, testing the completeness, accuracy, and relevance
of underlying data used in the model, and evaluating the significant
assumptions used by management, including the cash flow projections (including revenue growth and associated operating profits margins), the long-term growth rates, and the discount rate. Evaluating management's assumptions related to cash flow projections (including revenue growth and associated operating profits margins), the long-term growth rates, and the discount rate involved evaluating whether the assumptions used by management were reasonable considering (i) the current and past performance of the reporting unit, (ii) the consistency with external market and industry data, and (iii) whether these assumptions were consistent with evidence obtained in other areas of the audit. Professionals with specialized skill and knowledge were used to assist in the evaluation of the Company’s discounted cash flow model and the discount rate assumption. Fair
value measurement of the contingent consideration As
described in Notes 2 and 4 to the consolidated financial statements, the
Company has $38.3 million contingent consideration liabilities recorded as of
December 31, 2022 representing the fair value of additional amounts that
management believes are likely to be paid in cash and ordinary shares of the
Company to the sellers of Origin and Xaar, upon the achievement of certain
financial targets. Management applied significant judgment in estimating the
fair value of the contingent consideration recorded, which also impacted the
results of operations of the Company by approximately $14.8 million for the
change in the fair value of such liabilities in the year ended December 31,
2022. Such fair value estimation involved the use of significant estimates and
assumptions with respect to the achievement of the financial metrics and the
related timing and amounts of the contingent payments. The principal considerations for our determination
that performing procedures relating to the fair value valuation of the
contingent consideration is a critical audit matter are (i) the high degree of
auditor judgment and subjectivity in performing procedures relating to the fair
value measurement of the contingent consideration recorded, due to the
significant judgment by management when developing the estimate; (ii)
significant audit effort in evaluating the significant assumptions relating to
the estimate, such as the achievement of the financial metrics and the related
timing and amounts of the contingent payments, as well as the net cash flow
projections and the discount rate used; and (iii) the audit effort involved the
use of professionals with specialized skill and knowledge. Addressing
the matter involved performing procedures and evaluating audit evidence in
connection with forming our overall opinion on the consolidated financial
statements. These procedures included testing the effectiveness of controls
relating to management’s valuation of the contingent consideration and controls
over development of the cash flow projections and the discount rate assumptions
utilized in the valuation of the contingent consideration. These procedures
also included, among others (i) reading the related agreements and (ii) testing
management’s process for estimating the fair value of contingent consideration.
Testing management’s process included evaluating the appropriateness of the
valuation methods, testing the completeness and accuracy of data provided by
management, and evaluating the reasonableness of significant assumptions
related to the cash flow projections and the discount rate for the contingent
consideration. Evaluating the reasonableness of the cash flow projections
involved considering the past performance of the acquired businesses, as well
as economic and industry forecasts. The discount rate was evaluated by
considering the cost of capital of comparable businesses and other industry
factors. Professionals with specialized skill and knowledge were used to assist
in the evaluation of the Company’s discounted cash flow model and the discount rate assumptions. /s/ Kesselman & Kesselman Certified Public Accountants (Isr.) A member firm of PricewaterhouseCoopers International Limited Tel-Aviv, Israel March 3, 2023 We have served as the Company’s auditor since 2012. F-4 Table of Contents STRATASYS LTD. CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Consolidated Balance Sheets
(in thousands, except per share data)
December 31, | 2022 | 2021
ASSETS
Current assets
Cash and cash equivalents | $ | 150,470 | $ | 243,179
Short-term bank deposits | 177,367 | 259,000
Accounts receivable, net of allowance for credit losses of $ 0.9 million and $ 0.5 million as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively | 144,739 | 129,382
Inventories | 194,054 | 129,147
Prepaid expenses | 5,767 | 6,871
Other current assets | 27,823 | 33,123
Total current assets | 700,220 | 800,702
Non-current assets
Property, plant and equipment, net | 195,063 | 203,295
Goodwill | 64,953 | 65,144
Other intangible assets, net | 121,402 | 152,244
Operating lease right-of-use assets | 18,122 | 14,651
Long-term investments | 141,610 | 28,667
Other non-current assets | 18,420 | 12,519
Total non-current assets | 559,570 | 476,520
Total assets | $ | 1,259,790 | $ | 1,277,222
LIABILITIES AND EQUITY
Current liabilities
Accounts payable | $ | 72,921 | $ | 51,976
Accrued expenses and other current liabilities | 45,912 | 55,358
Accrued compensation and related benefits | 34,432 | 44,684
Deferred revenues - short-term | 50,220 | 51,174
Operating lease liabilities - short term | 7,169 | 7,276
Total current liabilities | 210,654 | 210,468
Non-current liabilities
Deferred revenues - long-term | 25,214 | 21,133
Deferred income taxes | 5,638 | 7,341
Operating lease liabilities - long term | 10,670 | 7,693
Contingent consideration | 23,707 | 53,478
Other non-current liabilities | 24,475 | 21,095
Total non-current liabilities | 89,704 | 110,740
Total liabilities | $ | 300,358 | $ | 321,208
Commitments and contingencies (see note 10) F-5 Table of Contents Equity
Ordinary shares, NIS 0.01 nominal value, authorized 180,000
shares; 67,086 shares and 65,677 shares
issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively | $ | 187 | $ | 182
Additional paid-in capital | 3,048,915 | 3,012,481
Accumulated other comprehensive loss | ( 12,818 | ) | ( 8,771 | )
Accumulated deficit | ( 2,076,852 | ) | ( 2,047,878 | )
Total equity | 959,432 | 956,014
Total liabilities and equity | $ | 1,259,790 | $ | 1,277,222
The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. F-6 Table of Contents STRATASYS LTD. CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Loss
(in thousands, except per share data)
Years Ended December 31, | 2022 | 2021 | 2020
Revenues
Products | $ | 452,124 | $ | 417,557 | $ | 339,782
Services | 199,359 | 189,662 | 181,035
651,483 | 607,219 | 520,817
Cost of revenues
Products | 234,601 | 210,941 | 171,235
Services | 140,415 | 136,200 | 130,188
375,016 | 347,141 | 301,423
Gross profit | 276,467 | 260,078 | 219,394
Operating expenses
Research and development, net | 92,876 | 88,303 | 84,012
Selling, general and administrative | 240,750 | 250,937 | 205,224
Goodwill impairment | - | - | 386,154
333,626 | 339,240 | 675,390
Operating loss | ( 57,159 | ) | ( 79,162 | ) | ( 455,996 | )
Gain from deconsolidation of subsidiary | 39,136 | - | -
Gain from step acquisition | - | 14,400 | -
Financial income (expenses), net | 229 | ( 2,075 | ) | ( 575 | )
Loss before income taxes | ( 17,794 | ) | ( 66,837 | ) | ( 456,571 | )
Income tax benefit (expenses) | ( 5,454 | ) | 3,906 | 16,394
Share in net profits (losses) of associated companies | ( 5,726 | ) | 949 | ( 3,939 | )
Net loss | $ | ( 28,974 | ) | $ | ( 61,982 | ) | $ | ( 444,116 | )
Net loss attributable to non-controlling interests | - | - | ( 395 | )
Net loss attributable to Stratasys Ltd. | $ | ( 28,974 | ) | $ | ( 61,982 | ) | $ | ( 443,721 | )
Net loss per share attributable to Stratasys Ltd. - basic and diluted | $ | ( 0.44 | ) | $ | ( 0.98 | ) | $ | ( 8.08 | )
Weighted average shares outstanding - basic and diluted | 66,491 | 63,471 | 54,918
Comprehensive Loss
Net loss | ( 28,974 | ) | ( 61,982 | ) | ( 444,116 | )
Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax:
Foreign currency translation adjustments | ( 2,175 | ) | ( 3,170 | ) | 533
Unrealized gains (losses) on derivatives designated as cash flow hedge | ( 1,872 | ) | 3,245 | ( 1,663 | )
Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax | ( 4,047 | ) | 75 | ( 1,130 | )
Comprehensive loss | ( 33,021 | ) | ( 61,907 | ) | ( 445,246 | )
Less: Comprehensive loss attributable to non-controlling interests | - | - | ( 395 | )
Comprehensive loss attributable to Stratasys Ltd. | $ | ( 33,021 | ) | $ | ( 61,907 | ) | $ | ( 444,851 | )
The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. F-7 Table of Contents STRATASYS LTD. CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity
(in thousands)
Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020
Ordinary Shares
Number of shares | Par Value | Additional Paid-In Capital | Accumulated Deficit | Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss | Total Equity
Balances, January 1, 2020 | 54,441 | 148 | 2,706,894 | ( 1,542,175 | ) | ( 7,716 | ) | 1,157,151
Issuance of shares in connection with stock-based compensation plans | 688 | 2 | 226 | - | - | 228
Stock-based compensation | - | - | 20,204 | - | - | 20,204
Issuance of shares as part of the Origin acquisition | 1,488 | 5 | 26,631 | - | - | 26,636
Comprehensive loss | - | - | - | ( 443,721 | ) | ( 1,130 | ) | ( 444,851 | )
Balance as of December 31, 2020 | 56,617 | 155 | 2,753,955 | ( 1,985,896 | ) | ( 8,846 | ) | 759,368
Issuance of shares in connection with stock-based compensation plans | 1,129 | 3 | 8,052 | - | - | 8,055
Stock-based compensation | - | - | 30,977 | - | - | 30,977
Public offering of ordinary shares, net | 7,931 | 24 | 218,826 | - | - | 218,850
Other items | - | - | 444 | - | - | 444
Reduction of redeemable non-controlling interest | - | - | 227 | - | - | 227
Comprehensive loss | - | - | - | ( 61,982 | ) | 75 | ( 61,907 | )
Balance as of December 31, 2021 | 65,677 | 182 | 3,012,481 | ( 2,047,878 | ) | ( 8,771 | ) | 956,014
Issuance of shares in connection with stock-based compensation plans | 1,159 | 4 | 262 | - | - | 266
Issuance of Common stock under employee stock purchase plan | 250 | 1 | 2,978 | - | - | 2,979
Stock-based compensation | - | - | 33,461 | - | - | 33,461
Other | - | - | ( 267 | ) | - | - | ( 267 | )
Comprehensive loss | - | - | - | ( 28,974 | ) | ( 4,047 | ) | ( 33,021 | )
Balance as of December 31, 2022 | 67,086 | 187 | 3,048,915 | ( 2,076,852 | ) | ( 12,818 | ) | 959,432 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. F-8 Table of Contents STRATASYS LTD. CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows
(in thousands)
Years ended December 31, | 2022 | 2021 | 2020
Cash flows from operating activities
Net loss | $ | ( 28,974 | ) | $ | ( 61,982 | ) | $ | ( 444,116 | )
Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash provided by (used in) operating activities:
Goodwill impairment | - | - | 386,154
Impairment of other long-lived assets | 3,865 | 1,447 | 6,985
Depreciation and amortization | 59,769 | 56,096 | 49,560
Stock-based compensation | 33,461 | 30,977 | 20,204
Foreign currency transaction loss (gain) | 9,090 | 3,446 | ( 8,718 | )
Gain from step acquisition | - | ( 14,400 | ) | -
Gain from deconsolidation of subsidiary | ( 39,136 | ) | - | -
Share in net (profits) losses of associated companies | 5,726 | ( 949 | ) | 3,939
Revaluation of investments | 3,778 | ( 1,301 | ) | -
Revaluation of contingent consideration | ( 15,805 | ) | - | -
Deferred income taxes, net and uncertain tax positions | 926 | ( 12,380 | ) | ( 20,299 | )
Other non-cash items, net | ( 2,778 | ) | 2,914 | ( 2,552 | )
Change in cash attributable to changes in operating assets and liabilities:
Accounts receivable, net | ( 28,877 | ) | ( 25,003 | ) | 29,465
Inventories | ( 87,337 | ) | ( 53 | ) | 37,120
Other current assets and prepaid expenses | 5,758 | ( 14,976 | ) | 10,147
Other non-current assets | 4,472 | 10,460 | 8,968
Accounts payable | 19,614 | 28,492 | ( 24,534 | )
Other current liabilities | ( 17,707 | ) | 38,952 | ( 10,033 | )
Deferred revenues | 6,577 | 8,872 | ( 6,398 | )
Other non-current liabilities | ( 7,827 | ) | ( 14,788 | ) | ( 10,903 | )
Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities | $ | ( 75,405 | ) | $ | 35,824 | $ | 27,802
Cash flows from investing activities
Cash paid for business combinations, net of cash acquired | - | ( 20,553 | ) | ( 29,115 | )
Purchase of property and equipment | ( 13,635 | ) | ( 24,981 | ) | ( 26,943 | )
Investments in short-term bank deposits | ( 479,852 | ) | ( 361,000 | ) | ( 27,000 | )
Proceeds from short-term bank deposits | 561,485 | 129,000 | 28,300
Proceeds from sale of equity method investment | - | - | 3,175
Net proceeds from divestitures of subsidiaries and associated companies | - | - | 1,000
Investments in non-marketable equity securities | ( 69,148 | ) | ( 11,779 | ) | -
Purchase of intangible assets | ( 6,117 | ) | ( 1,770 | ) | ( 2,070 | )
Other investing activities | 54 | ( 82 | ) | 28
Net cash used in investing activities | $ | ( 7,213 | ) | $ | ( 291,165 | ) | $ | ( 52,625 | )
Cash flows from financing activities
Proceeds from public offering, net of issuance costs | - | 218,850 | -
Proceeds from exercise of stock options | 266 | 8,055 | 228
Payment of contingent consideration | ( 2,754 | ) | - | -
Other financing activities | ( 281 | ) | 406 | -
Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities | $ | ( 2,769 | ) | $ | 227,311 | $ | 228
Effect of exchange rate changes on cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash | ( 7,220 | ) | ( 893 | ) | 3,214
Net change in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash | ( 92,607 | ) | ( 28,923 | ) | ( 21,381 | )
Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash, beginning of year | 243,293 | 272,216 | 293,597
Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash, end of year | $ | 150,686 | $ | 243,293 | $ | 272,216
Reconciliation of cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash reported in the consolidated balance sheets:
Cash and cash equivalents | 150,470 | 243,179 | 272,092
Restricted cash included in other current assets | 216 | 114 | 124
Total cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash shown in the statement of cash flows | $ | 150,686 | $ | 243,293 | $ | 272,216 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. F-9 Table of Contents STRATASYS LTD. CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows
(in thousands)
Years ended December 31, | 2022 | 2021 | 2020
Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information
Cash paid during the year for:
Income taxes, net of tax refunds | $ | 12,550 | $ | 2,418 | $ | 1,140
Non-cash investing and financing activities:
Transfer of inventories to fixed assets | 9,212 | 2,673 | 4,138
Transfer of fixed assets to inventories | 123 | 977 | 410
Contingent consideration | - | 17,985 | 37,400
Right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for new operating lease liabilities | 12,057 | 5,955 | 10,008
Issuance of Common stock under employee stock purchase plan | 2,978 | - | -
Issuance of shares as part of Origin acquisition (Refer to Note 2) | - | - | 26,636 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. F-10 Table of Contents ​ STRATASYS LTD. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Note 1. Nature of Operations and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies a. Nature of Operations Stratasys Ltd. (collectively with its
subsidiaries, the “Company” or “Stratasys”) is a global leader in connected,
polymer-based 3D printing solutions, across the entire manufacturing value
chain. The Company leverages its competitive advantages, which include a broad
set of best-in-class 3D printing platforms, software, a materials and
technology partner ecosystem, innovative leadership, and global GTM
infrastructure, in order to position itself to capture share in a significant
and growing global marketplace, with a focus on manufacturing. The
Company’s approximately 1,700 granted and pending additive technology patents
to date have been used to create models, prototypes, manufacturing tools, and
production parts for a multitude of industries including aerospace, automotive,
transportation, healthcare, consumer products, dental, medical, fashion and
education. Stratasys’ products and comprehensive solutions improve product
quality, development time, cost, time-to-market and patient care. The Company’s
3D ecosystem of solutions and expertise includes 3D printers, materials,
software, expert services, and on-demand parts production. The Company has one operating segment, which generates revenues via the sale of its 3D printing systems, related services and consumables and by providing additive manufacturing ( “ AM ” ) solutions. The Company operates mainly through offices in Israel, the United States, Germany, Hong Kong and Japan. The global COVID-19 pandemic began adversely impacting
the Company's financial results for its operations in all global regions
already in the first quarter of 2020. The impact of COVID-19 on the Company’s
results of operations was most pronounced throughout the 2020 year. The Company’s
employees were often relegated to remote work and were reduced to a four-day
work week, during the height of the pandemic, beginning during the second
quarter, and through the end of, 2020. See also Note 7 for goodwill impairment
in 2020. In 2021, the Company returned to work at full-capacity (a five-day
work week) on a global basis, with a high percentage of its employees
throughout the world receiving vaccines against COVID-19 over the course of the
year. The annual results
for 2021 evidenced those improvements on an aggregate basis, with revenues for
2021 approaching pre-COVID-19 levels, signaling a near-full recovery for
the Company’s top-line results. The Company’s annual results for 2022 surpassed pre-COVID-19
levels with respect to revenues, reflecting the essential full recovery of the world
economy from the pandemic in 2022. The Company currently faces new uncertainties concerning
macroeconomic headwinds that have arisen in the aftermath of the COVID-19
pandemic, including inflation, increased interest rates, currency exchange rate
changes and supply chain difficulties. The Company has taken the approach
of managing these challenges in a similar manner that it dealt with the pandemic,
including via the strengthening of its balance sheet and cash assets, and
avoidance of debt, while focusing on cost controls and cash generation. The
Company has continued its significant investment in research and development to
ensure that its strategically important product development programs have
progressed. F-11 Table of Contents STRATASYS LTD. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS b. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies Basis of Presentation The consolidated financial statements are prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America (“US GAAP”). Principles of Consolidation The accompanying consolidated financial statements include the accounts of Stratasys Ltd., and its subsidiaries. All intercompany balances and transactions, including profits from intercompany sales not yet realized outside the Company, have been eliminated in consolidation. Functional Currency and Foreign Currency Transactions A major part of the Company’s operations is carried out by Stratasys Ltd. in Israel and its subsidiaries in the United States. The functional currency of these entities is the U.S. dollar (“dollar” or “$”). The functional currency of other subsidiaries is generally their local currency. The financial statements of those subsidiaries are included in the consolidated financial statements, based on translation into U.S. dollars. Assets and liabilities accounts are translated at year-end exchange rates, while revenues and expenses accounts are translated at average exchange rates during the year. The remeasurement adjustments of foreign currencies translation are included in the Company’s shareholders’ equity as a component of accumulated other comprehensive loss in the accompanying consolidated financial statements. Gains and losses arising from foreign currency remeasurements of monetary balances denominated in non-functional currencies are reflected in financial income, net in the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss. Use of Estimates The preparation of financial statements in conformity with U.S. GAAP requires management to make estimates using assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and related disclosures at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates, and such differences may have a material impact on the Company’s financial statements. As applicable to these consolidated financial statements, the most significant estimates relate to valuation allowance, uncertain tax positions, recoverability of intangibles and goodwill and purchase price allocation including contingent consideration. In particular, a number of estimates have been and
will continue to be affected by the trends that have arisen in the aftermath of
the COVID-19 pandemic, including global events and other longer-term
macroeconomic conditions, including rising inflation, increasing interest
rates, tightening of capital markets and global supply chains. As a result, the
accounting estimates and assumptions may change over time. Such changes could
have an additional impact on the Company’s long-lived asset
and intangible asset valuation; and the allowance for expected credit losses.
These consolidated financial statements reflect the financial statement effects
based upon management’s estimates and assumptions utilizing the most currently
available information. F-12 Table of Contents STRATASYS LTD. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Fair Value Measurements Fair value is defined as the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. A hierarchy has been established for inputs used in measuring fair value that maximizes the use of observable inputs and minimizes the use of unobservable inputs by requiring that the most observable inputs be used when available. Observable inputs are inputs that are developed using market data, such as publicly available information about actual events or transactions, and that reflect the assumptions that market participants would use when pricing the asset or liability. Unobservable inputs are inputs for which market data are not available and that are developed using the best information available about the assumptions that market participants would use when pricing the asset or liability. The fair value hierarchy categorizes into three levels. Level 1 inputs are quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities that the reporting entity can access at the measurement date. Level 2 inputs include inputs other than quoted prices included within Level 1 that are observable for the asset or liability, either directly or indirectly. Level 3 inputs are unobservable inputs for the asset or liability. The fair value hierarchy gives the highest priority to quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities (Level 1 inputs) and the lowest priority to unobservable inputs (Level 3 inputs). Categorization within the valuation hierarchy is based upon the lowest level of input that is significant to the fair value measurement. Business Combinations The Company
allocates the fair value of consideration transferred in a business combination
to the assets acquired, liabilities assumed, and non-controlling interests in
the acquired business based on their fair values at the acquisition date.
Acquisition-related expenses and restructuring costs are recognized separately
from the business combination and are expensed as incurred. The excess of the
fair value of the consideration transferred plus the fair value of any
non-controlling interest in the acquiree over the fair value of the assets
acquired, liabilities assumed in the acquired business is recorded as goodwill.
Fair
value estimates are based on the assumptions management believes a market
participant would use in pricing the asset or liability. The fair value of
the consideration transferred may include a combination of cash, equity
securities, earn out payments and deferred payments. The allocation of the
consideration transferred in certain cases may be subject to revision based on
the final determination of fair values during the measurement period, which may
be up to one year from the acquisition date. The cumulative impact of revisions
during the measurement period is recognized in the reporting period in which
the revisions are identified. The Company includes the results of operations of
the businesses that it has acquired in its consolidated results prospectively
from the respective dates of acquisition. When the Company acquires net assets that do not constitute a business, as defined under U.S. GAAP, no goodwill is recognized and acquired IPR&D is expensed unless it has an alternative future use. The Company records obligations in connection with its
business combinations at fair value on the acquisition date. Key assumptions
used to determine the estimated fair value of the continent consideration
amounts include: (a) internal cash flows forecasts for the relevant period
during which the financial metrics should be achieved; and (b) a discount
rate which reflects the weighted average cost of capital adjusted for the
relevant risk associated with the operations and the uncertainty inherent in
the Company's internally developed forecasts. Each reporting period thereafter,
the Company revalues earn-out payments and deferred payments which are
classified as liabilities and records the changes in their fair value in the
consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss under
selling, general and administrative expenses. Changes in the fair value of the obligations in
connection with its business combinations can result from adjustments to the
discount rates, the Company’s shares price, sales and profitability targets.
These fair value measurements represent Level 3 measurements, as they are based
on significant inputs not observable in the market. Significant judgment is
required in determining the assumptions utilized as of the acquisition date and
for each subsequent measurement period. Accordingly, changes in the assumptions
described above could have a material impact on the Company’s consolidated
results of operations. F-13 Table of Contents STRATASYS LTD. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Cash and Cash Equivalents All highly liquid investments, which include short-term bank deposits that are not restricted as to withdrawal or use, with maturities of ninety days or less when acquired, are considered to be cash equivalents. Bank Deposits Bank deposits with original
maturity dates of more than three months but at balance sheet date are less
than one year are included in short-term bank depos its. The fair value of bank
deposits approximates the carrying value since they bear interest at rates
close to the prevailing market rates. Accounts Receivable, net The Company maintains the allowance for estimated losses resulting from the inability of the Company’s customers to make required payments. The allowance represents the current estimate of lifetime expected credit losses over the remaining duration of existing accounts receivable considering current market conditions and supportable forecasts when appropriate. The estimate is a result of the Company’s ongoing evaluation of collectability, customer creditworthiness, historical levels of credit losses, and future expectations. Allowance for credit losses due to the Company’s accounts receivable amounted t o $ 0.9 million and $ 0.5 million as of December 31, 20 2 2 and 2021, respectively. Changes in the allowance for credit losses are recognized in selling, general and administrative expenses. Accounts receivable are written-off against the allowance for credit losses when management deems the accounts are no longer collectible. The balance and the changes in the allowance for expected credit losses are comprised as follows: Year ended December 31
2022 | 2021 | 2020
U.S. $ in thousands
Balance at beginning of year | $ | 517 | $ | 870 | $ | 939
Increase during the year | 420 | 50 | 454
Bad debt written off | ( 77 | ) | ( 403 | ) | ( 523 | )
Balance at end of year | $ | 860 | $ | 517 | $ | 870 F-14 Table of Contents STRATASYS LTD. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Derivative Instruments and Hedge Accounting The Company conducts its operations globally and may be exposed to global market risks and to the risk that its earnings, cash flows and equity could be adversely impacted by fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates. As part of the Company’s risk management strategy, the Company enters into transactions involving foreign currency exchange derivative financial instruments. For its non-hedging transactions, the Company manages its foreign currency exposures on a consolidated basis, which allows the Company to net exposures and take advantage of any natural hedging. The transactions are designed to manage the Company’s net exposure to foreign currency exchange rates and to reduce the volatility of earnings and cash flows associated with changes in foreign currency exchange rates. Financial markets and currency volatility may limit the Company’s ability to hedge these exposures. The Company does not enter into derivative transactions for trading purposes. The Company recognizes these derivative instruments as either assets or liabilities in the consolidated balance sheets at their fair value. Derivatives in a gain position are reported in other current assets in the consolidated balance sheets and derivatives in a loss position are recorded in accrued expenses and other current liabilities in the consolidated balance sheets, on a gross basis. When the Company enters into a derivative contract, it designates the derivative for accounting purposes, as either a hedging instrument which qualifies for hedge accounting or as a non-hedging instrument which does not qualify for hedge accounting. In order to qualify for hedge accounting, the Company formally documents at the inception of each hedging relationship the hedging instrument, the hedged item, the risk management objective and strategy for undertaking each hedging relationship, and the method used to assess hedge effectiveness. For each hedging instrument that hedges the exposure to variability in expected future cash flows and that is designated and effective as a cash flow hedge, both the effective and ineffective portion of the unrealized gain or loss on the derivative instrument are reported as a component of accumulated other comprehensive loss in the Company’s shareholders’ equity and are reclassified into earnings in the same period and in the same line item in which the hedged transaction affects earnings. The cash flows associated with these derivatives are reported in the consolidated statements of cash flows consistently with the classification of cash flows from the underlying hedged items that these derivatives are hedging. For non-hedging instruments, the Company records the changes in fair value of derivative instruments in financial income (expenses), net in the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss. The cash flows associated with these derivatives are reported in the consolidated statements of cash flows consistently with the classification of cash flows from the underlying hedged items that these derivatives are hedging. Refer to Note 12 for further information regarding the Company’s derivative and hedging activities. F-15 Table of Contents STRATASYS LTD. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Inventories Inventories are stated at the lower of cost or net realizable value. Cost is determined mainly using standard cost, which approximates actual cost, on a first-in, first-out basis. Inventory costs consist of materials, direct labor and overhead. Net realizable value is determined based on estimated selling prices in the ordinary course of business, less reasonably predictable costs of completion, disposal, and transportation. The Company periodically assesses inventory for obsolescence and excess balances and reduces the carrying value by an amount equal to the difference between its cost and the net realizable value. The net realizable value is primarily estimated based on future demand forecasts, as well as, historical sales trends, product life cycle status and product development plans. Long-term Investments The Company’s
investments in non-marketable equity securities in which it has the ability to
exercise significant influence, but does not control through variable interests
or voting interests, are accounted for under the equity method of accounting. Under the equity method, the Company recognizes its proportionate share
of the comprehensive income or loss of the investee. The Company’s share of profit or losses from equity method investments is included in share in profit or losses
of associated companies. Other
non-marketable equity securities without readily determinable fair value in
which the Company does not have a controlling interest or significant influence
are accounted for under the measurement alternative method. Under this method,
the investments are carried at their original cost, less any impairment and
adjusted for observable price changes for identical or similar instruments.
Marketable securities are carried at fair value with changes in value recorded
in Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Loss. Investments in convertible notes are carried at fair value
utilizing a combination of discounted cash flows associated with the note and
the fair value of the equity into which the note may be converted. The Company reviews its
unconsolidated long-term investments for potential impairment or other
adjustments, which generally involves an analysis of the facts and changes in
circumstances influencing the investments. As of December 31, 2022 the amount presented under Long-term investments includes investment in equity investee in the amount of $ 100.2 million. see al so Note 2. The balance represents mainly investment in non-marketable equity securities without readily determinable fair value. F-16 Table of Contents STRATASYS LTD. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Property, Plant and Equipment, net Property, plant and equipment are stated at cost less accumulated depreciation. Depreciation is computed using the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of the assets, or in the case of leasehold improvements, the shorter of the lease term (including any renewal periods, if appropriate) or the estimated useful life of the asset. Repairs and maintenance are charged to expense as incurred, while betterments and improvements that extend the useful life or add functionality of property, plant and equipment are capitalized. Depreciation is computed primarily over the following periods: Useful Life
in Years
Buildings | 25 - 40
Machinery and equipment | 5 - 10
Buildings improvements | 5 - 10
Computer equipment and software | 3 - 5
Office equipment, furniture and fixtures | 5 - 14 The Company reviews the carrying amounts of property, plant and equipment for potential impairment when events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable. In evaluating recoverability, the Company groups assets and liabilities at the lowest level such that the identifiable cash flows relating to the group are largely independent of the cash flows of other assets and liabilities. The Company then compares the carrying amounts of the assets or asset groups with the related estimated undiscounted future cash flows. In the event impairment exists, an impairment charge is recorded at the amount by which the carrying amount of the asset or asset group exceeds the fair value. In addition, the remaining depreciation period for the impaired asset would be reassessed and, if necessary, revised. F-17 Table of Contents STRATASYS LTD. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Other Intangible Assets, net Intangible assets and their useful lives are as follows: Useful Life
in Years
Developed technology | 7 - 10
Patents | 10
Trade names | 5 - 10
Customer relationships | 6 - 10 Definite life intangible assets are amortized using the straight-line method over their estimated period of useful life. Amortization of acquired developed technology is recorded in cost of revenues. Amortization of trade names, customer relationships and patents are recorded under selling, general and administrative expenses. For definite life intangible assets, the Company reviews the carrying amounts for potential impairment when events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable. In evaluating recoverability, the Company groups assets and liabilities at the lowest level such that the identifiable cash flows relating to the group are largely independent of the cash flows of other assets and liabilities. The Company then compares the carrying amounts of the asset or assets groups with their respective estimated undiscounted future cash flows. If the definite life intangible asset or assets group are determined to be impaired, an impairment charge is recorded at the amount by which the carrying amount of the asset or assets group exceeds their fair value. Fair value is determined by using an applicable discounted cash flow model. In addition, the remaining amortization period for the impaired asset would be reassessed and, if necessary, revised. Refer to Note 8 for further information. Goodwill Goodwill reflects the excess of the consideration transferred plus the fair value of any non-controlling interest in the acquiree at the business combination date over the fair values of the identifiable net assets acquired. Goodwill is an asset representing the future economic benefits arising from other assets acquired in a business combination that are not individually identified and separately recognized. The Company allocates goodwill to its reporting units based on the reporting unit expected to benefit from the business combination. The primary items that generate goodwill include the value of the synergies between the acquired companies and the Company and the acquired assembled workforce, neither of which qualifies for recognition as an intangible asset. ASC 350, “Intangibles - Goodwill
and other” (“ASC 350”) requires goodwill to be tested for impairment at the
reporting unit level at least annually or between annual tests in certain
circumstances, and written down when impaired. ASC 350
allows an entity to first assess qualitative factors to determine whether it is
necessary to perform the two-step quantitative goodwill impairment test. If the
qualitative assessment does not result in a more likely than not indication of
impairment, no further impairment testing is required. If it does result in a
more likely than not indication of impairment, the quantitative goodwill
impairment test two-step impairment test is performed. Alternatively, ASC 350 permits
an entity to bypass the qualitative assessment for any reporting unit and
proceed directly to performing the quantitative first step of the goodwill
impairment test. If the carrying value of the reporting unit exceeds its fair
value, an impairment charge is recognized for the
amount by which the carrying value exceeds the reporting unit’s fair value. If
the fair value of the reporting unit is determined to be greater than its
carrying amount, the applicable goodwill is not impaired. F-18 Table of Contents STRATASYS LTD. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Retirement Plans and Employee Rights Upon Termination Under Israeli law, the Company is required to pay a severance payment to its employees in Israel upon dismissal of an employee or upon termination of employment in certain other circumstances. The Company makes ongoing deposits into its Israeli employee pension plans to fund their severance liabilities. For its employees who are employed under the Section 14 of the Severance Pay Law, 1963 ( ” Section 14 ” ), the Company makes deposits with certain insurance companies for accounts controlled by each applicable employee in order to secure the employee’s rights upon termination. In addition, the related obligations and amounts deposited on behalf of the applicable employees for such obligations are not presented on the Company’s consolidated balance sheets, as the amounts funded are not under the control and management of the Company and the Company is legally released from the obligation to pay any severance payments to the employees once the required deposit amounts have been paid. Severance pay liabilities with respect to for the Company’s employees in Israel who are not subject to Section 14, as well as employees who have special contractual arrangements, are provided for in the Company’s consolidated financial statements based on the length of time that they work for the Israeli entity and their latest monthly salary. The Company’s liabilities for those Israeli employees, in the am ounts of $ 2.8 million and $ 3.2 million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, are presented as other non-current liabilities in the Company’s consolidated balance sheets. These liabilities are recorded as if they were payable at each balance sheet date. These liabilities are partially funded by the purchase of insurance policies or by the establishment of pension funds with dedicated deposits in the funds. The amounts used to fund these liabilities are included in the Company’s consolidated balance sheets under other non-current assets. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had $ 2.3 million and $ 3.2 million, respectively, deposited in these insurance policies and pension funds. These policies are the Company’s assets. However, under employment agreements and subject to certain limitations, any policy may be transferred to the ownership of the individual employee for whose benefit the funds were deposited. In addition, the Company has liabilities for severance payments to its employees in other jurisdictions in accordance with local laws and practices of the countries in which they are employed. Severance expenses for t he years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 were $ 3.9 million, $ 3.4 million and $ 9.1 million, respectively. For its employees in the United States, the Company has a defined contribution retirement plan (the “Plan”) under the provisions of Section 401(k) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the “Code”) that covers eligible U.S. employees as defined in the Plan. Participants may elect to contribute both pre-tax or after-tax (“Roth”) up to 50 % of annual taxable compensation, as defined by the Plan, up to a maximum amount prescribed by the Code. The Company, at its discretion, makes matching contributions equal 4 % of the participant’s annual compensation. For th e years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 the Company made 401(k) Plan contributions of approximately $ 3.7 million, $ 4.0 million and $ 4.1 milli on respectively. F-19 Table of Contents STRATASYS LTD. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Contingent Liabilities The Company is subject to various legal proceedings that arise from time to time in the ordinary course of business. The outcomes of the legal proceedings that are pending as of the date the financial statements are issued are subject to significant uncertainty. In assessing loss contingencies related to legal proceedings that are pending against the Company or unasserted claims that may result in such proceedings, the Company’s management evaluates the perceived merits of any legal proceedings or unasserted claims as well as the perceived merits of the amount of relief sought or expected to be sought. Such assessment inherently involves an exercise of judgment. If the assessment of a contingency indicates that it is probable that loss would be incurred and the amount of the liability can be reasonably estimated, then the Company would record an accrued expense in the Company’s financial statements based on its best estimate. Loss contingencies considered to be remote by management are generally not disclosed unless material. The respective legal fees are expensed as incurred. Revenue Recognition The Company derives revenues from sales of additive manufacturing systems, consumables and services. The Company sells its products directly through its sales force, independent sales agents and indirectly through authorized resellers. The Company determines revenue recognition through the following steps: • Identification of the contract, or contracts, with a customer • Identification of the performance obligations in the contract • Determination of the transaction price • Allocation of the transaction price to the performance obligations in the contract • Recognition of revenue when, or as, the Company satisfies a performance obligation Revenue is measured as the amount of consideration expected to be received in exchange for transferring goods or providing services to the end customer or to the reseller. The amount of consideration is usually at fixed price at the contract inception. Consideration from Shipping and handling are recorded on a gross basis within product revenue. Revenues are recorded net of any taxes assessed by various government entities, such as sales, use and value-added taxes. F-20 Table of Contents STRATASYS LTD. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Revenue from products, which consist of systems and consumables, is recognized when the customer has obtained control of the goods, generally at a point in time upon shipment or once delivery and risk of loss has transferred to the customer. The Company recognizes revenue on sales to resellers when the reseller has economic substance apart from the Company and the reseller is considered the principal for the transaction with the end-user customer. Service revenue derives from service type warranty and from the Company’s direct manufacturing parts services. Revenue from service is recognized ratably on a straight-line basis over the time of the service, as control is transferred over time or as services are performed if not under contract. The Company enters into contracts with customers that can include various combinations of products and services which are generally distinct and accounted for as separate performance obligations. Products or services that are promised to a customer can be considered distinct if both of the following criteria are met: (i) the customer can benefit from the products or services either on its own or together with other readily available resources, and (ii) the Company’s promise to transfer the products or services to the customer is separately identifiable from other promises in the contract. The transaction price is allocated to each distinct performance obligations on a relative standalone selling price (“SSP”) basis and revenue is recognized for each performance obligation when control has passed. In most cases, the Company is able to establish SSP based on the observable prices of services sold separately in comparable circumstances to similar customers and for products based on the Company’s best estimates of the price at which the Company would have sold the product regularly on a stand-alone basis. The Company reassesses the SSP on a periodic basis or when facts and circumstances change. In assessing collectability as part of the revenue recognition process, the Company considers a number of factors in the evaluation of the creditworthiness of the customer, including past due amounts, payment history and financial condition. In some cases where collectability is not assured, payment terms are set partially or entirely as prepayment or customers may be required to furnish letters of credit. See Note 3 for additional information related to disaggregation of revenue and other. Shipping and handling costs Shipping and handling costs are classified as cost of revenues. F-21 Table of Contents STRATASYS LTD. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Advertising Advertising costs are expensed as incurred and were approximately $ 5.1 million, $ 4.5 million and $ 6.3 million, for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Research and Development Expenses Research and development costs consist primarily of employee compensation expenses, materials, laboratory supplies, costs for related software and costs for facilities and equipment. Expenditures for research and development are expensed as incurred. Government reimbursements and other participations for development of approved projects are recognized as a reduction of expenses as the related costs are incurred. The Company is not required to pay royalties on sales of products developed using its government funding. Income Taxes The Company and its subsidiaries are subject to income taxes in the jurisdictions in which they operate. The Company’s provision for income taxes is based on income tax rates in the tax jurisdictions where it operates, permanent differences between financial reporting and tax reporting, and available credits and incentives. Deferred taxes are determined utilizing the “asset and liability” method based on the estimated future tax effects of temporary differences between the carrying amount and tax bases of assets and liabilities under the applicable tax laws, and on enacted tax rates in effect when the deferred taxes are expected to be settled or realized. Deferred taxes for each jurisdiction are presented as a non-current net asset or liability, net of any valuation allowances. Deferred taxes have not been provided on the following items: 1) Taxes that would apply in the event of disposal of investments in first-tier foreign subsidiaries, as it is generally the Company’s intention to hold these investments, not to realize them. 2) Dividends distributable from the income of foreign companies as the Company does not expect these companies to distribute dividends in the foreseeable future. If these dividends were to be paid, the Company would have to pay additional taxes at a rate of up to 25 % on the distribution, and the amount would be recorded as an income tax expense in the period the dividend is declared. Amounts of tax-exempt income generated from the Company’s current Approved Enterprises (see note 9c), as the Company intends to permanently reinvest these profits and does not intend to distribute dividends from such income. If these dividends were to be paid, the Company would have to pay additional taxes at a rate up to 10 % on the distribution, and the amount would be recorded as an income tax expense in the period the dividend is declared. F-22 Table of Contents STRATASYS LTD. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Valuation Allowances Valuation allowances are provided unless it is more likely than not that the deferred tax asset will be realized. In the determination of the appropriate valuation allowances, the Company considers future reversals of existing taxable temporary differences, the most recent projections of future business results, prior earnings history, carryback and carry forward and prudent tax strategies that may enhance the likelihood of realization of a deferred tax asset. Assessments for the realization of deferred tax assets made at a given balance sheet date are subject to change in the future, particularly if earnings of a subsidiary are significantly higher or lower than expected, or if the Company takes operational or tax positions that could impact the future taxable earnings of a subsidiary. Uncertain Tax Positions The Company takes a two-step approach to recognizing and measuring uncertain tax positions. The first step is to evaluate the tax position for recognition by determining whether the weight of available evidence indicates that it is more likely than not that, on an evaluation of the technical merits, the position will be sustained on audit, including resolution of related appeals or litigation processes, if any. The second step is performed only if the tax position meets the more-likely-than-not recognition threshold and is to measure the tax benefit as the amount which is more than 50 % likely of being realized upon ultimate settlement. The Company reevaluates these tax positions quarterly and makes adjustments as required. The liabilities relating to uncertain tax positions are classified as current in the consolidated balance sheets to the extent the Company anticipates making payments within one year. The Company classifies interest and penalties recognized in the financial statements relating to uncertain tax positions under the provision for income taxes. The Company presents unrecognized tax benefits as a reduction to deferred tax asset where a net operating loss, a similar tax loss, or a tax credit carryforward that are available, under the tax law of the applicable jurisdiction, to offset any additional income taxes that would result from the settlement of a tax position. Stock-Based Compensation The Company measures and recognizes compensation
expense for its equity classified stock-based awards, including stock-based
option awards, restricted stock units (“RSUs”) and performance stock units
(“PSUs”) under the Stratasys Ltd. 2012 Omnibus Equity Incentive Plan (the “2012
Plan”) and the Stratasys Ltd. 2022 Share Incentive Plan (the “2022 Plan”) based
on estimated fair values on the grant date. The Company calculates the fair value of stock-based option awards on the date of grant using the Black-Scholes option pricing model. The option-pricing model requires a number of assumptions, of which the most significant are the expected share price volatility and the expected option term. The computation of expected volatility is based on historical volatility of the Company’s shares. The expected option term is calculated using the simplified method , as the Company concludes that its historical share option exercise experience does not provide a reasonable basis to estimate its expected option term. The interest rate for periods within the expected term of the award is based on the U.S. Treasury yield curve in effect at the time of grant. The Company’s expected dividend rate is zero since the Company does not currently pay cash dividends on its shares and does not anticipate doing so in the foreseeable future. F-23 Table of Contents STRATASYS LTD. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Each of the above factors requires the
Company to use judgment and make estimates in determining the percentages and
time periods used for the calculation. If the Company were to use different
percentages or time periods, the fair value of stock-based option awards could
be different. The fair values of the Company’s RSUs and PSUs are measured based
on the fair value of the Company’s ordinary shares on the date of grant. The
fair value of shares to be issued under the employee stock purchase plan
("ESPP") are estimated using the Monte Carlo valuation model. The Company recognizes compensation
expenses for its stock-based option awards (including awards under its ESPP
program) and RSUs on a straight-line basis over the requisite service period
(primarily 6-month period for the ESPP and a four-year period for the rest of
the awards). The Company accounts for forfeitures as they occur. The
Company recognizes compensation expenses for its PSUs based on the probability
that the performance metrics will be achieved over the vesting period. At each
reporting period the Company evaluates the probability that its PSUs will be
earned and adjust its previously recognized compensation expense as necessary.
If the achievement of the respective performance metrics is not probable or the
respective performance are not met the Company reverses its previously
recognized compensation expense. Restructuring Plan The Company may incur restructuring charges in connection with certain initiatives designed to adjust the Company’s cost and operating structure, improve efficiencies across the Company and to better align with the Company’s long-term strategy and overall market conditions. Restructuring charges include employee severance and associated termination costs related to the reduction of workforce, costs related to facilities closures, impairment charges of the respective long-lived assets and contract termination costs. Restructuring charges for employees’ termination costs are recognized when the required actions to execute the restructuring initiative were performed and the initiatives are probable and costs are estimable. Restructuring charges for facilities and contract terminations are recognized when the Company ceased using the rights conveyed by the contract. Significant judgments and estimates are involved in estimating the impact of restructuring plans on the Company’s consolidated financial statements. Actual results may differ from these estimates. Loss per Share Basic loss per share is computed by
dividing net income (loss) attributable to ordinary shareholders of Stratasys
Ltd. by the weighted average number of ordinary shares (including fully vested
RSUs, PSUs and ordinary shares purchased under the Company’s employee
share purchase plan (the “ESPP”)) outstanding for the reporting periods. The denominator for diluted net loss per share is a computation of the weighted-average number of ordinary shares and the potential dilutive ordinary shares outstanding during the period. Potential dilutive shares outstanding include the dilutive effect of in-the-money options, ESPP and unvested RSUs using the treasury stock method. PSUs are considered contingently issuable shares for diluted net loss per share purposes and the dilutive impact, if any, is not included in the weighted average shares until the performance conditions are met. Concentration of Credit Risk Financial instruments that potentially subject the Company to concentrations of credit risk consist principally of cash and cash equivalents, short term bank deposits, accounts receivables, and foreign currency exchange forward contracts. Most of the Company’s cash and cash equivalents and bank deposits are invested in U.S. dollar instruments with major banks in the U.S., Israel and Europe. Management believes that the credit risk with respect to the financial institutions that hold the Company’s cash and cash equivalents and bank deposits is low. Concentration of credit risk with respect to accounts receivable is limited due to the relatively large number of customers and their wide geographic distribution. In addition, the Company seeks to mitigate its credit exposures to its accounts receivable by credit limits, credit insurance, ongoing credit evaluation and account monitoring procedures. F-24 Table of Contents STRATASYS LTD. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Leases The Company determines if an arrangement is a lease at inception. Lease classification is governed by five criteria in ASC 842-10-25-2. If any of these five criteria is met, The Company classifies the lease as a finance lease; otherwise, the Company classifies the lease as an operating lease. When determining lease classification, the Company’s approach in assessing two of the mentioned criteria is: (i) generally 75 % or more of the remaining economic life of the underlying asset is a major part of the remaining economic life of that underlying asset; and (ii) generally 90 % or more of the fair value of the underlying asset comprises substantially all of the fair value of the underlying asset. Operating leases are included in operating lease right-of-use (“ROU”) assets and operating lease liabilities in the consolidated balance sheet. ROU assets represent Stratasys's right to use an underlying asset for the lease term and lease liabilities represent its obligation to make lease payments arising from the lease. Operating lease ROU assets and liabilities are recognized at the commencement date based on the present value of lease payments over the lease term. The Company uses its incremental borrowing rate based on the information available at the commencement date to determine the present value of the lease payments. The standard also provides practical expedients for an entity’s ongoing accounting. The Company elected the short-term lease recognition exemption for all leases with a term shorter than 12 months. This means that for those leases, the Company does not recognize ROU assets or lease liabilities, including not recognizing ROU assets or lease liabilities for existing short-term leases of those assets in transition, but recognizes lease expenses over the lease term on a straight-line basis. The Company also elected the practical expedient to not separate lease and non-lease components for all of the Company leases. Lease terms will include options to extend or terminate the lease when it is reasonably certain that Stratasys will exercise or not exercise the option to renew or terminate the lease. The Company is a party to several lease agreements for its facilities, the latest of which has been extended until September 2026. The Company has the option to extend certain agreements for additional periods, the earliest of which is until the start of March 202 3 and the latest is until the end o f June 2029. During the extended lease period, the aggregate annual rental payments will increase by 2% to 4 % each year. The Company also leases vehicles for its employees with different commencement and ending periods in Israel and Ger many solely. The latest lease agreement is until the start of July 2025 . F-25 Table of Contents STRATASYS LTD. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Recently issued accounting pronouncements Accounting Pronouncements Adopted in 2022 In August 2020, the FASB issued ASU 2020-06 “Debt – Debt with Conversion and Other Options (Subtopic 470-20) and Derivatives and Hedging – Contracts in Entity’s Own Equity (Subtopic 815 – 40).” This guidance simplifies the accounting for certain financial instruments with characteristics of liabilities and equity, including convertible instruments and contracts on an entity’s own equity. The amendments to this guidance are effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2021, and interim periods within those fiscal years. The Company adopted this guidance effective January 1, 2022, with no material impact on its consolidated financial statements. In November 2021, the FASB
issued ASU 2021-10 “Government Assistance (Topic 832),” which requires annual
disclosures that increase the transparency of transactions involving government
grants, including (1) the types of transactions, (2) the accounting for those
transactions, and (3) the effect of those transactions on an entity’s financial
statements. The Company applied the guidance prospectively to all in-scope transactions
beginning fiscal year 2022. The adoption of this guidance did not have a
material impact on the Company’s consolidated financial statements. Recently issued accounting pronouncements, not yet adopted In October
2021, the FASB issued ASU 2021-08 “Business Combinations (Topic 805),
Accounting for Contract Assets and Contract Liabilities from Contracts with
Customers”, which requires contract assets and contract liabilities acquired in
a business combination to be recognized and measured by the acquirer on the
acquisition date in accordance with ASC 606, Revenue from Contracts with
Customers. The guidance will result in the acquirer recognizing contract assets
and contract liabilities at the same amounts recorded by the acquiree. The
guidance should be applied prospectively to acquisitions occurring on or after
the effective date. The guidance is effective for fiscal years beginning after
December 15, 2022, including interim periods within those fiscal years. Early
adoption is permitted, including in interim periods, for any financial
statements that have not yet been issued. The Company will adopt the new
accounting standard effective January 1, 2023 and will apply the guidance
prospectively to all business combinations with an acquisition date occurring
on or after January 2023.The Company does not expect the adoption of this guidance to have a material
impact on its consolidated financial statements. F-26 Table of Contents STRATASYS LTD. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Note 2. Certain Transactions Origin acquisition On December 31, 2020 (the “Origin
transaction date”) the Company acquired 3D printing start-up Origin Laboratories Inc. ( “ Origin ” ) for an aggregate purchase price of $ 97.1 million (“Origin transaction”), including cash and shares. The acquisition enables
Stratasys to expand its leadership through innovation in the fast-growing mass
production parts market with a next-generation photopolymer platform. Stratasys
expects Origin’s proprietary Programmable PhotoPolymerization ( P 3 ) technology
to be an important growth engine for the Company. The acquisition was aimed at fortifying the Company's leadership in polymers and production applications of 3D printing in industries such as dental, medical, tooling, and select industrial, defense, and consumer goods markets . In exchange for 100% of the
outstanding shares of Origin the Company issued 1,488 thousand ordinary shares,
paid cash upon closing and is obligated to pay additional payments
(combination of cash and shares) subject to performance-based earnouts over 3
years. The Origin transaction is reflected in
accordance with ASC Topic 805, “Business Combinations”, using the acquisition
method of accounting with the Company as the acquirer. The following table summarizes the fair
value of the consideration transferred to Origin stockholders for the Origin
transaction: U.S. $ in thousands
Cash payments | $ | 33,025
Issuance of ordinary shares to Origin stockholders | 26,636
Contingent consideration at estimated fair value | 37,400
Total consideration | $ | 97,061 The fair value of the ordinary shares
issued was determined based on the closing market price of the Company’s
ordinary shares on the Origin transaction date. In accordance with ASC Topic 805, the estimated contingent consideration as of the Origin transaction date was included in the purchase price. The total contingent payments could reach to a maximum aggregate amount of up to $40.0 million. Approximately 50% of the payments shall be settled in cash, and 50% shall be settled through the issuance of ordinary shares. The estimated fair value of the contingent consideration is based on management’s assessment of whether, and at what level, the financial metrics will be achieved, and the present value factors associated with the timing of the payments. This fair value measurement is based on significant unobservable inputs in the market and thus represents a Level 3 measurement within the fair value hierarchy. Changes in the fair value of contingent consideration are recorded in operating expenses. Refer to note 4. An additional payment of $ 6.0 million, which is subject to the founders' retention over 3 years, is recorded as compensation expense over the retention period. F-27 Table of Contents STRATASYS LTD. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS The allocation of the purchase price to assets acquired and liabilities assumed, including measurement period adjustments (refer to note 7), is as follows: Allocation of Purchase Price
(U.S. $ in thousands)
Cash and cash equivalents | $ | 2,083
Goodwill | 38,104
Intangible assets | 71,120
Other assets | 3,493
Total assets acquired | 114,800
Net deferred tax liabilities | 14,007
Other labilities | 3,732
Total liabilities assumed | 17,739
Net assets acquired | $ | 97,061 The allocation of the purchase price to net assets acquired and liability assumed resulted in the recognition of intangible asset related to developed technology of $ 71.0 million. This intangible asset has a useful-life of 10 years. The fair value estimate of the developed technology is determined using a variation of the income approach known as the “Multi-Period Excess Earnings Approach”. This valuation technique estimates the fair value of an asset based on market participants’ expectations of the cash flows an asset would generate over its remaining useful life. The net cash flows were discounted to present value. Investment in Xaar 3D Ltd. ("Xaar 3D") Xaar plc (“Xaar”) and Stratasys had announced the
formation of Xaar 3D in July 2018 for the purpose of developing Powder Bed
Fusion (”PBF”) additive manufacturing solutions that Stratasys can bring to the
market. During the fourth quarter of 2019, the Company entered into an
agreement with Xaar to purchase additional shares of Xaar 3D that will increase
its stake from 15 percent to 45 percent, with Xaar retaining the remaining 55
percent. In addition, the agreement included an option for Stratasys to acquire
the remaining shares of Xaar 3D. Following the additional investment, the Company considered the FASB guidance in accordance with ASC Topic 810 “Consolidation” regarding the propriety of implementing consolidation, for both the variable interest entity and voting model, or equity method accounting. The Company concluded that it should continue accounting for the investment according to the equity method as it has retained the ability to exercise significant influence but does not control Xaar 3D. For its additional interest in Xaar 3D the Company paid approximately $ 15.7 million. The investment was presented under other non-current assets in the Company’s consolidated balance sheets. F-28 Table of Contents STRATASYS LTD. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS On November 1, 2021 (the "Xaar 3D transaction date") , the Company acquired the remaining 55 % share of XAAR 3D, for an aggregate purchase price of $ 29.3 million . The Company paid cash upon closing and it is obligated to make additional earn-out payments and royalties on products and services sales for up to 15 years. The Xaar 3D transaction is reflected in accordance with ASC Topic 805, “Business Combinations”, using the acquisition method of accounting with the Company as the acquirer. The
Company accounted for the acquisition of the remaining equity of Xaar 3D as
a step acquisition, which required re-measurement of the Company's previous
ownership interest to fair value prior to completing purchase accounting.
Using step acquisition accounting the Company increased the value of
its previously held equity investment to its fair value of $ 23.8 million,
which resulted in a gain of approximately $ 14.4 million, recorded in the consolidated
statements of operations in the fourth quarter of 2021. The
acquisition of the remaining equity interest also resulted in the recognition
of a previously unrealized foreign currency gain of $ 0.6 million , which was reclassified
from accumulated OCI. The fair value of the previously held equity method
investment was determined based upon a valuation of the acquired business, as
of the date of acquisition, as detailed below. The following table
summarizes the fair value of the consideration transferred to Xaar 3D
stockholders for the Xaar 3D transaction: U.S. $ in thousands
Cash payments | $ | 13,967
Contingent consideration at estimated fair value | 15,314
Total consideration for 55 % holding | 29,281
Fair value of 45 % holding | 23,775
Total consideration | $ | 53,056 In accordance with ASC Topic 805, the estimated contingent consideration as of the Xaar 3D transaction date was included in the purchase price. The total contingent
payments could reach to a maximum aggregate amount of up to $ 21.0 million. The estimated fair value of the contingent consideration is based on management’s assessment of whether, and at what level, the financial metrics
will be achieved, and the present value factors associated with the timing of the payments. This fair value measurement is based on significant unobservable inputs in the
market and thus represents a Level 3 measurement within the fair value hierarchy. Changes in the fair value of contingent consideration are recorded in operating expenses. Refer to note 4. F-29 Table of Contents STRATASYS LTD. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS The allocation of the purchase price to assets acquired and liabilities assumed, is as follows: Allocation of Purchase Price
(U.S. $ in thousands)
Cash and cash equivalents | $ | 82
Goodwill | 25,375
Intangible assets | 45,000
Other assets | 5,280
Total assets acquired | 75,737
Net deferred tax liabilities | 1,736
Other liabilities | 20,945
Total liabilities assumed | 22,681
Net assets acquired | $ | 53,056 The
allocation of the purchase price ("PPA") to net assets acquired and
liability assumed resulted in the recognition of intangible asset related to
developed technology of $ 45.0 million. This intangible asset has a useful-life of 7 years. The fair value estimate of the developed technology is determined
using a variation of the income approach known as the “Multi-Period Excess
Earnings Approach”. This valuation technique estimates the fair value of an
asset based on market participants’ expectations of the cash flows an asset
would generate over its remaining useful life. The net cash flows were
discounted to present value. In addition, as part of the PPA, the Company assumed
a royalty liability to a third party in respect of the developed technology.
Such liability amounting to $ 14.2 million was recorded based on a fair value
estimate, which was determined using the valuation model used to value the
developed technology and is recorded under other non-current liabilities. RPS acquisition On February 16, 2021 the Company acquired RP Support Lim ited (“RPS”), a provider of industrial stereolithography 3D printers and solutions. In exchange for 100 % of the outstanding shares of RPS, the Company paid cash upon closing and paid earn-out payments. F-30 Table of Contents STRATASYS LTD. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS MakerBot and Ultimaker transaction ("Ultimaker") On August 31, 2022, Stratasys completed the merger of MakerBot (previously, a fully owned subsidiary) with Ultimaker, which together formed a new entity under the name Ultimaker. The Company recorded a net gain of $ 39.1 million from deconsolidation of MakerBot, representing the difference between the book value of MakerBot's net assets and the fair value allocated to such net assets in the transaction as follows: (U.S. $ in thousands)
Fair value, net | $ | 55,751
Net assets deconsolidated | ( 14,146 | )
Transaction expenses | ( 2,469 | )
Gain on deconsolidation of subsidiary | 39,136 The Company accounts for its investment in the combined company Ultimaker according
to the equity method in accordance with ASC Topic 323, as it has retained the
ability to exercise significant influence but does not control the new entity.
the Company recognized an equity method investment in a total amount of $ 105.6 million comprised of the assumed fair value of the MakerBot shares and
additional amount invested in cash by the Company, representing a share of 46.5 % in the new entity. The preliminary allocation of
the purchase price ("PPA") to net assets acquired and liability
assumed resulted in the recognition of intangible asset of $ 57.8 million
and goodwill of $ 22.3 million and other net assets of $ 25.5 million. The value assigned to intangible assets is amortized over a period of 5 to 10 years and the related amortization is included under share in net losses (profits) from associated companies. The
estimated fair values are preliminary and based on the information that was
available as of August 31, 2022. Thus, the measurements of fair value reflected
are subject to changes and such changes could be significant. As of December 31, 2022 the equity investment in Ultimaker amounts to $ 100.2 million which represents the original investment in Ultimaker, net of share in net losses for the period at the amount of $ 5.4 million. Following the acquisition, the Company will act as an agent to Ultimaker and will distribute products of Ultimaker. Transactions with Ultimaker for the period from the acquisition date through December 31, 2022 were immaterial. F-31 Table of Contents STRATASYS LTD. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Covestro acquisition On August 8, 2022, the Company announced it has signed a definitive agreement to acquire the additive manufacturing materials business of Covestro AG. The acquisition is expected to close during the second quarter of 2023. The purchase price is approximately $ 42.3 million ( 43 million euros), plus additional inventory, less certain liabilities. In addition, there is a potential earnout payment of up to $ 36.4 million ( 37 million euros), subject to the achievement of various performance metrics. Other
investments In addition to the investment in Ultimaker, other investments included
under Long-term investments represents mainly investments in non-marketable
equity securities of several companies without readily determinable fair value
in which the Company does not have a controlling interest or significant
influence. One entity from this group
became public during the first quarter of 2021 and accordingly the investment
is now treated as a marketable equity investment. During 2022 and
2021, the Company invested a total of $ 14.8 million and $ 11.8 million in
non-marketable equity securities of several companies. In addition, in 2022, the
Company invested $ 1.9 million in convertible notes of another entity. Restructuring plan On June 2, 2020, the Company announced a restructuring plan to reduce operating expenses as part of a cost realignment program to focus on profitable growth (the “ Plan ” ). The Plan’s cost-cutting measures included workforce reductions affecting approximately 10 % of employees, as well as other cost-mitigation measures. The Company re corded $ 6.4 million and $ 3.9 mi llion of employee-related charges and other related charges, respectively, during 2020. The plan was substantially completed in 2020. F-32 Table of Contents STRATASYS LTD. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Note 3. Revenues Disaggregation of Revenues The following table present the Company’s revenues disaggregated by geographical region (based on the Company's customers’ location) and revenue type for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020: Year ended December 31,
2022 | 2021 | 2020
(U.S. $ in thousands)
Americas
Systems | $ | 130,959 | $ | 124,311 | $ | 98,884
Consumables | 130,775 | 121,245 | 106,857
Service | 153,694 | 142,767 | 137,736
Total Americas | 415,428 | 388,323 | 343,477
EMEA
Systems | 53,527 | 42,077 | 29,584
Consumables | 61,703 | 61,192 | 48,521
Service | 26,430 | 27,027 | 23,479
Total EMEA | 141,660 | 130,296 | 101,584
Asia Pacific
Systems | 40,106 | 33,110 | 22,266
Consumables | 35,054 | 35,623 | 33,670
Service | 19,235 | 19,867 | 19,820
Total Asia Pacific | 94,395 | 88,600 | 75,756
Total Revenues | $ | 651,483 | $ | 607,219 | $ | 520,817 F-33 Table of Contents STRATASYS LTD. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS The following table present the Company’s revenues disaggregated based on the timing of revenue recognized for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020: Year ended December 31,
2022 | 2021 | 2020
(U.S. $ in thousands)
Revenues recognized in point in time from:
Products | $ | 452,124 | $ | 417,557 | $ | 339,782
Services | 53,152 | 46,049 | 40,405
Total revenues recognized in point in time | 505,276 | 463,606 | 380,187
Revenues recognized over time from:
Services | 146,207 | 143,613 | 140,630
Total revenues recognized over time | 146,207 | 143,613 | 140,630
Total Revenues | $ | 651,483 | $ | 607,219 | $ | 520,817 Contract Assets and Contract Liabilities Contract assets are recorded when the Company's right to consideration is conditional on constraints other than the passage of time. The Company had no material contract assets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. Contract liabilities include advance payments and billings in excess of revenue recognized. Contract liabilities are presented under deferred revenues. The Company's deferred revenues as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 were as follows: December 31,
2022 | 2021
U.S. $ in thousands
Deferred revenue* | $ | 75,434 | $ | 72,307 *Includes $ 25.2 million and $ 21.1 million under long term deferred revenue in the Company's consolidated balance sheets as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. Revenue recognized in 2022 and 2021 that was included in deferred revenue balance as of January 1, 2022 and 2021, was $ 44.0 million and $ 48.7 million , respectively. Remaining Performance Obligations Remaining Performance Obligations ( “ RPO ” ) represents contracted revenue that has not yet been recognized, which includes deferred revenue and amounts that will be invoiced and recognized as revenue in future periods. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021 the total RPO amounted to $ 104.6 million and $ 128.0 million, respectively. The Company expects to recognize $ 75.6 million of this RPO during the next 12 months, $ 15.8 million over the subsequent 12 months and the remaining $ 13.1 million thereafter. F-34 Table of Contents STRATASYS LTD. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Incremental Costs of Obtaining a Contract Sales commissions earned mainly by the Company’s sales agents a re considered incremental costs of obtaining a contract with a customer as the Company expects the benefit of those commissions to be longer than one year. The majority of the sales commissions are not subject to capitalization as the commission expense is recognized as the related revenue is recognized. Sales commissions for initial contracts related to the service type warranty are deferred and then amortized on a straight-line basis over the expected customer relationship period (generally 5 years) if the Company expects to recover those costs. The Company determined the period of benefit by taking into consideration customer contracts including renewals, the technology and other factors. Amortization expense is included in selling, general and administrative expenses in the consolidated statements of operations. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the deferred commission amounted to $ 9.6 million and $ 7.4 million, respectively and presented under Other current assets and Other non-current assets. Note 4. Fair Value Measurement The following tables summarize the Company’s financial assets and liabilities that are carried at fair value on a recurring basis, on its consolidated balance sheets: December 31, 2022 | December 31, 2021
Level 2 | Level 3 | Level 2 | Level 3
(U.S. $ in thousands)
Assets:
Foreign exchange forward contracts not designated as hedging instruments | $ | 159 | $ | - | $ | 82 | $ | -
Foreign exchange forward contracts designated as hedging instruments | 3 | - | 910 | -
Liabilities:
Foreign exchange forward contracts not designated as hedging instruments | ( 38 | ) | - | ( 89 | ) | -
Foreign exchange forward contracts designated as hedging instruments | ( 1,640 | ) | - | ( 60 | ) | -
Convertible notes | - | 1,894 | - | -
Contingent consideration* | - | 38,341 | - | 55,919
$ | ( 1,516 | ) | $ | 40,235 | $ | 843 | $ | 55,919 *Include s $ 14.6 million and $ 2.4 million un der Accrued expenses and other current liabilities in the Company's consolidated balance sheets as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. The Company’s foreign exchange forward contracts are classified as Level 2, as they are not actively traded and are valued using pricing models that use observable market inputs, including interest rate curves and both forward and spot prices for currencies (Level 2 inputs). Contingent consideration represents liabilities recorded at fair value in connection with acquisitions, and thus represents a Level 3 measurement within the fair value hierarchy (refer to Note 2). Other financial instruments consist mainly of cash and cash equivalents, short term deposits, current and non-current receivables, accounts payable and other current liabilities. The fair value of these financial instruments approximates their carrying values. The following table summarizes the activity for those financial assets and liabilities where fair value measurements are estimated utilizing Level 3 inputs. December 31,
2022 | 2021
(U.S. $ in thousands)
Fair value at the beginning of the period | $ | 55,919 | $ | 37,400
Acquisitions | - | 17,985
Revaluation of Contingent considerations and other adjustment | ( 14,824 | ) | 534
Settlements of Contingent considerations | ( 2,754 | ) | -
Fair value at the end of the period | $ | 38,341 | $ | 55,919 F-35 Table of Contents STRATASYS LTD. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Note 5. Inventories Inventories consisted of the following: December 31,
2022 | 2021
U.S. $ in thousands
Finished goods | $ | 81,564 | $ | 58,784
Work-in-process | 7,562 | 4,360
Raw materials | 104,928 | 66,003
$ | 194,054 | $ | 129,147 Note 6. Property, Plant and Equipment, Net Property, plant and equipment, net consisted of the following: December 31,
2022 | 2021
(U.S. $ in thousands)
Machinery and equipment | $ | 157,602 | $ | 157,692
Buildings and improvements | 178,605 | 178,025
Computer equipment and software | 52,503 | 51,311
Office equipment, furniture and fixtures | 14,628 | 14,723
Land | 18,927 | 19,079
422,265 | 420,830
Accumulated depreciation | ( 230,220 | ) | ( 219,357 | )
192,045 | 201,473
Construction work in progress | 3,018 | 1,822
$ | 195,063 | $ | 203,295 Depreciation expenses were $ 22.6 million, $ 24.8 million and $ 25.2 million in the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. During the years ended December 31, 2022 , 2021 and 2020, the Company recorded impairment charges of $ 3.8 million, $ 1.4 and $ 7.0 million, respectiv ely which were recorded in the consolidated statements of
operations and comprehensive loss under cost of sales. F-36 Table of Contents STRATASYS LTD. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Note 7. G oodwill Changes in the carryi ng amount of the Company’s goodwill for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 were as follows: 2022 | 2021
(U.S. $ in thousands)
Balance at January 1, | $ | 65,144 | $ | 35,694
Goodwill acquired | - | 27,092
Measurement period adjustments | - | 2,410
Currency translation adjustments | ( 191 | ) | ( 52 | )
Balance at December 31, | $ | 64,953 | $ | 65,144 (1) In the third quarter of 2020, primarily as a
result of the COVID-19 impact on the global economy and the Company’s business ,
the Company recorded a goodwill impairment charge of $ 386.2 million, the
entire reporting unit's goodwill balance at the time (2) The goodwill balance as of December 31, 2021 and
2022 was acquired as part of Origin, RPS and XAAR acquisitions, see Note 2, and
were allocated as part of Stratasys-Core reporting unit. During the fourth quarter of 2021, the Company
performed its annual impairment test for goodwill impairment. Based on the
Company's qualitative analysis, which considered the Company's market
valuation, its operation results and projections, and the timing of its
goodwill acquisitions, no goodwill was determined to be impaired as of December
31, 2021. Goodwill impairment
assessment for the year ended December 31, 2022 During
the fourth quarter of 2022, the Company noted
that indicators of potential impairment existed which required an interim
goodwill impairment analysis for Stratasys-Core reporting unit. These
indicators included sustained decline in the Company’s market capitalization
during the last quarter, all, primarily as a result of the global economy and the Company’s business. The Company performed a
quantitative assessment for goodwill impairment for its Stratasys-Core reporting unit and concluded that the fair value of Stratasys-Core reporting unit exceeded its carrying amount by approximately 45 % with a carrying amount of goodwill assigned to this reporting unit in the a mount of
$ 65.0 m illion. When evaluating the fair value of
Stratasys-Core reporting unit under the income approach, the Company
used a discounted cash flow model which utilized Level 3 measures that
represent unobservable inputs. Key assumptions used to determine the estimated
fair value include: (a) internal cash flows forecasts for 5 years following the
assessment date, including expected revenue growth, costs to produce, operating
profit margins and estimated capital needs; (b) an estimated terminal value
using a terminal year long-term future growth determined based on
the growth prospects of the reporting unit; and (c) a discount rate which reflects the weighted average cost of capital adjusted for the relevant
risk associated with the Stratasys-Core reporting unit operations
and the uncertainty inherent in the Company's internally developed forecasts. In order to assess the reasonableness
of its cash flow projections used for its goodwill impairment analysis, the
Company compared the aggregate fair value of its reporting units to its market
capitalization and calculated the implied control premium. The Company believes
that its fair value assessment is reasonably supported by its calculated market
capitalization. Actual results may differ from those
assumed in the Company's valuation method. It is reasonably possible that the
Company's assumptions described above could change in future periods. If any of
these were to vary materially from the Company's plans, it may record
impairment of goodwill allocated to this reporting unit in the future. Based on the Company’s assessment as
of December 31, 2022, no goodwill was determined to be impaired. The Company will continue to monitor
the fair value of its Stratasys-Core reporting unit to determine whether
events and changes in circumstances such as further deterioration in the
business climate or operating results, significant decline in the Company's
share price, changes in management’s business strategy or downward changes of
the Company's cash flows projections, warrant further interim impairment
testing. F-37 Table of Contents . STRATASYS LTD NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Note 8. Other Intangible Assets, Net Other intangible assets consisted of the following: December 31, 2022 | December 31, 2021
Carrying Amount, | Net | Carrying Amount, | Net
Net of | Accumulated | Book | Net of | Accumulated | Book
Impairment | Amortization | Value | Impairment | Amortization | Value
U.S. $ in thousands
Developed technology | $ | 387,603 | $ | ( 283,671 | ) | $ | 103,932 | $ | 406,578 | $ | ( 279,037 | ) | $ | 127,541
Patents | 17,508 | ( 8,970 | ) | 8,538 | 16,220 | ( 8,503 | ) | 7,717
Trademarks and trade names | 16,278 | ( 14,030 | ) | 2,248 | 26,055 | ( 22,241 | ) | 3,814
Customer relationships | 93,609 | ( 86,925 | ) | 6,684 | 100,731 | ( 87,559 | ) | 13,172
Capitalized software development costs | 7,066 | ( 7,066 | ) | - | 7,410 | ( 7,410 | ) | -
$ | 522,064 | $ | ( 400,662 | ) | $ | 121,402 | $ | 556,994 | $ | ( 404,750 | ) | $ | 152,244 Amortization expenses Amortization expense relating to intangible assets for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, was approxi mately $ 37.1 million, $ 31.3 million and $ 24.3 million, respectively. As of December 31, 2022, estimated future amortization expense relating to definite life intangible assets for each of the next five years and thereafter were as follows: Estimated amortization expenses
Year ending December 31, | (U.S. $ in thousands)
2023 | 23,409
2024 | 19,343
2025 | 16,851
2026 | 16,765
2027 | 15,797
2028 and thereafter | 29,237
Total | 121,402 During the year ended December 31, 2020, the Company recorded im pairment charges of $ 5.3 million, r elated to its definite life intangible assets. No impairment charges were recorded during 2022 and 2021. F-38 Table of Contents STRATASYS LTD. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Note 9. Income Taxes a. Deferred Tax Assets and Liabilities The components of the Company’s deferred tax assets and liabilities as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 were as follows: December 31,
2022 | 2021
(U.S. $ in thousands)
Deferred tax assets
Tax losses carry forwards | $ | 678,334 | $ | 667,741
Inventory related | 157 | 4,210
Intangible assets | 11,321 | 12,783
Provision for employee related obligations | 927 | 1,186
Stock-based compensation | 10,242 | 9,528
Deferred revenue | 1,575 | 2,257
Property, plant and equipment | 0 | 630
Allowance for credit losses | 66 | 143
Foreign currency losses | 0 | 358
Research and development credit carry forwards | 17,658 | 15,933
Research and development capitalization (including Section 174) | 11,454 | 3,717
Gross deferred tax assets | 731,734 | 718,486
Valuation allowance | ( 699,694 | ) | ( 693,120 | )
Total deferred tax assets | 32,040 | 25,366
Deferred tax liabilities
Intangibles assets | ( 10,988 | ) | ( 12,533 | )
Property, plant and equipment | ( 14,652 | ) | ( 17,991 | )
Basis difference in equity method investment | ( 8,852 | ) | -
Other items | ( 1,903 | ) | ( 882 | )
Total deferred tax liabilities | ( 36,395 | ) | ( 31,406 | )
Net deferred tax assets (liabilities) | $ | ( 4,355 | ) | $ | ( 6,040 | ) The Company’s deferred tax assets and liabilities are classified in the consolidated balance sheets as follows: December 31,
2022 | 2021
(U.S. $ in thousands)
Deferred tax assets (under "Other non-current assets") | $ | 1,283 | $ | 1,301
Deferred tax liabilities | 5,638 | 7,341
Net deferred tax assets (liabilities) | $ | ( 4,355 | ) | $ | ( 6,040 | ) As of Decem ber 31, 2022 and 2021 the Company had tax net
operating losses carry-forward of approximately $ 663.9 million and $ 628.5 million, respectively. In addition, the Company incurred capital losses of $ 2,203.2 million in 2020 due to a legal reorganization of certain entities in the
group. Those tax losses carry-forward resulted in deferred tax assets of
approximat ely
$ 678.3 mil lion and $ 667.7 million, as of December 31, 2022 and 2021,
respectively. As a result of losses incurred in the last few years, and since
the near-term realization of these assets is uncertain, the Company recorded a
full valuation allowance for its deferred tax assets that are not likely to be
realized. F-39 Table of Contents STRATASYS LTD. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Significant judgment is required in
determining any valuation allowance recorded against deferred tax assets. In
assessing the need for a valuation allowance, the Company considered all
available evidence, including past operating results, the most recent
projections for taxable income, and prudent and feasible tax planning
strategies. The Company reassess its valuation allowance periodically and if
future evidence allows for a partial or full release of the valuation
allowance, a tax benefit will be recorded accordingly. A reconciliation of the beginning and ending balances of valuation allowance is as follows: Valuation allowance
U.S. $ in thousands
Balance at January 1, 2020 | $ | 151,771
Additions | 524,215
Decrease | ( 14,007 | )
Balance at December 31, 2020 | 661,979
Additions | 31,141
Balance at December 31, 2021 | 693,120
Additions | 8,788
Decrease | $ | ( 2,214 | )
Balance at December 31, 2022 | $ | 699,694 Included in the net deferred tax are net
operating loss and credit ca rryovers of $ 138.2 mi llion which expire in years
ending from December 31, 2032 through December 31, 2042, whereas some losses
may be carried forward indefinitely, as discussed below On December 22, 2017, the Tax Cuts and
Jobs Act (the “Act”) was enacted into law. The new legislation
represents fundamental and dramatic modifications to the U.S. tax system. The
Act contained several key tax provisions that impacted the Company's U.S. subsidiaries,
including the reduction of the maximum U.S. federal corporate income tax rate
from 35 % to 21 %, effective January 1, 2018. Other significant changes under the
Act included, among others, a one-time repatriation tax on accumulated foreign
earnings, a limitation of net operating loss deduction to 80 % of taxable
income, and indefinite carryover of post-2017 net operating losses. The Act
also repealed the corporate alternative minimum tax for tax years beginning
after December 31, 2017. Losses generated prior to January 1, 2018 will still
be subject to the 20-year carryforward limitation and the alternative minimum
tax. Other impacts due to the Act included the repeal of the domestic
manufacturing deduction, modification of taxation of controlled foreign
corporations, a base erosion anti-abuse tax, modification of interest expense
limitation rules, modification of limitation on deductibility of excessive
executive compensation, and taxation of global intangible low-taxed income. The Act introduced new intangible income
rules, Global Intangible Low-Taxed Income (GILTI) and Foreign Derived
Intangible Income (FDII). The Company has analyzed the impact of GILTI/FDII and
determined that no impact should be recorded due to the U.S. subsidiaries’ net
operating losses. Thus, the Company cannot elect to include these amounts in
the measurement of its deferred taxes under U.S. GAAP. F-40 Table of Contents STRATASYS LTD. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Effective in 2022, the Act requires all U.S. companies
to capitalize, and subsequently amortize R&D expenses that fall within the
scope of Section 174 over five years for research activities conducted in the
United States and over fifteen years for research activities conducted outside
of the United States, rather than deducting such costs in the year incurred for
tax purposes. Although Congress may defer, modify, or repeal this provision,
potentially with retroactive effect, we have no assurance that Congress will
take any action with respect to this provision. As of financial year 2022, we
have accounted for an estimate of the effects of the R&D capitalization,
based on interpretation of the law as currently enacted. To the extent that
this provision is not deferred, modified or repealed, and once our available
Federal NOLs are fully utilized, we would incur an increase in our tax expenses
and a decrease in our cash flows provided by operations. To date, we incurred
immaterial tax expense and corresponding cashflow impact at State level only. On March 27, 2020, the Coronavirus Aid, Relief and
Economic Security Act (the “CARES Act”) was enacted into law in response to the
economic fallout of the COVID-19 pandemic in the United States. Among the
many business-related provisions, some of which related to non-income taxes,
were changes made to net operating losses (NOLs). The CARES Act amended
Internal Revenue Code Section 172(b)(1) for tax years beginning in 2018, 2019
and 2020, requiring taxpayers to carry back NOLs arising in those years to the
five preceding tax years, unless the taxpayer elects to waive or reduce the
carryback period. To the extent unused as a carryback, these NOLs are now
carried forward indefinitely. The CARES Act suspended the Tax Cuts and
Jobs Act’s 80% limitation on NOL deductions for tax years beginning in 2018,
2019 and 2020. The 80% limitation will be reinstated for tax years
beginning after 2020, for NOLs arising in tax years after 2017. The Company believes that all future
profits of its subsidiaries will be indefinitely reinvested or that there is no
expectation to distribute any taxable dividends from these subsidiaries. The determination of the amount of the unrecognized deferred tax liability related to the undistributed earnings is estimated as an immaterial amount. b. Provision for Income Taxes Loss before income taxes for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 was as follows: 2022 | 2021 | 2020
(U.S. $ in thousands)
Domestic | $ | ( 28,725 | ) | $ | ( 50,193 | ) | $ | ( 381,935 | )
Foreign | 10,931 | ( 16,644 | ) | ( 74,636 | )
$ | ( 17,794 | ) | $ | ( 66,837 | ) | $ | ( 456,571 | ) The compo nents of income taxes for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 were as follows: 2022 | 2021 | 2020
(U.S. $ in thousands)
Current
Domestic | $ | 7,301 | $ | ( 14,146 | ) | $ | 4,992
Foreign | 942 | 2,141 | ( 3,902 | )
8,243 | ( 12,005 | ) | 1,090
Deferred
Domestic | ( 1,440 | ) | 8,745 | ( 4,112 | )
Foreign | ( 1,349 | ) | ( 646 | ) | ( 13,372 | )
( 2,789 | ) | 8,099 | ( 17,484 | )
Total income taxes | $ | 5,454 | $ | ( 3,906 | ) | $ | ( 16,394 | ) F-41 Table of Contents STRATASYS LTD. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS A reconciliation of the statutory income tax rate and the effective income tax rate for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 is set forth below: 2022 | 2021 | 2020
Statutory tax rate | 23.0 | % | 23.0 | % | 23.0 | %
Reduced tax rate under Israeli benefit programs | ( 4.3 | ) | 6.2 | ( 1.4 | )
Release of Exempt Profits (see below) | ( 16.0 | ) | - | -
Goodwill impairment | - | - | ( 17.5 | )
Stock-based compensation expense | ( 16.1 | ) | ( 3.5 | ) | ( 0.5 | )
Non-deductible expenses | ( 0.8 | ) | ( 0.1 | ) | -
Earnings taxed under foreign law | 24.7 | 10.8 | ( 4.1 | )
Valuation Allowance | ( 18.6 | ) | ( 42.7 | ) | 3.1
Changes in uncertain tax positions | ( 22.1 | ) | 17.9 | 1
Deferred Tax due to different tax rates | - | ( 6.1 | ) | 0.1
Other | ( 0.5 | ) | 0.3 | ( 0.1 | )
Effective income tax rate | ( 30.7 | )% | 5.8 | % | 3.6 | % Uncertain tax positions Significant judgment is required in
evaluating the Company’s tax positions and determining its provision for income
taxes. During the ordinary course of business, there are many transactions and
calculations for which the ultimate tax determination is uncertain. The Company
establishes reserves for tax-related uncertainties based on estimates of
whether, and the extent to which, additional taxes will be due. These reserves
are established when the Company believes that certain positions might be
challenged despite its belief that its tax return positions are fully
supportable. The Company adjusts these reserves in light of changing facts and
circumstances, such as the outcome of a tax audit or changes in the tax law.
The provision for income taxes includes the impact of reserve provisions and
changes to reserves that are considered appropriate. F-42 Table of Contents STRATASYS LTD. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS A reconciliation of the beginning and ending balance of uncertain tax positions is as follows: 2022 | 2021 | 2020
(U.S. $ in thousands)
Balance at beginning of year | $ | 3,015 | $ | 23,389 | $ | 25,517
Additions for tax positions related to the current year | 4,684 | 3,826 | 312
Foreign currency impact | 181 | 2,918 | 3,017
Decrease related to settlements with tax authorities and lapse of applicable statutes of limitation | ( 500 | ) | ( 26,685 | ) | ( 5,457 | )
Classification to deferred tax assets | ( 1,337 | ) | ( 433 | ) | -
Balance at end of year | $ | 6,043 | $ | 3,015 | $ | 23,389 The Company’s accrual for estimated
interest and penalties was $ 0.3 million as of December 31, 2022. The Company is subject to income taxes in the U.S., various states, Israel and certain other foreign jurisdictions. The Company files income tax returns in various jurisdictions with varying statutes of limitations. Tax returns of Stratasys Inc. submitted in the United States through 2015 tax year are considered to be final following the completion of the Internal Revenue Service examination. Tax returns of Stratasys Ltd. submitted in Israel through the 2019 tax year are considered to be final following the completion of the Israeli Tax Authorities examination upon audit. The expiration of the statute of limitations related to the various other foreign and state income tax returns that the Company and its subsidiaries file vary by state and foreign jurisdictions. c. Basis of taxation: The enacted statutory tax rates applicable to the Company’s major subsidiaries outside of Israel are as follows: Company incorporated in the U.S.— Federal tax rate of approximately 21 %. Company incorporated in Germany—tax rate of approximately 29 %. Company incorporated in Hong Kong—tax rate of approximately 16.5 %. A significant portion of the Company’s income is taxed in Israel. The following is a summary of how the Company’s income is taxed in Israel: Corporate tax rates in Israel for 2018 and thereafter is 23 %. The Company elected to compute its taxable income in accordance with Income Tax Regulations (Rules for Accounting for Foreign Investors Companies and Certain Partnerships and Setting their Taxable Income), 1986. Accordingly, the Company’s taxable income or loss is calculated in U.S. dollars. Applying these regulations reduces the effect of foreign exchange rate fluctuations (of the NIS in relation to the U.S. dollar) on the Company’s Israeli taxable income. F-43 Table of Contents STRATASYS LTD. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Tax benefits under the Israeli Law for the
Encouragement of Industry (Taxation), 1969 The Company is an “Industrial Company” as
defined by the Israeli Law for the Encouragement of Industry (Taxation), 1969,
and, as such, is entitled to certain tax benefits including accelerated
depreciation, deduction of public offering expenses in three equal annual
installments and amortization of other intangible property rights for tax
purposes. Tax benefits under the Law for
Encouragement of Capital Investments, 1959 (the “Investment Law”) Tax incentives programs which were
relevant for the company until financial year 2020 Various industrial projects of the Company
have been granted “Approved Enterprise” and “Beneficiary Enterprise” status,
which provided certain benefits, including tax exemptions for undistributed
income and reduced tax rates. Income not eligible for Approved Enterprise and
Beneficiary Enterprise benefits is taxed at the regular corporate rate, which
was 23 % in 2021. The Company is a Foreign Investors
Company, or FIC, as defined by the Investment Law. FICs are entitled to further
reductions in the tax rate normally applicable to Approved Enterprises and
Beneficiary Enterprises, depending on the level of foreign ownership. When
foreign (non-Israeli) ownership equal or exceeds 90 %, the Approved Enterprise
and Beneficiary Enterprise income is either tax-exempt for a limit period
between two to ten years depending on the location of the enterprise or taxable
at a tax rate of 10 % for a 10 -year period. The Company cannot assure that it
will continue to qualify as a FIC in the future or that the benefits described
herein will be granted in the future. In the event of distribution
of dividends (or deemed distribution, as described below) from the said
tax-exempt income during the tax exemption period as described above, the
amount distributed will be subject to tax in respect of the amount of dividend
distributed (grossed up to reflect such pre-tax income that it would have had
to earn in order to distribute the dividend) at the corporate tax rate that
would have been otherwise applicable if such income had not been tax-exempted
under the alternative benefits program. This rate generally ranges from 10 % to 25 %, depending on the level of foreign investment in the company in each year,
as explained above, Dividends paid out of income attributed to Approved
Enterprise or Beneficiary Enterprise (or out of dividends received from a
company whose income is attributed to an Approved or Beneficiary Enterprise)
are generally subject to withholding tax at the source at the rate of 15 %,
unless a lower rate is provided in a treaty between Israel and the
shareholder’s country of residence (subject to the receipt in advance of a
valid certificate from the Israel Tax Authority allowing for a reduced tax
rate). The 15 % tax rate
is limited to dividends and distributions out of income derived during the
benefits period and actually paid at any time up to 12 years thereafter. After
this period, the withholding tax is applied at a rate of up to 30 %, or at the
lower rate under an applicable tax treaty (subject to the receipt in advance of
a valid certificate from the Israel Tax Authority allowing for a reduced tax
rate). In the case of an FIC, the 12-year limitation on reduced withholding tax
on dividends does not apply. On November 15, 2021, the Investment Law was amended to
reduce the ability of companies to retain the tax-exempt
profits. Effective August 15, 2021, dividend distributions (or deemed distribution, as described below), will
be treated as if made on a pro-rata basis from all types of earnings, including
Exempt Profits (as defined below). In parallel to the above amendment, the Investment Law was amended to provide, on a temporary basis, a reduced
corporate income tax on the distribution or release within a year from such
amendment of tax-exempt profits derived by Approved and Benefited Enterprises,
which we refer to as Exempt Profits. The amount of the reduced tax will be
determined based on a formula. In order to qualify for the reduction, the
Company must invest certain amounts in productive assets and research and
development in Israel. Following recent Israeli court ruling, certain
transactions (such as acquisitions and intercompany loans) may be treated as
deemed dividend distributions for the purpose of the Encouragement Law
triggering corporate tax on the respective amount of the transaction. On November 13, 2022, the Company released an amount
of approximately $ 44.8 million out of its Exempt Profits and accordingly paid
reduced tax of approximately $ 2.9 million. As of December 31, 2022, remaining tax-exempt income
of approximately $ 160.6 million is attributable to the Company’s various
Approved and Beneficiary Enterprise programs. If such tax-exempt income is
distributed, it would be taxed at the reduced corporate tax rate applicable to
such income, and taxes of approximately $ 16.1 million would be incurred as
of December 31, 2022. F-44 Table of Contents STRATASYS LTD. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Tax incentives programs which may be relevant for the company as
of financial year 2021 A January 2011 amendment to the Investment
Law (the “2011 Amendment”) created alternative benefit tracks to those
previously in place, as follows: an investment grants track designed for
enterprises located in certain development zones and two new tax benefits
tracks (“Preferred Enterprise” and “Special Preferred Enterprise”), which
provide for application of a unified tax rate to all preferred income of the
company, as defined in the Investment Law. The 2011 Amendment canceled the
availability of the benefits granted in accordance with the provisions of the
Investment Law prior to 2011 and, instead, introduced new benefits for income
generated by a “Preferred Company” through its "Preferred Enterprise"
(as such terms are defined in the Investment Law) effective as of January 1,
2011 and thereafter. A Preferred Company is defined as either (i) a company
incorporated in Israel which is not wholly owned by a governmental entity, or
(ii) a limited partnership that: (a) was registered under the Israeli
Partnerships Ordinance, and (b) all of its limited partners are companies
incorporated in Israel, but not all of them are governmental entities; which
has, among other things, Preferred Enterprise status and is controlled and
managed from Israel. Pursuant to the 2011 Amendment, a Preferred Company was
entitled to a reduced corporate tax rate of 16 % with respect to its preferred
income attributed to its Preferred Enterprise, unless the Preferred Enterprise
was located in a certain development zone, in which case the rate was 9 %. In
2017 and thereafter, the corporate tax rate for Preferred Enterprise which is
located in a certain development zone was decreased to 7.5 %, while the reduced
corporate tax rate for other development zones remains 16 %. Dividends paid out of preferred income
attributed to a Preferred Enterprise is generally subject to withholding tax at
source at the rate of 20 %, or such lower rate as may be provided in an
applicable tax treaty (subject to the receipt in advance of a valid certificate
from the Israel Tax Authority allowing for a reduced tax rate). However, if
such dividends are paid to an Israeli company, no tax is required to be
withheld (although, if such dividends are subsequently distributed to
individuals or a non-Israeli company, withholding tax at a rate of 20 % or such
lower rate as may be provided in an applicable tax treaty will apply. New Tax benefits under the 2017 Amendment
that became effective on January 1, 2017. The 2017 Amendment was enacted as part of
the Economic Efficiency Law that was published on December 29, 2016, and was
effective as of January 1, 2017. The 2017 Amendment provides new tax benefits
for two types of “Technology Enterprises”, as described below, and is in
addition to the other existing tax beneficial programs under the Investment
Law. The 2017 Amendment provides that a
technology company satisfying certain conditions will qualify as a “Preferred
Technology Enterprise” and will thereby enjoy a reduced corporate tax rate of 12 % on income that qualifies as “Preferred Technology Income,” as defined in
the Investment Law. The tax rate is further reduced to 7.5 % for a Preferred
Technology Enterprise located in development zone A. In addition, a Preferred
Technology Company will enjoy a reduced corporate tax rate of 12 % on capital
gain derived from the sale of certain “Benefitted Intangible Assets” (as
defined in the Investment Law) to a related foreign company if the Benefitted
Intangible Assets were acquired from a foreign company on or after January 1,
2017 for at least NIS 200 million, and the sale receives prior approval
from the Israeli Innovation Authority, to
which we refer as the IIA. The 2017 Amendment further provides that a
technology company satisfying certain conditions will qualify as a “Special
Preferred Technology Enterprise” and will thereby enjoy a reduced corporate tax
rate of 6 % on “Preferred Technology Income” regardless of the company’s
geographic location within Israel. In addition, a Special Preferred Technology
Enterprise will enjoy a reduced corporate tax rate of 6 % on capital gain
derived from the sale of certain “Benefitted Intangible Assets” to a related
foreign company if the Benefitted Intangible Assets were either developed by an
Israeli company or acquired from a foreign company on or after January 1, 2017,
and the sale received prior approval from the IIA. A Special Preferred
Technology Enterprise that acquires Benefitted Intangible Assets from a foreign
company for more than NIS 500 million will be eligible for these benefits for
at least ten years , subject to certain approvals as specified in the Investment
Law F-45 Table of Contents STRATASYS LTD. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Dividends distributed by a Preferred
Technology Enterprise or a Special Preferred Technology Enterprise, paid out of
Preferred Technology Income, are generally subject to withholding tax at source
at the rate of 20 % or such lower rate as may be provided in an applicable tax
treaty (subject to the receipt in advance of a valid certificate from the Israel
Tax Authority allowing for a reduced tax rate). However, if such dividends are
paid to an Israeli company, no tax is required to be withheld. If such
dividends are distributed to a foreign company and other conditions are met,
the withholding tax rate will be 4 %. In 2021, the Company noticed the Israeli tax
authorities that it waived the Approved / Beneficiary Enterprise regime
starting from tax year 2021. The Company is currently considering its
qualification for the 2017 amendment and the term and degree to which it may be
qualified as a Preferred Technology Enterprise or Special Preferred Technology
Enterprise. Note 10. Contingencies The Company is a party to various legal proceedings, the outcome of which, in the opinion of management, will not have a significant adverse effect on the financial position, profitability or cash flows of the Company. Note 11. Equity a. Share capital The Company’s issued share capital is composed of ordinary shares NIS 0.01 par value per share. Ordinary shares confer upon their holders the right to receive notice to participate and vote in general meetings of the Company, and the right to receive dividends if declared. The Company’s ordinary shares are traded in the United States on the Nasdaq Global Select Market under the ticker symbol “SSYS”. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were 67,086 thousand ordinary shares and 65,677 thousand ordinary shares issued and outstanding, respectively. The increase in the outstanding and issued ordinary shares during 2022 was attributable to exercises of stock options and RSUs under the Company’s stock-based compensation plans (including its ESPP). During 2022 the reserve pool under 2022 plan was increased by 1.5 million shares. b. Stock-based compensation plans The Stratasys Ltd. 2012 Omnibus Equity Incentive Plan (the “2012 Plan”), which became effective upon closing of the Stratasys-Core merger, provides for the grant of options, restricted shares, RSUs, PSUs and other share-based awards to the Company’s and its subsidiaries’ respective directors, employees, officers, consultants, and to any other person whose services are considered valuable to the Company or any of its affiliates. Under the 2012 plan, options, RSUs and PSUs generally have a contractual term of ten years from the grant date. Options granted become exercisable and RSUs are vested over the requisite service period, which is normally a four-year period beginning on the grant date, subject to continued service to the Company. PSUs are vested only upon the achievement of certain pre-determined performance metrics. Once the performance metrics are met, vesting of PSUs is subject to continued service to the Company over the requisite service period, which is normally a two-year to four-year period. The 2012 Plan expired
pursuant to its own terms in September 2022. As
of December 31, 2022, there were an aggregate of 9,041,427 ordinary shares subject
to outstanding awards under the 2012 Plan, and no further shares available for
future equity awards under the 2012 plan, as all remaining shares under the
plan were transferred to the new 2022 Plan (as described below) upon the
expiration of the 2012 Plan. All outstanding awards under the 2012 Plan
continue to remain subject to the terms of the 2012 Plan, but upon
cancellation, forfeiture or expiration of any such awards for any reason, the
underlying shares will be automatically transferred and added to the pool of
shares available for issuance under the 2022 Plan. F-46 Table of Contents STRATASYS LTD. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS The Stratasys Ltd. 2022 Share Incentive
Plan (the “2022 Plan”) became effective upon approval by the Company’s
shareholders at the Company’s 2022 annual general meeting of shareholders that
took place on September 15, 2022. The 2022 Plan provides for the grant of
options, restricted shares, RSUs, PSUs and other share-based awards to the
Company’s and its subsidiaries’ respective directors, employees, officers, consultants,
and to any other person whose services are considered valuable to the Company
or any of its affiliates. Under the 2022 plan, options, RSUs and PSUs generally
have a contractual term of ten years from the grant date. Options granted
become exercisable and RSUs are vested over the requisite service period, which
is normally a four-year period beginning on the grant date, subject to
continued service to the Company. PSUs are vested only upon the achievement of
certain pre-determined performance metrics. Once the performance metric s are
met, vesting of PSUs is subject to continued service to the Company over the
requisite service period, which is normally a two-year to four-year period. As of December 31, 2022, 1,296,494 ordinary shares
were subject to existing awards under the 2022 Plan, and an additional 277,506 ordinary shares were available for future equity awards under the
2022 plan. As of December 31, 2022, $ 1.5 million shares were available for future equity awards under the 2022 plan. Stock options A summary of the stock option activity for the year ended December 31, 2022 is as follows: Number of Options | Weighted Average Exercise Price
Options outstanding as of December 31, 2021 | 1,732,368 | $ | 28.85
Granted | 78,740 | 13.59
Exercised | ( 26,362 | ) | 10.04
Forfeited | ( 165,187 | ) | 36.68
Options outstanding as of December 31, 2022 | 1,619,559 | $ | 27.62
Options exercisable as of December 31, 2022 | 1,238,659 | $ | 31.25 The following table summarizes information about stock options outstanding at December 31, 2022: Options Outstanding | Options Exercisable
Outstanding | Weighted- Average | Weighted- | Exercisable | Weighted-
options at | Remaining | Average | options at | Average
Range of | December 31, | Contractual | Exercise | December 31, | Exercise
Exercise Prices | 2022 | Life in Years | Price | 2022 | Price
$ | 3.52 | - | $ | 19.61 | 464,419 | 7.68 | $ | 15.28 | 83,519 | $ | 18.94
$ | 19.66 | - | $ | 22.47 | 688,434 | 4.67 | 20.36 | 688,434 | 20.36
$ | 23.41 | - | $ | 114.11 | 466,480 | 2.57 | 49.48 | 466,480 | 49.48
$ | 120.51 | - | $ | 120.51 | 226 | 0.94 | 120.51 | 226 | 120.51
1,619,559 | 4.93 | $ | 27.31 | 1,238,659 | $ | 31.25
Aggregate intrinsic value (U.S. $ in thousands) | $ | 46 | $ | 28 As of December 31, 2022, the weighted-average remaining contractual life of exercisable options was 4.1 years. The total intrinsic value of options exercised during 2022, 2021 and 2020 was approximately $0 .3 million, $ 5.19 million and $ 0.04 million, respectively. F-47 Table of Contents STRATASYS LTD. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS The Company used the Black-Scholes option-pricing model to determine the fair value of options granted during 2022, 2021 and 2020. The following assumptions were applied in determining the options’ fair value on their grant date: 2022 | 2021 | 2020
Risk-free interest rate | 0.4 %- 3.9 % | 0.4 %- 1.3 % | 0.4 %- 1.8 %
Expected option term (years) | 5.0 - 5.5 | 5.0 - 5.1 | 5.0 - 5.1
Expected share price volatility | 52.8 %- 61.4 % | 52.8 %- 58.7 % | 52.5 %- 52.8 %
Dividend yield | - | - | -
Weighted average grant date fair value | $ 11.36 | $ 14.99 | 8.09 As of December 31, 2022, the Company had 0.4 million unvested options. As of December 31, 2022, the unrecognized compensation cost related to all unvested, equity-classified stock options of $ 1.4 million is expected to be recognized as an expense on a straight-line basis over a weighted-average period of 2.1 years. Restricted Stock Units and Performance Stock Units A summary of the Company’s RSUs and PSUs activity for the year ended December 31, 2022 is as follows: Number of RSUs and PSUs | Weighted Average Grant Date Fair Value
Unvested RSUs and PSUs outstanding as of December 31, 2021 | 3,082,798 | $ | 26.36
Granted | 2,178,650 | 21.21
Vested | ( 1,122,041 | ) | 24.86
Forfeited | ( 643,308 | ) | 24.46
Unvested RSUs and PSUs outstanding as of December 31, 2022 | 3,496,099 | $ | 23.98 The total vesting-date value of equity classified RSUs vested during 2022 was $ 24.8 million. As of December 31, 2022, the unrecognized compensation cost related to all unvested equity classified RSUs and PSUs of $ 54.3 million is expected to be recognized as an expense on a straight-line basis over a weighted-average period of 2.2 years. F-48 Table of Contents STRATASYS LTD. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Stock-based compensation expense for stock options and equity classified RSUs included in the Company’s Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Loss were allocated as follows: 2022 | 2021 | 2020
(U.S. $ in thousands)
Cost of revenues | $ | 4,082 | $ | 3,093 | $ | 1,771
Research and development, net | 7,113 | 6,564 | 6,102
Selling, general and administrative | 22,266 | 21,320 | 12,331
Total stock-based compensation expenses | $ | 33,461 | $ | 30,977 | $ | 20,204 Employee Stock Purchase Plan On October 2021, the Company adopted
the 2021 Employee Stock Purchase Plan (the “ESPP”). As of December 31, 2022, the
maximum aggregate number of ordinary shares that may be purchased initially
under the ESPP will be 5,200,000 shares. The ESPP is implemented through an
offering every six months. According to the ESPP, eligible employees may use up
to 15 % of their salaries to purchase ordinary shares. The price of an ordinary
share purchased under the ESPP is equal to 85 % of the lower of the fair market
value of the ordinary share on the beginning of each offering period or on the
purchase date. As of December 31, 2022, 249,750 shares of common stock had been purchased under the ESPP. As of December 31, 2022, 4,950,250 shares of common stock are available for future issuance under the ESPP. In accordance with ASC Topic 718, the ESPP is considered
compensatory and, as such, results in recognition of stock-based compensation
expenses. c. Accumulated other comprehensive loss The following tables present the changes in the components of accumulated other comprehensive loss, net of taxes for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020: Year ended December 31, 2022
Net unrealized gain (loss) on cash flow hedges | Foreign currency translation adjustments | Total
U.S. $ in thousands
Balance as of January 1, 2022 | $ | 1,572 | $ | ( 10,343 | ) | $ | ( 8,771 | )
Other comprehensive loss before reclassifications | ( 1,566 | ) | ( 2,176 | ) | ( 3,742 | )
Amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive loss | ( 305 | ) | - | ( 305 | )
Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax | ( 1,871 | ) | ( 2,176 | ) | ( 4,047 | )
Balance as of December 31, 2022 | $ | ( 299 | ) | $ | ( 12,519 | ) | $ | ( 12,818 | ) F-49 Table of Contents STRATASYS LTD. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Year ended December 31, 2021
Net unrealized gain (loss) on cash flow hedges | Foreign currency translation adjustments | Total
U.S. $ in thousands
Balance as of January 1, 2021 | $ | ( 1,673 | ) | $ | ( 7,173 | ) | $ | ( 8,846 | )
Other comprehensive loss before reclassifications | 3,668 | ( 2,603 | ) | 1,065
Amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive loss | ( 423 | ) | ( 567 | ) | ( 990 | )
Other comprehensive income (loss) | 3,245 | ( 3,170 | ) | 75
Balance as of December 31, 2021 | $ | 1,572 | $ | ( 10,343 | ) | $ | ( 8,771 | ) Year ended December 31, 2020
Net unrealized gain (loss) on cash flow hedges | Foreign currency translation adjustments | Total
U.S. $ in thousands
Balance as of January 1, 2020 | $ | ( 10 | ) | $ | ( 7,706 | ) | $ | ( 7,716 | )
Other comprehensive loss before reclassifications | ( 1,024 | ) | 533 | ( 490 | )
Amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive loss | ( 639 | ) | - | ( 639 | )
Other comprehensive income (loss) | ( 1,663 | ) | 533 | ( 1,130 | )
Balance as of December 31, 2020 | $ | ( 1,673 | ) | $ | ( 7,173 | ) | $ | ( 8,846 | ) d. Rights plan On July 24, 2022, the Company’s Board of Directors adopted a rights plan (the “Rights Plan”) to protect the interests of the Company’s shareholders. Each Right entitles the registered holder thereof to purchase from the Company one Ordinary Share at a price of $ 0.01 per share, subject to adjustment, once the Rights become exercisable, and subject to the exercise terms and conditions thereof described in the Rights Agreement. The rights would become exercisable only if an entity, person, or group acquires beneficial ownership of 15 % or more of the Company’s outstanding ordinary shares in a transaction not approved by the Company’s Board of Directors. The Rights Plan has a 364-day term, expiring on July 24, 2023. The adoption of the Rights Plan is intended to protect the long-term interests of Stratasys and all Stratasys shareholders. The Rights Plan is designed to reduce the likelihood that any entity, person, or group would gain control of, or significant influence over, Stratasys through the open-market accumulation of the Company’s shares without appropriately compensating all Stratasys shareholders for control. The Rights Plan will encourage anyone seeking to gain a significant interest in Stratasys to negotiate directly with the Board prior to attempting to control or significantly influence the Company. Further to those goals, the Rights may cause substantial dilution to a person or group that acquires 15 % or more of the ordinary shares of the Company or any existing holder of 15 % or more of the Ordinary Shares who shall acquire any additional Ordinary Shares. F-50 Table of Contents STRATASYS LTD. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS e. Public offering of ordinary shares During March 2021, the Company completed
a public offering of its ordinary shares in an amount of $ 218.9 million, net of $ 11.1 million underwriting discounts and offering expenses. The total number of
shares sold by the Company in the public offering was 7,931,034 . The Company recorded a deferred tax asset in respect of a tax benefit,
arising from the underwriting discounts and offering expenses, as an increase
to Additional Paid-In Capital. Note 12. Derivatives and Hedging Activities The Company carries out transactions involving foreign currency exchange derivative financial instruments. The transactions are designed to hedge the Company’s exposure to change in relative value of currencies other than the U.S. dollar. The Company is primarily exposed to foreign exchange risk with respect to recognized assets and liabilities and forecasted transactions denominated in the New Israeli Shekel (“NIS”) and, the Euro. Gains and losses on the hedging instruments offset losses and gains on the hedged items. The following table summarizes the consolidated balance sheets classification and fair values of the Company’s derivative instruments: Fair Value | Notional Amount
December 31, | December 31,
Balance sheet location | 2022 | 2021 | 2022 | 2021
(U.S. $ in thousands)
Assets derivatives -Foreign exchange contracts, not designated as hedging instruments | Other current assets | $ | 159 | $ | 82 | $ | 101,733 | $ | 12,380
Assets derivatives -Foreign exchange contracts, designated as cash flow hedge | Other current assets | 3 | 910 | 4,900 | 60,408
Liability derivatives -Foreign exchange contracts, not designated as hedging instruments | Accrued expenses and other current liabilities | ( 38 | ) | ( 89 | ) | 16,751 | 33,047
Liability derivatives -Foreign exchange contracts, designated as cash flow hedge | Accrued expenses and other current liabilities | ( 1,640 | ) | ( 60 | ) | 72,273 | 26,320
$ | ( 1,516 | ) | $ | 843 | $ | 195,657 | $ | 132,155 Foreign exchange contracts not designated as hedging instruments As of December 31, 2022, the notional amounts of the Company’s outstanding exchange forward contracts, not designated as hedging instruments, were $ 118.5 million and were used to reduce foreign currency exposures of the Euro, New Israeli Shekel (the “NIS”),British Pound, Japanese Yen, Korean Won and Chinese Yuan. With respect to such derivatives, gain of $ 2.1 million and gain of $ 2.9 million were recognized under financial income (expenses) , net for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 202 1, respectively. Such gains partially offset the revaluation losses of the balance sheet items, which are also recognized under financial income (expenses), net. F-51 Table of Contents STRATASYS LTD. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Cash Flow Hedging—Hedges of Forecasted Foreign Currency Payroll and other operating expenses As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had in effect foreign exchange forward contracts for the conversion of $ 64.4 million and $ 32.1 million , respectively, into NIS. These foreign exchange forward contracts were designated as cash flow hedge for accounting purposes. The Company uses short-term cash flow hedge contracts to reduce its exposure to variability in expected future cash flows resulting mainly from payroll costs denominated in New Israeli Shekels. The changes in fair value of those contracts are included in the Company’s accumulated other comprehensive loss. Cash Flow Hedging—Hedges of Forecasted Foreign Currency Revenue The Company transact business in U.S. Dollars and in various other currencies. The Company may use foreign exchange or forward contracts to hedge certain cash flow exposures resulting from changes in these foreign currency exchange rates. These foreign exchange contracts, carried at fair value, have maturities of up to twelve months. The Company enters into these foreign exchange contracts to hedge a portion of its forecasted foreign currency denominated revenue in the normal course of business and accordingly, they are not speculative in nature. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had in effect foreign exchange forward contracts, designated as cash flow hedge for accounting purposes, for the conversion of Euro 12.7 million into dollars . To receive hedge accounting treatment, all hedging relationships are formally documented at the inception of the hedge, and the hedges must be highly effective in offsetting changes to future cash flows on hedged transactions. The Company record changes in fair value of these cash flow hedges in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) in its consolidated balance sheets, until the forecasted transaction occurs. When the forecasted transaction occurs, we reclassify the related gain or loss to revenue. In the event the underlying forecasted transaction does not occur, or it becomes probable that it will not occur, t he Company reclassifies the gain or loss on the related cash flow hedge from accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) to the same statement of operations line item as the hedged item. If t he Company does not elect hedge accounting, or the contract does not qualify for hedge accounting treatment, the changes in fair value from period to period are recorded under financial income (expenses), net . F-52 Table of Contents STRATASYS LTD. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Revenues | Cost of revenues | Research and development, net | Selling, general and administrative | Financial expenses (income), net | Other comprehensive income (loss)
December 31, | December 31, | December 31, | December 31, | December 31, | December 31,
2022 | 2021 | 2022 | 2021 | 2022 | 2021 | 2022 | 2021 | 2022 | 2021 | 2022 | 2021
(U.S. $ in thousands)
Line items in which effects of hedges are recorded | $ | ( 651,483 | ) | ( 607,219 | ) | $ | 375,016 | $ | 347,141 | $ | 92,876 | $ | 88,303 | $ | 240,750 | $ | 250,937 | $ | ( 229 | ) | $ | 2,075 | $ | ( 4,047 | ) | $ | 75
Foreign exchange contracts designated as a hedging instrument | 3,625 | 914 | 243 | ( 243 | ) | 950 | ( 398 | ) | 1,941 | ( 696 | ) | - | - | ( 1,566 | ) | 3,245
Foreign exchange contracts not designated as a hedging instrument | - | - | - | - | - | - | - | - | ( 2,125 | ) | ( 2,870 | ) | - | - Note 13. Entity-Wide Disclosure Revenues by geographic area for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 were as follows*: Year ended December 31,
2022 | 2021 | 2020
(U.S. $ in thousands)
Americas (primarily the United States) | $ | 415,428 | $ | 388,323 | $ | 343,477
EMEA | 141,660 | 130,296 | 101,584
Asia Pacific | 94,395 | 88,600 | 75,756
$ | 651,483 | $ | 607,219 | $ | 520,817 * | Revenues are attributed to geographic areas based on the location of customer. No single customer accounted for 10 % or more of Company’s total revenues, or Company’s net accounts receivable, in any fiscal year presented. F-53 Table of Contents STRATASYS LTD. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Property, plant and equipment and right-of-use assets of lessees by geographical area were as follows: Year ended December 31,
2022 | 2021
Americas (primarily the United States) | $ | 63,158 | $ | 46,456
EMEA | 146,208 | 162,576
Asia Pacific | 3,819 | 8,914
$ | 213,185 | $ | 217,946 Property, plant and equipment that were located in Israel amounted to $ 130.6 million and $ 136.4 million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively and are included under the EMEA region in the above table. Right-of-use assets of less ees that were located in Israel amounted to$ 1.0 million and $ 1.4 mil lion for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 respectively and are included under the EMEA region in the above table. Note 14. Net loss per Share The following table presents the computation of basic and diluted net loss per share: Year ended December 31,
2022 | 2021 | 2020
(In thousands, except per share amounts)
Numerator:
Net loss attributable to Stratasys Ltd. for basic and diluted net loss per share | $ | ( 28,974 | ) | $ | ( 61,982 | ) | $ | ( 443,721 | )
Denominator:
Weighted average shares – denominator for basic and diluted net loss per share | 66,491 | 63,471 | 54,918
Net loss per share Basic and diluted | $ | ( 0.44 | ) | $ | ( 0.98 | ) | $ | ( 8.08 | ) The computation of diluted net loss per share for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 excluded share awards o f 5.1 million, 4 .8 million and 4.9 million, respectively, because their inclusion would have had an anti-dilutive effect on the diluted net loss per share. F-54 Table of Contents STRATASYS LTD. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Note 15. Leases The Company’s o perating lease expenses are recognized on a straight-line basis. Operating lease cost for the years ende d December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, were as follows: December 31,
2022 | 2021 | 2020
(U.S. $ in thousands)
Operating lease cost:
Fixed payments and variable payments that depend on an index or rate | $ | 8,951 | $ | 10,196 | $ | 10,102
Total operating lease cost | $ | 8,951 | $ | 10,196 | $ | 10,102 Cash flow and other information related to operating leases were as follows: December 31,
2022 | 2021 | 2020
(U.S. $ in thousands)
Cash paid for amounts included in the measurement of lease liabilities | $ | 8,372 | $ | 9,829 | $ | 10,559
Right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for new operating lease liabilities | $ | 12,057 | $ | 5,955 | $ | 10,008 December 31,
2022 | 2021 | 2020
Weighted-average remaining lease term — operating leases | 4.11 years | 2.59 years | 3.00 years
Weighted-average discount rate — operating leases | 4.17 | % | 4.58 | % | 4.78 | % Maturities of operating lease liabilities were as follows: December 31,
2022
(U.S. $ in thousands)
2023 | $ | 7,561
2024 | 4,430
2025 | 2,180
2026 | 1,678
2027 and thereafter | 2,879
Total operating lease payments | 18,728
Less: imputed interest | ( 889 | )
Present value of lease liabilities | $ | 17,839 F-55 Table of Contents ​ ITEM 19. EXHIBITS. Exhibit
Number | Document Description
1.1 | Amended and Restated Articles of Association of Stratasys Ltd. (1)
1.2 | Memorandum of Association of Stratasys Ltd. (formerly known as Objet Ltd.) (2)
2.1 | Specimen ordinary share certificate of Stratasys Ltd. (3)
2.2 | Description of ordinary shares of Stratasys Ltd*
4.1 | Stratasys Ltd. 2022 Share Incentive Plan, as amended (4)
4.2 | Stratasys Ltd. 2012 Omnibus Equity Incentive Plan, as amended*
4.3 | Stratasys Ltd. 2021 Employee Share Purchase Plan (5)
4.4 | Form of Indemnification Agreement by and between Stratasys Ltd. (formerly known as Objet Ltd.) and each of its directors and executive officers (6)
4.5 | OEM Purchase and License Agreement,effective as of May 5, 2011, by and between Stratasys Ltd. (formerly known as Objet Geometries Ltd.) and RicohPrinting Systems America, Inc. (7)
4.6 | Assignment, dated June 1, 1994, from S. Scott Crump, James W. Comb, William R. Priedeman, Jr., and Robert Zinniel to Stratasys, Inc. (a subsidiary of Stratasys Ltd.) with respect to a patent application for a process and apparatus of support removal for three-dimensional modeling (8)
4.7 | Stratasys Ltd. Compensation Policy for Executive Officers and Directors (9)
4.8 | Employment Agreement, effective as of February 18, 2020, by and between Stratasys Ltd. and Yoav Zeif (10)
8.1 | Subsidiary List of Stratasys Ltd.*
12.1 | Certificate of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a)/Rule 15d-14(a) under the Exchange Act*
12.2 | Certificate of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a)/Rule 15d-14(a) under the Exchange Act*
13 | Certification of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(b)/Rule 15d-14(b) under the Exchange Act and 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002*
15.1 | Consent of Kesselman & Kesselman, a member firm of PricewaterhouseCoopers International Limited, an independent registered public accounting firm*
101 | The following financial information from Stratasys Ltd.’s Annual Report on Form 20-F for the year ended December 31, 2022 formatted in XBRL (eXtensible Business Reporting Language): (i) Consolidated Balance Sheets at December 31, 2022 and 2021; (ii) Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020; (iii) Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020; (iv) Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020; and (v) Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, tagged as blocks of text.
104 | Cover Page Interactive Data File 145 Table of Contents (1) | Incorporated by reference to Appendix A to the registrant’s proxy statement for its February 3, 2015 extraordinary general meeting of shareholders, attached as Exhibit 99.1 to the registrant’s report of foreign private issuer on Form 6-K furnished to the SEC on January 6, 2015
(2) | Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the registrant’s registration statement on Form F-4, SEC File No. 333-182025, filed with the SEC on June 8, 2012
(3) | Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to Amendment No. 3 to the registrant’s registration statement on Form F-4, SEC File No. 333-182025, filed with the SEC on August 6, 2012
(4) | Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.1 to the registrant’s report of foreign private issuer on Form 6-K furnished to the SEC on August 26, 2022 (5) | Incorporated by reference to Appendix A to the registrant’s proxy statement for its 2021 annual general meeting of shareholders, attached as Exhibit 99.2 to the registrant’s report of foreign private issuer on Form 6-K furnished to the SEC on October 13, 2021
(6) | Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 to the registrant’s registration statement on Form F-4, SEC File No. 333- 182025, filed with the SEC on June 8, 2012
(7) | Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.10 to the registrant’s registration statement on Form F-4, SEC File No. 333-182025, filed with the SEC on June 8, 2012
(8) | Incorporated by reference to Amendment No. 1 to Stratasys, Inc.’s registration statement on Form SB-2 (SEC File No. 333-99108) filed with the SEC on December 20, 1995
(9) | Incorporated by reference to Appendix B to the registrant’s proxy statement for its 2021 annual general meeting of shareholders, attached as Exhibit 99.2 to the registrant’s report of foreign private issuer on Form 6-K furnished to the SEC on October 13, 2021
(10) | Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.8 to the registrant’s annual report on Form 20-F for the year ended December 31, 2019, filed with the SEC on February 26, 2020 *Filed herewith # Portions of this exhibit have been omitted and filed separately with the SEC pursuant to a confidential treatment request. 146 Table of Contents SIGNATURES The registrant hereby certifies that it meets all of the requirements for filing on Form 20-F and that it has duly caused and authorized the undersigned to sign this annual report filed on its behalf. STRATASYS LTD.
/s/ Yoav Zeif
Yoav Zeif
Chief Executive Officer
March 3, 2023 147 Table of Contents 180000000 180000000 65677000 65677000 67086000 67086000 0.01 0.01 0.44 0.98 8.08 54918 63471 66491000 Includes $25.2 million and $21.1 million under long term deferred revenue in the Company's consolidated balance sheets as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. Includes $14.6 million and $2.4 million under Accrued expenses and other current liabilities in the Company's consolidated balance sheets as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. 300000 Revenues are attributed to geographic areas based on the location of customer. 54918 63471 66491000 0.44 0.98 8.08 4800000 false FY 0001517396 0001517396 2022-01-01 2022-12-31 0001517396 dei:BusinessContactMember 2022-01-01 2022-12-31 0001517396 2022-12-31 0001517396 2021-12-31 0001517396 us-gaap:ProductMember 2022-01-01 2022-12-31 0001517396 us-gaap:ProductMember 2021-01-01 2021-12-31 0001517396 us-gaap:ProductMember 2020-01-01 2020-12-31 0001517396 ssys:ServicesMember 2022-01-01 2022-12-31 0001517396 ssys:ServicesMember 2021-01-01 2021-12-31 0001517396 ssys:ServicesMember 2020-01-01 2020-12-31 0001517396 2021-01-01 2021-12-31 0001517396 2020-01-01 2020-12-31 0001517396 us-gaap:CommonStockMember 2019-12-31 0001517396 us-gaap:AdditionalPaidInCapitalMember 2019-12-31 0001517396 us-gaap:RetainedEarningsMember 2019-12-31 0001517396 us-gaap:AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossDerivativeQualifyingAsHedgeExcludedComponentIncludingPortionAttributableToNoncontrollingInterestMember 2019-12-31 0001517396 2019-12-31 0001517396 us-gaap:CommonStockMember 2020-01-01 2020-12-31 0001517396 us-gaap:AdditionalPaidInCapitalMember 2020-01-01 2020-12-31 0001517396 us-gaap:RetainedEarningsMember 2020-01-01 2020-12-31 0001517396 us-gaap:AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossDerivativeQualifyingAsHedgeExcludedComponentIncludingPortionAttributableToNoncontrollingInterestMember 2020-01-01 2020-12-31 0001517396 us-gaap:CommonStockMember 2020-12-31 0001517396 us-gaap:AdditionalPaidInCapitalMember 2020-12-31 0001517396 us-gaap:RetainedEarningsMember 2020-12-31 0001517396 us-gaap:AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossDerivativeQualifyingAsHedgeExcludedComponentIncludingPortionAttributableToNoncontrollingInterestMember 2020-12-31 0001517396 2020-12-31 0001517396 us-gaap:CommonStockMember 2021-01-01 2021-12-31 0001517396 us-gaap:AdditionalPaidInCapitalMember 2021-01-01 2021-12-31 0001517396 us-gaap:RetainedEarningsMember 2021-01-01 2021-12-31 0001517396 us-gaap:AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossDerivativeQualifyingAsHedgeExcludedComponentIncludingPortionAttributableToNoncontrollingInterestMember 2021-01-01 2021-12-31 0001517396 us-gaap:CommonStockMember 2021-12-31 0001517396 us-gaap:AdditionalPaidInCapitalMember 2021-12-31 0001517396 us-gaap:RetainedEarningsMember 2021-12-31 0001517396 us-gaap:AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossDerivativeQualifyingAsHedgeExcludedComponentIncludingPortionAttributableToNoncontrollingInterestMember 2021-12-31 0001517396 us-gaap:CommonStockMember 2022-01-01 2022-12-31 0001517396 us-gaap:AdditionalPaidInCapitalMember 2022-01-01 2022-12-31 0001517396 us-gaap:RetainedEarningsMember 2022-01-01 2022-12-31 0001517396 us-gaap:AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossDerivativeQualifyingAsHedgeExcludedComponentIncludingPortionAttributableToNoncontrollingInterestMember 2022-01-01 2022-12-31 0001517396 us-gaap:CommonStockMember 2022-12-31 0001517396 us-gaap:AdditionalPaidInCapitalMember 2022-12-31 0001517396 us-gaap:RetainedEarningsMember 2022-12-31 0001517396 us-gaap:AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossDerivativeQualifyingAsHedgeExcludedComponentIncludingPortionAttributableToNoncontrollingInterestMember 2022-12-31 0001517396 srt:MinimumMember us-gaap:BuildingMember 2022-01-01 2022-12-31 0001517396 srt:MaximumMember us-gaap:BuildingMember 2022-01-01 2022-12-31 0001517396 srt:MinimumMember us-gaap:MachineryAndEquipmentMember 2022-01-01 2022-12-31 0001517396 srt:MaximumMember us-gaap:MachineryAndEquipmentMember 2022-01-01 2022-12-31 0001517396 srt:MinimumMember us-gaap:BuildingImprovementsMember 2022-01-01 2022-12-31 0001517396 srt:MaximumMember us-gaap:BuildingImprovementsMember 2022-01-01 2022-12-31 0001517396 srt:MinimumMember us-gaap:ComputerEquipmentMember 2022-01-01 2022-12-31 0001517396 srt:MaximumMember us-gaap:ComputerEquipmentMember 2022-01-01 2022-12-31 0001517396 srt:MinimumMember ssys:OfficeEquipmentFurnitureAndFixturesMember 2022-01-01 2022-12-31 0001517396 srt:MaximumMember ssys:OfficeEquipmentFurnitureAndFixturesMember 2022-01-01 2022-12-31 0001517396 srt:MinimumMember us-gaap:DevelopedTechnologyRightsMember 2022-01-01 2022-12-31 0001517396 srt:MaximumMember us-gaap:DevelopedTechnologyRightsMember 2022-01-01 2022-12-31 0001517396 us-gaap:PatentsMember 2022-01-01 2022-12-31 0001517396 srt:MinimumMember us-gaap:TradeNamesMember 2022-01-01 2022-12-31 0001517396 srt:MaximumMember us-gaap:TradeNamesMember 2022-01-01 2022-12-31 0001517396 srt:MinimumMember us-gaap:CustomerRelationshipsMember 2022-01-01 2022-12-31 0001517396 srt:MaximumMember us-gaap:CustomerRelationshipsMember 2022-01-01 2022-12-31 0001517396 us-gaap:DevelopedTechnologyRightsMember 2022-01-01 2022-12-31 0001517396 ssys:Xaar3DLtdMember 2019-10-01 2019-12-31 0001517396 ssys:Xaar3DLtdMember 2022-01-01 2022-12-31 0001517396 ssys:Xaar3DLtdMember 2021-11-01 0001517396 2021-10-25 2021-11-01 0001517396 ssys:LpwTechnologyMember 2022-01-01 2022-12-31 0001517396 2021-02-01 2021-02-16 0001517396 2022-08-01 2022-08-31 0001517396 srt:MinimumMember 2022-01-01 2022-12-31 0001517396 srt:MaximumMember 2022-01-01 2022-12-31 0001517396 ssys:MarketableEquityInvestmentMember 2022-12-31 0001517396 2020-06-02 0001517396 2020-06-01 2020-06-02 0001517396 ssys:Xaar3DLtdMember 2022-12-31 0001517396 2022-01-01 2022-01-25 0001517396 2021-01-01 2021-01-25 0001517396 ssys:SystemsMember srt:AmericasMember 2022-01-01 2022-12-31 0001517396 ssys:SystemsMember srt:AmericasMember 2021-01-01 2021-12-31 0001517396 ssys:SystemsMember srt:AmericasMember 2020-01-01 2020-12-31 0001517396 ssys:ConsumablesMember srt:AmericasMember 2022-01-01 2022-12-31 0001517396 ssys:ConsumablesMember srt:AmericasMember 2021-01-01 2021-12-31 0001517396 ssys:ConsumablesMember srt:AmericasMember 2020-01-01 2020-12-31 0001517396 us-gaap:ServiceMember srt:AmericasMember 2022-01-01 2022-12-31 0001517396 us-gaap:ServiceMember srt:AmericasMember 2021-01-01 2021-12-31 0001517396 us-gaap:ServiceMember srt:AmericasMember 2020-01-01 2020-12-31 0001517396 srt:AmericasMember 2022-01-01 2022-12-31 0001517396 srt:AmericasMember 2021-01-01 2021-12-31 0001517396 srt:AmericasMember 2020-01-01 2020-12-31 0001517396 ssys:SystemsMember us-gaap:EMEAMember 2022-01-01 2022-12-31 0001517396 ssys:SystemsMember us-gaap:EMEAMember 2021-01-01 2021-12-31 0001517396 ssys:SystemsMember us-gaap:EMEAMember 2020-01-01 2020-12-31 0001517396 ssys:ConsumablesMember us-gaap:EMEAMember 2022-01-01 2022-12-31 0001517396 ssys:ConsumablesMember us-gaap:EMEAMember 2021-01-01 2021-12-31 0001517396 ssys:ConsumablesMember us-gaap:EMEAMember 2020-01-01 2020-12-31 0001517396 us-gaap:ServiceMember us-gaap:EMEAMember 2022-01-01 2022-12-31 0001517396 us-gaap:ServiceMember us-gaap:EMEAMember 2021-01-01 2021-12-31 0001517396 us-gaap:ServiceMember us-gaap:EMEAMember 2020-01-01 2020-12-31 0001517396 us-gaap:EMEAMember 2022-01-01 2022-12-31 0001517396 us-gaap:EMEAMember 2021-01-01 2021-12-31 0001517396 us-gaap:EMEAMember 2020-01-01 2020-12-31 0001517396 ssys:SystemsMember srt:AsiaPacificMember 2022-01-01 2022-12-31 0001517396 ssys:SystemsMember srt:AsiaPacificMember 2021-01-01 2021-12-31 0001517396 ssys:SystemsMember srt:AsiaPacificMember 2020-01-01 2020-12-31 0001517396 ssys:ConsumablesMember srt:AsiaPacificMember 2022-01-01 2022-12-31 0001517396 ssys:ConsumablesMember srt:AsiaPacificMember 2021-01-01 2021-12-31 0001517396 ssys:ConsumablesMember srt:AsiaPacificMember 2020-01-01 2020-12-31 0001517396 us-gaap:ServiceMember srt:AsiaPacificMember 2022-01-01 2022-12-31 0001517396 us-gaap:ServiceMember srt:AsiaPacificMember 2021-01-01 2021-12-31 0001517396 us-gaap:ServiceMember srt:AsiaPacificMember 2020-01-01 2020-12-31 0001517396 srt:AsiaPacificMember 2022-01-01 2022-12-31 0001517396 srt:AsiaPacificMember 2021-01-01 2021-12-31 0001517396 srt:AsiaPacificMember 2020-01-01 2020-12-31 0001517396 us-gaap:ProductMember us-gaap:TransferredAtPointInTimeMember 2022-01-01 2022-12-31 0001517396 us-gaap:ProductMember us-gaap:TransferredAtPointInTimeMember 2021-01-01 2021-12-31 0001517396 us-gaap:ProductMember us-gaap:TransferredAtPointInTimeMember 2020-01-01 2020-12-31 0001517396 us-gaap:ServiceMember us-gaap:TransferredAtPointInTimeMember 2022-01-01 2022-12-31 0001517396 us-gaap:ServiceMember us-gaap:TransferredAtPointInTimeMember 2021-01-01 2021-12-31 0001517396 us-gaap:ServiceMember us-gaap:TransferredAtPointInTimeMember 2020-01-01 2020-12-31 0001517396 us-gaap:TransferredAtPointInTimeMember 2022-01-01 2022-12-31 0001517396 us-gaap:TransferredAtPointInTimeMember 2021-01-01 2021-12-31 0001517396 us-gaap:TransferredAtPointInTimeMember 2020-01-01 2020-12-31 0001517396 us-gaap:ServiceMember us-gaap:TransferredOverTimeMember 2022-01-01 2022-12-31 0001517396 us-gaap:ServiceMember us-gaap:TransferredOverTimeMember 2021-01-01 2021-12-31 0001517396 us-gaap:ServiceMember us-gaap:TransferredOverTimeMember 2020-01-01 2020-12-31 0001517396 us-gaap:TransferredOverTimeMember 2022-01-01 2022-12-31 0001517396 us-gaap:TransferredOverTimeMember 2021-01-01 2021-12-31 0001517396 us-gaap:TransferredOverTimeMember 2020-01-01 2020-12-31 0001517396 us-gaap:FairValueInputsLevel2Member 2022-12-31 0001517396 us-gaap:FairValueInputsLevel3Member 2022-12-31 0001517396 us-gaap:FairValueInputsLevel2Member 2021-12-31 0001517396 us-gaap:FairValueInputsLevel3Member 2021-12-31 0001517396 us-gaap:MachineryAndEquipmentMember 2022-12-31 0001517396 us-gaap:MachineryAndEquipmentMember 2021-12-31 0001517396 us-gaap:BuildingImprovementsMember 2022-12-31 0001517396 us-gaap:BuildingImprovementsMember 2021-12-31 0001517396 us-gaap:ComputerEquipmentMember 2022-12-31 0001517396 us-gaap:ComputerEquipmentMember 2021-12-31 0001517396 ssys:OfficeEquipmentFurnitureAndFixturesMember 2022-12-31 0001517396 ssys:OfficeEquipmentFurnitureAndFixturesMember 2021-12-31 0001517396 us-gaap:LandMember 2022-12-31 0001517396 us-gaap:LandMember 2021-12-31 0001517396 2020-01-01 2020-09-30 0001517396 ssys:StratasysObjetReportingUnitMember 2022-12-31 0001517396 ssys:SDMMember 2022-12-31 0001517396 us-gaap:DevelopedTechnologyRightsMember 2022-12-31 0001517396 us-gaap:DevelopedTechnologyRightsMember 2021-12-31 0001517396 us-gaap:PatentsMember 2022-12-31 0001517396 us-gaap:PatentsMember 2021-12-31 0001517396 us-gaap:TrademarksAndTradeNamesMember 2022-12-31 0001517396 us-gaap:TrademarksAndTradeNamesMember 2021-12-31 0001517396 us-gaap:CustomerRelationshipsMember 2022-12-31 0001517396 us-gaap:CustomerRelationshipsMember 2021-12-31 0001517396 us-gaap:ComputerSoftwareIntangibleAssetMember 2022-12-31 0001517396 us-gaap:ComputerSoftwareIntangibleAssetMember 2021-12-31 0001517396 us-gaap:OtherIntangibleAssetsMember 2022-12-31 0001517396 us-gaap:OtherIntangibleAssetsMember 2021-12-31 0001517396 srt:SubsidiariesMember 2022-12-31 0001517396 srt:SubsidiariesMember 2021-12-31 0001517396 srt:SubsidiariesMember 2020-12-31 0001517396 srt:MaximumMember 2017-12-02 2017-12-22 0001517396 srt:MinimumMember 2017-12-02 2017-12-22 0001517396 2017-12-02 2017-12-22 0001517396 2020-03-02 2020-03-27 0001517396 country:US 2022-01-01 2022-12-31 0001517396 country:DE 2022-01-01 2022-12-31 0001517396 country:HK 2022-01-01 2022-12-31 0001517396 country:IL 2018-01-01 2018-12-31 0001517396 country:IL 2022-01-01 2022-12-31 0001517396 2022-11-01 2022-11-13 0001517396 2011-01-01 2011-12-31 0001517396 2017-10-01 2017-12-31 0001517396 us-gaap:IsraelTaxAuthorityMember 2022-01-01 2022-12-31 0001517396 2017-01-01 2017-12-31 0001517396 2017-01-01 0001517396 ssys:BenefittedIntangibleAssetsMember 2017-01-01 2017-12-31 0001517396 2017-12-31 0001517396 ssys:EquityIncentivePlan2012Member 2021-01-01 2021-12-31 0001517396 ssys:EquityIncentivePlan2012Member 2022-01-01 2022-12-31 0001517396 ssys:EquityIncentivePlan2012Member 2022-12-31 0001517396 us-gaap:FutureMember 2022-12-31 0001517396 ssys:EquityIncentivePlan2012Member 2021-12-31 0001517396 us-gaap:RestrictedStockUnitsRSUMember 2022-01-01 2022-12-31 0001517396 us-gaap:RestrictedStockUnitsRSUMember 2022-12-31 0001517396 ssys:EmployeeStockPurchasePlanMember 2022-12-31 0001517396 2021-10-01 2021-10-31 0001517396 ssys:EmployeeStockPurchasePlanMember 2022-12-31 0001517396 2022-07-24 0001517396 2022-07-01 2022-07-24 0001517396 2021-03-01 2021-03-31 0001517396 ssys:StockOptionOneMember 2022-01-01 2022-12-31 0001517396 ssys:StockOptionOneMember 2022-12-31 0001517396 ssys:StockOptionsTwoMember 2022-01-01 2022-12-31 0001517396 ssys:StockOptionsTwoMember 2022-12-31 0001517396 ssys:StockOptionsThreeMember 2022-01-01 2022-12-31 0001517396 ssys:StockOptionsThreeMember 2022-12-31 0001517396 ssys:StockOptionsFourMember 2022-01-01 2022-12-31 0001517396 ssys:StockOptionsFourMember 2022-12-31 0001517396 srt:MinimumMember us-gaap:EmployeeStockOptionMember 2022-01-01 2022-12-31 0001517396 srt:MaximumMember us-gaap:EmployeeStockOptionMember 2022-01-01 2022-12-31 0001517396 srt:MinimumMember us-gaap:EmployeeStockOptionMember 2021-01-01 2021-12-31 0001517396 srt:MaximumMember us-gaap:EmployeeStockOptionMember 2021-01-01 2021-12-31 0001517396 srt:MinimumMember us-gaap:EmployeeStockOptionMember 2020-01-01 2020-12-31 0001517396 srt:MaximumMember us-gaap:EmployeeStockOptionMember 2020-01-01 2020-12-31 0001517396 us-gaap:EmployeeStockOptionMember 2022-01-01 2022-12-31 0001517396 us-gaap:EmployeeStockOptionMember 2021-01-01 2021-12-31 0001517396 us-gaap:EmployeeStockOptionMember 2020-01-01 2020-12-31 0001517396 us-gaap:EmployeeStockOptionMember 2022-12-31 0001517396 us-gaap:EmployeeStockOptionMember 2021-12-31 0001517396 us-gaap:EmployeeStockOptionMember 2020-12-31 0001517396 ssys:CostOfRevenuesMember 2022-01-01 2022-12-31 0001517396 ssys:CostOfRevenuesMember 2021-01-01 2021-12-31 0001517396 ssys:CostOfRevenuesMember 2020-01-01 2020-12-31 0001517396 us-gaap:ResearchAndDevelopmentExpenseMember 2022-01-01 2022-12-31 0001517396 us-gaap:ResearchAndDevelopmentExpenseMember 2021-01-01 2021-12-31 0001517396 us-gaap:ResearchAndDevelopmentExpenseMember 2020-01-01 2020-12-31 0001517396 us-gaap:SellingGeneralAndAdministrativeExpensesMember 2022-01-01 2022-12-31 0001517396 us-gaap:SellingGeneralAndAdministrativeExpensesMember 2021-01-01 2021-12-31 0001517396 us-gaap:SellingGeneralAndAdministrativeExpensesMember 2020-01-01 2020-12-31 0001517396 us-gaap:AccumulatedGainLossNetCashFlowHedgeParentMember 2021-12-31 0001517396 us-gaap:AccumulatedTranslationAdjustmentMember 2021-12-31 0001517396 us-gaap:AccumulatedGainLossNetCashFlowHedgeParentMember 2022-01-01 2022-12-31 0001517396 us-gaap:AccumulatedTranslationAdjustmentMember 2022-01-01 2022-12-31 0001517396 us-gaap:AccumulatedGainLossNetCashFlowHedgeParentMember 2022-12-31 0001517396 us-gaap:AccumulatedTranslationAdjustmentMember 2022-12-31 0001517396 us-gaap:AccumulatedGainLossNetCashFlowHedgeParentMember 2020-12-31 0001517396 us-gaap:AccumulatedTranslationAdjustmentMember 2020-12-31 0001517396 us-gaap:AccumulatedGainLossNetCashFlowHedgeParentMember 2021-01-01 2021-12-31 0001517396 us-gaap:AccumulatedTranslationAdjustmentMember 2021-01-01 2021-12-31 0001517396 us-gaap:AccumulatedGainLossNetCashFlowHedgeParentMember 2019-12-31 0001517396 us-gaap:AccumulatedTranslationAdjustmentMember 2019-12-31 0001517396 us-gaap:AccumulatedGainLossNetCashFlowHedgeParentMember 2020-01-01 2020-12-31 0001517396 us-gaap:AccumulatedTranslationAdjustmentMember 2020-01-01 2020-12-31 0001517396 us-gaap:ForeignExchangeContractMember us-gaap:NondesignatedMember ssys:ConversionToEuroMember 2022-12-31 0001517396 us-gaap:ForeignExchangeContractMember us-gaap:CashFlowHedgingMember us-gaap:DesignatedAsHedgingInstrumentMember ssys:ConversionToNISMember 2022-12-31 0001517396 us-gaap:ForeignExchangeContractMember us-gaap:CashFlowHedgingMember us-gaap:DesignatedAsHedgingInstrumentMember ssys:ConversionToNISMember 2021-12-31 0001517396 us-gaap:ForeignExchangeContractMember us-gaap:CashFlowHedgingMember ssys:ConversionToEuroMember 2022-12-31 0001517396 us-gaap:OtherCurrentAssetsMember us-gaap:ForeignExchangeContractMember us-gaap:NondesignatedMember 2022-12-31 0001517396 us-gaap:OtherCurrentAssetsMember us-gaap:ForeignExchangeContractMember us-gaap:NondesignatedMember 2021-12-31 0001517396 us-gaap:OtherCurrentAssetsMember us-gaap:ForeignExchangeContractMember us-gaap:CashFlowHedgingMember us-gaap:DesignatedAsHedgingInstrumentMember 2022-12-31 0001517396 us-gaap:OtherCurrentAssetsMember us-gaap:ForeignExchangeContractMember us-gaap:CashFlowHedgingMember us-gaap:DesignatedAsHedgingInstrumentMember 2021-12-31 0001517396 us-gaap:OtherCurrentLiabilitiesMember us-gaap:ForeignExchangeContractMember us-gaap:NondesignatedMember 2022-12-31 0001517396 us-gaap:OtherCurrentLiabilitiesMember us-gaap:ForeignExchangeContractMember us-gaap:NondesignatedMember 2021-12-31 0001517396 us-gaap:OtherCurrentLiabilitiesMember us-gaap:ForeignExchangeContractMember us-gaap:CashFlowHedgingMember us-gaap:DesignatedAsHedgingInstrumentMember 2022-12-31 0001517396 us-gaap:OtherCurrentLiabilitiesMember us-gaap:ForeignExchangeContractMember us-gaap:CashFlowHedgingMember us-gaap:DesignatedAsHedgingInstrumentMember 2021-12-31 0001517396 ssys:RevenuesMember 2022-12-31 0001517396 ssys:RevenuesMember 2021-12-31 0001517396 us-gaap:CostOfSalesMember 2022-12-31 0001517396 us-gaap:CostOfSalesMember 2021-12-31 0001517396 ssys:ResearchAndDevelopmentNetMember 2022-12-31 0001517396 ssys:ResearchAndDevelopmentNetMember 2021-12-31 0001517396 us-gaap:SellingGeneralAndAdministrativeExpensesMember 2022-12-31 0001517396 us-gaap:SellingGeneralAndAdministrativeExpensesMember 2021-12-31 0001517396 us-gaap:NonoperatingIncomeExpenseMember 2022-12-31 0001517396 us-gaap:NonoperatingIncomeExpenseMember 2021-12-31 0001517396 us-gaap:OtherComprehensiveIncomeMember 2022-12-31 0001517396 us-gaap:OtherComprehensiveIncomeMember 2021-12-31 0001517396 country:IL 2022-12-31 0001517396 country:IL 2021-12-31 0001517396 country:IL 2022-01-01 2022-12-31 0001517396 country:IL 2021-01-01 2021-12-31 0001517396 country:US 2022-01-01 2022-12-31 0001517396 country:US 2021-01-01 2021-12-31 0001517396 country:US 2020-01-01 2020-12-31 0001517396 ssys:EuropeAndMiddleEastMember 2022-01-01 2022-12-31 0001517396 ssys:EuropeAndMiddleEastMember 2021-01-01 2021-12-31 0001517396 ssys:EuropeAndMiddleEastMember 2020-01-01 2020-12-31 0001517396 srt:AmericasMember 2022-12-31 0001517396 srt:AmericasMember 2021-12-31 0001517396 us-gaap:EMEAMember 2022-12-31 0001517396 us-gaap:EMEAMember 2021-12-31 0001517396 srt:AsiaPacificMember 2022-12-31 0001517396 srt:AsiaPacificMember 2021-12-31 xbrli:shares iso4217:USD iso4217:USD xbrli:shares xbrli:pure iso4217:EUR iso4217:ILS iso4217:ILS xbrli:shares