6-K 1 stratasys_6k.htm CURRENT REPORT OF FOREIGN ISSUER UNITED
STATES SECURITIES AND
EXCHANGE COMMISSION WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 FORM 6-K Report of Foreign Private Issuer Pursuant to Rule 13a-16 or 15d-16 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 For the month of
October 2013. Commission File Number
001-35751 STRATASYS
LTD. (Translation of
registrant’s name into English) c/o Stratasys, Inc. | 2 Holtzman Street, Science Park
7665 Commerce Way | P.O. Box 2496
Eden Prairie, Minnesota 55344 | Rehovot, Israel 76124
(Address of principal executive offices) Indicate by check mark whether the registrant files or will file annual
reports under cover of Form 20-F or Form 40-F: Form 20-F x Form 40-F ¨ Indicate by check mark if the registrant
is submitting the Form 6-K in paper as permitted by Regulation S-T Rule
101(b)(1): Yes ¨ No x Indicate by check mark if the registrant
is submitting the Form 6-K in paper as permitted by Regulation S-T Rule
101(b)(7): ¨ The contents of this Report of
Foreign Private Issuer on Form 6-K (this “Form 6-K”) are incorporated by
reference into the Registrant’s registration statement on Form S-8, SEC file
number 333-185240, filed by the Registrant with the SEC on December 3, 2012, the
Registrant’s registration statement on Form S-8, SEC file number 333-190963,
filed by the Registrant with the SEC on September 3, 2013, and the Registrant’s
registration statement on Form F-3, SEC file number 333-190965, filed by the
Registrant on September 3, 2013 (as supplemented by any prospectus supplements
filed on or prior to the date of this Form 6-K). CONTENTS As previously reported, in June and
July 2012, putative class action lawsuits were filed in the United States
District Court for the District of Minnesota in Hennepin County (the “Minnesota Court” ) and in the Delaware Court of Chancery (the “Chancery Court” ) challenging the
transactions contemplated by the Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of April
13, 2012 (the “Merger
Agreement” ), among Stratasys, Inc., Objet
Ltd., which is now Stratasys Ltd. ( “we” , “us” or “Objet” ), Seurat Holdings Inc.
( “Holdco” ),
and Oaktree Merger Inc. ( “Merger
Sub” ). Under the Merger Agreement, Merger Sub
agreed to merge with Stratasys, Inc. (the “Merger” ), and Stratasys, Inc. would
become the surviving corporation of the Merger and our indirect, wholly owned
subsidiary. The plaintiffs in these lawsuits are purported holders of the common
stock of Stratasys, Inc. ( “Stratasys
Stockholders” ) and are purportedly acting on
behalf of a putative class of Stratasys Stockholders. These suits name as
defendants Stratasys, Inc., the former members of its Board of Directors,
Holdco, Merger Sub, and in certain instances Objet. As previously disclosed in the
Stratasys, Inc. Current Report on Form 8-K dated September 6, 2012 (the “September 6 Form 8-K” ), we, Stratasys, Inc. and the other defendants entered into a
Memorandum of Understanding (the “MOU” ) with the parties to the actions
pending in the Chancery Court (the “Delaware
Action” ) and the Minnesota Court (the “Minnesota Action” ), pursuant to which we, Stratasys, Inc. and such other parties agreed in
principle, and subject to certain conditions, to settle those stockholder
lawsuits. Pursuant to the terms of the MOU, the parties agreed, after
arm’s-length negotiations, that Stratasys, Inc. would file the September 6 Form
8-K amending and supplementing the applicable disclosure in our joint proxy
statement/prospectus filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission in
connection with the Merger. Plaintiffs’ counsel also undertook and conducted
confirmatory discovery as provided in the MOU. The Merger was approved by Stratasys,
Inc. stockholders on September 14, 2012, and was consummated on December 1, 2012, which resulted in Stratasys, Inc.
becoming our indirect, wholly owned subsidiary. In connection with the Merger,
we changed our name from Objet Ltd. to Stratasys Ltd. On October 3, 2013, we, our subsidiary
Stratasys, Inc. and the other defendants entered into a Stipulation and
Agreement of Compromise, Settlement and Release (the “Settlement Agreement” ) with the
plaintiffs in the two stockholder lawsuits. Under the terms of the Settlement
Agreement, which is subject to approval by the Chancery Court, the plaintiffs
agreed to a dismissal of the Delaware Action with prejudice, to voluntarily
dismiss the Minnesota Action with prejudice and without costs, and to release
all claims against the defendants, subject to certain conditions. The defendants
agreed not to oppose an award of attorneys’ fees, costs and expenses in an
amount not to exceed $450,000. However, court approval of the settlement is not
conditioned on court approval of such fees, costs and expenses. SIGNATURES Pursuant to
the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly
caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly
authorized. STRATASYS LTD.
Dated: October 24, 2013 | By: | /s/ Erez Simha
Name: | Erez Simha
Title: | Chief Financial Officer and
Chief Operating Officer (IL)